' then i avoid death , then i flirt and during a fight : nothing makes you feel alive as being close to death ( or generaly a very risky situation )  the best way i found til now is working physicaly and mentaly so hard that later you just fall asleep the moment you touch a bed-sofa-whatever playing with my dog , turn based video games , weed , ... some days ago i was talking to a cooworker , then suddenly she asked me what i do in life , then she compared me to her ex ... this is how my escape to mexico starts physical aggression : 0.64 verbal aggression : 0.40 hostility : 0.41 anger : 0.29 i proudly carry skars from my battles with bullyes from school , sometimes the fear of violence is a very ...  i usualy give a thank on posts i agree with or i find interesting , i like it , i find it funny ... it realy depends on the topic . i use the thanks recieved on posts to see who ^ agree , like it ... this video have a part that talks about death sentence at 6:05 ( society 4 )  i will definitely put all of these on my fb write an essay with as many info as you can just to realize you have or you dont need the answer anymore and delete the post . i've done the same a week ago ... having one is limitating and it doesn't worth the effort covered in shadow , in search of light ( illumination ? truth ? ) ( kinda off topic ; then italy won that mondials , on tv there was this advertisement of a ringtone for cellphone , < < materazzi has fallen because he ...  yes , somewhat , but focused on asking advice ( like : what would xyz do / say in my case ) , in anime / games there are often this moments then the hero is about to loose and suddenly ghost of his ...  ( avatar aang and fm alchemist - some of my favourite anime xd ) hi ! today i had a particular dream , a memorable one , and i want to share some thoughts i thinked about today . i've already experienced this many times and thinked about it a lot , but now i want to ... me : i won't do anything crazy , and everything will go smoothly . inner me : oh ! come on , just do it , there will be chaos , it will be fun ! you dont wanna be a freakin old robot arent you ? ... my 40 y old aunt listened to this / facepalm i just ignore the fact that they are women / girls , forget the about genders , friendzone by default everyone ; it makes me much more spontaneous and at ease , countering mindfucks about how to talk ...  then i dont sleep for more than 24 hours i become an enfj ( similar with alcohol ) i used to do this on purpose to observe the different myself o_o oh well , see ya you can't stop thinking ? want to keep your mind busy ? play hard 2 chess games with someone of your level ! mental exhaustion with slight inebriation garanteed ! enjoy after-work relax ! i play ... : shocked :: shocked :: shocked :: shocked :: shocked :: shocked :: shocked :: shocked :: shocked :: shocked :: shocked :: shocked : - - - shitty pay to win ; uninstall calm and peacefull place . there are a lot of smal quarters sparse in hills region , many sparse forests . the senter of the city is an antique castle , my city is famous for his chocolate fabric and ... it's not like you are that guys personal seat guard - . - , if that guy gone away from his seat he officialy freed it , unless he left some books or stuff there - then it should've been obvious to ... couldn post links last time i tryed to put this  yesterday i played chess with some new friends , i destroyed all of them , but also had a nice chance to study them and their tactics : 1 ) a guy , probably xsfx , i did'nt expect he knew how to play , ... feels like my type of avatars , so i agree with candy apple : intj or intp ; also my old avatars : ... you are the second person today that said this , i think i will watch it : laughing : love mad inside cheshire ( cat from alice in wonderland ) also wordplay - made in cheshire my avatar is the soul of dr . stein from soul eater anime some years ago i decided i want to be a litle bit more extraverted . last test result show that i actualy developed my te and ni rather than fe very probably entp may be intp may be istp - ne : ... * what type is that character darkbarlow - - - depression alarm is ringing - no enegy , no trust , no enthusiasm , no creativity , - just wanna lay in the bed for ever -  your type intj introvert ( 44 % ) intuitive ( 19 % ) thinking ( 25 % ) judging ( 1 % ) you have moderate preference of introversion over extraversion ( 44 % ) you have slight preference of intuition over sensing ... intj - the first time iv've done the quiz entp - some times ( during work ) ( often shown as possible alternative result ) entj - one time , during a course + stage period istp - one time ( often ... '