' no reason to do anything on birthdays . day like any other .. : happy : trips alone can be experience or not , depends . maybe you have a nice smooth vacation . if you go alone somewhere try to get as ...  i ´ m not the one to fantasize by making stuff up and wishing . that ` s infp thing ! ! more into google and trying to figure out her mbti personality and reading that . : yeah : she is kinda my only famous ... estp giving kisses 10 minutes after this and esfj is going to give lots of kisses nf gets one kiss from nt boyfriend ... all intuitives can be a good match . if you are intj you should forget sensors completely . too many differences in world view and likes / dislikes . infp and enfp the most common and the good part is ...   ...   you cried ? why .. ? : kitten : i use all black ( except jeans ) because : 1 . i dont care 2 . easy to wash when i need to buy new socks for example , i buy millions of them so i dont have to find pairs . : happy : intj goes to goofy mode and sarcastically nods to people who try to small talk with him extremely interesting , please go on intp babysits little brother ... naaah ... must just be an illusion of somesort . or maybe if something got him off guard ... something horrible , like emotions . :( i have a good shield here , nothing can penetrate this ! ... esfj emotions ... cut it away , just like that . could think about it afterwards ( why ? was this right ? ) but usually easy to just deal with it and continue ... what ? you mean make fun of it sarcastically ? i googled what is going on in this thread and decided that this is stupid . that is so deep and intellectual .. <3 ... nope . just stand there . cold and distant for the win ! no emotions will come out of that shell . hide everything ! look out ! infp is cooking ! girl on the left is making infps to have some fun . infp secretly inside ... 3 i eat everything if necessary , but i try to avoid things that i dont like . [ x ] another point of view esfj ... couldn ´ t care less about this juxtaposition . neither wins ? entp enfjs flower garden destroyed by storm enfp  intjs inside his head when stranger asks personal questions ( girl ) night , rain , snow , storm ... intj dont give a fuck intj + group ... i'm not your basic average computer part and i'm here to calculate your computer game world you can't stop me cause i'm intel i7 4770k there is nothin i can't do when duty to calculate that npc ... yes - happy - kind , sweet - likes animals and small children - weirdo no #estj #estp : rolleyes : so , infp making donuts for living ? if you want bungle free donuts infp is your choice ! ! . : happy : # suklaat laattialla you cant do anything to find me . : happy :  ok , we will change your tactics to fill forum with small talk and tell everyone how infp it is you cant see what shadow functions we are using if we just babble something pointless . : happy : ... let ´ s change our types to infp and fill their forum with stuff that is totally not infp stuff . and then we laugh at them in the shadows . real infps think that they are mistyped . ... yes it is . : happy : i dont have any infps in this situation . i ´ m just future thinking stuff ... : crazy : how are infps with money ? i have never heard anybody say anything about that . but i have ... yes , this sounds exactly what i thought ( and wanted ? ) to hear from infp ´ s . :) :) :) if infp has a friend who is evil , but infp thinks that he / she is not . can i make infp realize that without hurting her feelings ? how hard is it to change ? if i say that x is evil because he ... liked atleast the idea of horror movies as child , but there isn ´ t any good horror movies that i ´ m fan of . idea in my head . obvious and easy to understand to me . if i try to make others understand it too , it will become some weird as shit explanation . or so others think .. to me it ´ s still obvious .. gally , you are going to the hug thread ! 2593 posts in this thread nfp finds her first intj i bet nichya irl is one of those infp ´ s that makes me think that infp ´ s are bunnies - thing . : shocked : oh god ... no ! i dont know .. :p roud : that she is a titan is the only one that i know and it ´ s from i dont care about people who categorise someone based on something as shallow as this . all just shallow acting , dont give a fuck . i am who i am and i dont give a dam what anybody thinks . isfj + loyalty and attachment angry entp intj + plan making 4 year old intj gets angry entj just being entj entj + interruption entj and esfj you found a group of nf  no . i will kidnap one of you girls and tickle the answer out of you . : smile : you really do not want to see me like that . it ´ s so out of character .. what do you need intj for ? : hampster : i bet it ´ s something scary , like hugging . : suspicion : : ball : '