' enough so that only risk starvation , jail and / or execution can make me abandon my values . that is to say , few circumstances can make me act in a manner contrary to my values . this does not mean that ... not uncommon . probably enneatype 6 , too . some people feel awkward and inadequate when they bring up their problems without being asked , as though they're imposing this conversation on people . they ... how do you guys handle moral disagreements ? as in , when you regard some act to be morally wrong and the other person doesn't . does the way you tackle that depend on whether you're dealing with a ... this is likely not what you want to hear but teasing nfp's is ... a family sport of ours . mostly infp's , but occasionally teasing an enfp is fun to . it can vary in degrees of intensity , ranging from ... good link . i've never said it ought to be couple counseling though . perhaps it's due to the information available to me , but i kinda take it for granted that the abuser is a depraved individual , and ... this is so vintage text books can be written about this . abusive realtionships 101 . if the experience of countless victims is worth anything , it stands to reason to believe that there's not a grain ... this matter is complicated and goes beyond mbti . emotions , like logic , are not something you simply have . emotional maturity must be developed through conscious effort just as a habit of truly ... no , i don't . for one thing , i barely ever watch tv at all . such a brain-killer . not worth my time . but if i do stumble upon something worth watching ... well , if i have some reason to think someone ... * shrug * i'm in no haste to generalise either way , as i've already said . it may well be a matter of maturity , as the xnfp who've gained my simpathy were surely quite mature . this is , sadly , a rare ... no . what i'm talking about is the typical xnfp-type idealism . isfp are more down-to-earth in that regard . but some ideals espoused by the infp ... they hardly even look good on paper - excluding the ... xnfp ? extremely cute and cuddly for the most part , but also the types most likely to make me bang my head against the wall and chant stupid for hours . infp's specifically are even more of a pain , ... ... to the best of my understanding , dressing like a slut to tease some trashy rich guy is anything but a wise idea , survival-wise . but , if you're of legal age then your father can't really stop you ... oh , you don't have to worry about that . when it comes to dealing with animal , you'll only realize that all the soul digging has happened post factum . which is actually very odd , considering how ... empathetic ? yes , certainly . if i care enough to pay any attention at all i can be very perceptive of other people's states of mind . if i know the person i'm interacting with or observing i can often ... one simple thing to remember is that fashion has very little to do with looking nice . basically , it happens like this : some relatively popular dude sees something they think is kinda cool . but they ... entj says : put that down , i'll do it myself . you're just getting in the way . entj means : we'd not have gotten into this mess had you just followed my orders in the first place . entj says : ... hmm ? ... a female intj 5w6 with a username eleanorrigby ? would you , by any chance , be a retired member of fig hunter ? either way , welcome to perc ! my-my , what an extra-ordinary claim ... we can't just accept that on faith , now can we , being rationals and all ? this calls for immediate , extensive and rigorous tic ... er , that is , testing ! yes , ... warning : cold , distant , aloof , solitary , reclusive etc . as ill-suited for interpersonal relationships as they get . approach with extreme caution , if at all . granted , my pitch-black clothes and ... eh , why not . take your best shot ladies . i'm quite confident i'm a core 1w9 so / sp . the only two other possibilities i see as worth investigating are 8w9 and 5w4 . but , if anyone can identify some ... greetings and welcome to the forum . animal has always proven to have a great taste when it comes to picking friends . so being her best one ... well , let's just say that people's expectations are ... this has really gotten my attention , as it'd seem from my perspective that to show that x is wrong without referring to other , relevant facts could only be done by showing that said x is internally ... i don't keep people waiting . ever . as for the actual judgment ... you are a very unique person , and in a good way . hands down the most boisterous person i've ever met in my life . it's rare that i ... orgasm heey , you've promised me a judgment a while ago . i'm still waiting . i'll be giving you one in the next 2 days , most likely , as soon as i get an adequate amount of sleep . you're looking for an explanation in a wrong place . the goal of such debates isn't about uncovering truth of any kind . most people don't give a reeking damn about it . no , the main purpose is to gain ... hmm ... interesting . seems that not many gut types are responding . as for me , yes , i do search it . truth , for me , is that which one would understand about the world if they were to let to of ... this comment explains pretty much everything that can go wrong in a relationship between the two types . our inferior fi isn't exactly the best tool for processing emotional matters . from my ... hmm ? .. a judgment thread ? might as well give it a shot . so , criticize me if you wish . i'd like to hear from anyone interested enough to bother . also , bump . i'm brought here by a desire to develop my intuitions , ni specifically . with little to be found online , it's a logical choice to ask the people who use intuition themselves . my ti and , to a lesser ... my type : estj most attracted to : entj , estj , intj least attracted to : enfj , esfj , infp enneagram : 1w9 most attracted to : 8 , 1 , 5 least attracted to : 6 , 4 , 7 edit : 3 people so far actually ... joeyno 7 hmm ... it would seem that the situation is very painful and difficult for her . if i know anything at all about my type , if she wanted a breakup you'd be the first to know . and , judging by ... type 8: you get what you see . or , if you prefer it this way , also , an alternative for type 1 : part game , part random thought provoking stuff . give as full a description as possible of your core enneagram type ( or any other for that matter ) in 25 words or less . type 1 : holier than thou ... okay , i've seen a few sensor-bashing threads before . now an anti-sensor-bashing one . to my mind , all of this only warrants one question : what in the hell is up with this ? for one thing , si and se ... this is very interesting , actually . as an sj i can't relate to that in the slightest . in fact , it's not uncommon for me to sit silently even when other people are trying to get me to converse . as in , ... to some extent , yes . i'd absolutely hate to be controlled . i've a strong desire to be the boss of my own life , and would not take it kindly if someone else tried to take this place . as stable and ... fours , sixes , sevens , eights ... how come they're all on the top while my type got the least votes ? nobody wuvs me : sad : ... [ / type 4 ] to the best of my understanding , introverted functions are primarily focused on processing information while extroverted ones are responsible for informing our actions . an example of this would be ti ... this is quite unusual ... one could think that an enfp type 8 with a 7 fix would be a social butterfly . i find it very fascinating - albeit confusing - that people who have an extroverted function as ... to the best of my knowledge , it's istj . however , the last ( and only ) socionics test i took gave me lse - estj . it's quite plausible , since my te is quite powerful , perhaps more so than si . i ... well , no , i didn't . i'm quite aware of the dangers of a judgmental attitude . i've said elsewhere in this thread that i'm not overly rigid . this is the difference between introverted and ... i can almost always tell a person's enneatype from a description of their behavior , and mbti - after a few minutes of live interaction . it's harder to do on the forums , obviously . it kinda comes ... judging and being judgmental are nowhere near the same thing . the former is simply comparing whatever is being judged to the way it should be and making rational decisions based on the acquired ... it's a matter of individual differences . although we have the same core enneatype , our mbti is totally different . you're ne-dom with auxiliary ti . i'm a te-aux , according to the last socionics test i ... hmm ... somehow , i thought his head fix would be 6w5 or 5w6 . i'm starting to see people's personalities so quickly it's a little scary . si-dom , beyond rationally permissible doubt . not sure if ... curious ... may i inquire about this person's tritype and mbti ? ( i'm dead certain there were 4w5 and istj somewhere in there ... but , just to be sure . ) a fair point , though , is that us type 1 ' s can ... 8w9 - 5w4 - 2wx , sx / so entj . intense , able to think straight and with a bit of empathy . what more can a man possibly ask for ? 8w7 would be cool too , but i get a distinct feeling that a 9 wing will allow ... it's roughly as i've expected . she's definitely a type 6 , and damn unhealthy at that . consider yourself lucky that she also happens to be istj , otherwise you'd be in hell on earth right about now . it ... as an istj , i find this story to be somewhat confusing . it could be quite sensible , granted several assumptions . however , i'm not all that eager to be making judgments without having the details . i ... well , that's definitely a new and unexpected experience . i just read through 3 pages on the istj forum that are meant to be a serious discussion yet i can't help but ask myself : is there a point ... '