' i have asthma so no , i think i'd die the first time ... and also it doesn't have many benefits , i don't think . it's something that you have to acquire a taste for , it doesn't even get you high , it ... it's starting to be a typical conversational precursor when people approach me . hey , how are you ? i saw you before , and i was wondering : you're really quiet , do you ever actually talk ? it's also ... wondering about this guy's type , if someone could help ? he's outgoing , friendly , warm , engaging , and sarcastic . he smiles a lot and loves hugs---bear hugs specifically , since he's over 6 foot ... for some reason the most comfortable position is on my back , knees bent , arms folded above or behind my head . no blanket no pillow . i just find it super relaxing and comforting . 7448774488 74489 if my partner was really adamant about it , i guess . the thing with people wanting a kid is that they usually only think of the great stuff . rarely do they think about how they'd discipline them , ... it's never been something i'd like to do personally , but i can appreciate it . the downside of being female---i think the biggest thing for me is that , since i'm female , people expect me to be more socially and emotionally capable . i'm not naturally affectionate or ... i use to not care at all . i was actually totally oblivious to other people's feelings and criticisms . until someone i really cared about exploded emotionally about how cold , selfish , and emotionless ... i have a hard time figuring out when a person you know becomes a friend or how friendships are actually developed . i know i have one best friend , because she's personally called me her best friend . ... i don't think i was that different . my mom says i've always been the way i am . it's something that's worried my mom , actually , since i haven't grown out of it . whatever it is , she's never ... quiet , i guess . i don't really talk to people during first meetings , and only if it's completely necessary . i was actually sort of blind to the outside world ( including my appearance ) until a year or two ago , when somebody brought it to my attention ( through yelling . ) hoodies , sweats , jeans , and ... yes . so much so that i feel literally exhausted when people are around me . you look so mean , but you're really nice . - people who don't know me . you're so cold / insensitive / emotionless / mean / selfish . - people who do know me ( this honestly surprises me because i have no ... i'm bad at emotions . i don't know how to respond to them , whether they're my own or someone else's . i get all erratic and confused and i usually just shut down or explode . i get called ' anal ' all the time . i'm not sure if this validates whether or not i'm anal-retentive , though . matter of opinion , i guess . it doesn't even come to my mind to ask somebody for help , actually . i don't know why . only until my mom yells at me about why i don't ask for help do i actually think about the process of asking for ... concentrating . also , people . calcifer the fire demon . don't have a cell ; funny enough , it's because my mom says i wouldn't answer it anyway . when i'm at home and the house phone starts ringing like mad , i unplug it's cord . i don't . i get so distracted . like , you could sneeze while i'm trying to study ( or doing a text / homework / schoolwork / personal research / anything ) and i will stop and think about what might have ... i'm a sore loser . i'll call for a rematch . and if you deny , i'll get even . the beautiful and the damned by f . scott fitzgerald the great gatsby by f . scott fitzgerald the fault in our stars by john green also , a pencil and two ear-bud headphones with the wires twisted . i store it until i calm out . then , usually at random intervals , my pent up rage will leak , then burst , and i'll lash out at anyone or thing that's causing my rage at the moment . last year of high school ~ ! :D i'm the kid who sits to the side of the class , doesn't talk to anyone , you think they're smart , but they're failing because they get all add during tests , homework , and ... a long way gone by ishmael beah wuthering heights by emily bronte lolita by vladimir nabokov the complete tales and poems of edgar allan poe also : two rubrics for papers that i'm currently ... i'm usually lost during social situations , and i commonly don't know what to say or do . when a certain situation happens to someone else ( real life , youtube , t . v . , whatever ) i pay attention to the ... i used to have a kid in my elementary school who sat right next to me and would ask me what we were supposed to do for every assignment . this wouldn't have been a problem ordinarily , but he asked ... clay marzo : just add water stay inspired ... even listening to music , reading a book , or going for a walk could hit you with new ideas in the process . also , i find the dramatica theory on story construction to be fairly sound ... i was too involved with constructing a mental diagram on the thing rose was floating on , thinking about the space of their two bodies and the space of the floating thing , and also wondering why jack ... glad i'm not the only one who neither hates nor likes stuff . i once met a guy a suspect of being an intp . we nodded in acknowledge of each other's existence , smiled awkwardly , then didn't talk to ... i was never really a picky eaterx 97i ate whatever food my mom gave me ( though i have a problem with avocado and some other weird textured foods . ) i usually hate tags on my clothes . my mom used to cut ... okay , so i generally have a hard time telling if someone is joking with me . i'm used to my household's obvious sarcasm , but i usually don't get when someone is being sarcastic outside my house ... i like extroverted types the most . :D i get really distracted . it's pretty bad . i can't pay attention to anything the teacher or anyone else says . but i remember a lot of times when i was saved during a test or something because i ... i love this book . i love this book so much . the terrible thing is that it's pretty hopeless from the beginning . the really terrible thing is that even though you know it's hopeless , green still ... me : these are the reasons why . these are the pros and cons . this doesn't make sense based on this reasoning and deduction . feeling types : but this is how i feel ! me internally : ( ... god , you make no ... 1.people i see a crowd of people rushing past me in the halls . they're too close . also , they're loud . 2.color paints . all kinds of paints , bright sunset colors , people painted in bright , ... hugs are more like squeezing for me . i feel like i'm being squeezed . i used to wonder why people liked to be squeezed so much . so when someone asked for a hug , i'd squeeze them . but then they ... sheldon cooper from the big bang . recent social blunders that you've went through ? can be anything small or big . for example , my mom dragged me along to church yesterday . my church is really friendly , and after every ... i'm pretty sure my mom is an esfj . she and my esfp sister are very similar , but they butt heads when the j and p functions clash . don't know my dad too much , so i'm not too sure on his personality ... actually , i wasn't really too sure . it's amazing how i can have music blasting in my ears , and not even notice it because i'm so into my own thoughts . so i tuned back into what i was listening to , ... i'm allergic to cats . i think , otherwise , my mom would have opted for one since they're not that high maintenance . if i wasn't so animal obsessive , i'm almost positive she wouldn't have gotten ... hahahahaha ! i just sit there . i have no technique . i'm like , the fuhrer of awkward . i can not do small talk . also , they're conversations — i can just feel myself slipping into a comatose . i've tried to analyze ... i used to play with caterpillars and worms . they used to be all over the place in my preschool . i never killed them though . and i don't think i ever approached spiders willingly . i want to learn how to play the piano ! '