' i teach preschool right now , but it's not permanent ! the man i've been seeing is an esfj , very sensitive and emotional . i made a flippant and crass sarcastic joke the other day , and since then , he has shut down entirely . he tells me i can't . my ... ^ yes . this . relationships come before everything for so many enfp's . just focusing on other stuff seems so minuscule when we find so much life in relating with others ! ugh yes , right now i'm dealing with the same thing . it's refreshing to know i'm not alone ... that's why i wandered back to this forum after having gotten too busy for a while . i feel like such a ... this thread is so my life right now :( which is pretty much why i'm just sitting on the internet trying to justify my loneliness by seeking affirmation from internet friends . love you guys ! ... i feel this way all the time ! i don't think you're crazy . i always say that to people , i wish you could see in you what i do . and i feel like i love everyone , all the time . and the kind of love is ... this is totally where i'm at ! i can so relate . it's tough to feel like you are one person and have to be somebody else to meet obligations . yep . i don't have any advice ... but just wanted you to know ... in all honesty , i hate when people do all of the things listed above . but i've come to learn i also do a lot of crappy annoying stuff and i'm not deserving of my friendships . we're all human . and it ... i feel you , girl . i totally feel you . i think its a normal part of being an enfp and growing up through big life changes . it's tough . i just cling to my cat and my internet and i think i'll be ... one on one . in class settings i'm way too interested in talking to all the people who have so many cool stories ! ! i think its a little bit of both . enfp's are often flighty and forget to text back , so i wouldn't hold that against her . however , i know that when somebody calls me on my forgetfulness i am that ... all the hugs all the time pleazzz most of my childhood my parents had me in and out of different psychologists trying to diagnose me with something . they landed on bi-polar , once , but i was undiagnosed by the next doctor . people just ... emotionally , yes . you can only be extroverted for so long ... :) degree psychology-minors in human development and social work current job behavior therapist past jobs in home support services future jobs i think 2w3 is for sure in your tritype but my gut says 7 as your primary . you're also young-not that that changes your enneagram type , but just that your answers to quizzes may be inconsistent as ... enfps are sometimes said to be the most introverted of the e's ... and this is the exact reason why . i'm always swimming in my own world while simulatneously submerged in social activities . i don't ... im an enfp with ocd-how is that for a wtf moment ! my tendency is messy but my ocd helps balance it ... sometimes .. . :P any nf types are my ideal . i need somebody who gets me . and only nf's seem to do that , though i've found some sf exceptions . i tend to go where i'm invited and if i'm not invited , stay away . i don't want to cause drama and i can probably find somebody else to hang out with . if i'm not invited , but a friend who was ... yesss i'm thinking inxp . some of your comments sound f , some sound t . infps tend to be more dreamy than you describe yourself as though ; and enfp's and intp's i've known have always been people who ... haha i get the butthurt thing . my friends say it often . ;) i tend to take general comments very personally . and the things that shouldn't matter , matter a lot . i feel those feels . there have been a couple of threads about enfps and the military . everyone reacts differently . the one i know who joined ( few do ) the army has returned . he is still himself for the most part-but ... i'm sorry that didn't format better-it was much prettier before i pasted it and it all came out as a block :( so , back to the point - :) i'm a communications team leader for an organization and our team motto is inspire and engage ( as opposed to informing ) . and i struggle so often with not being ... trolli makes giant gummy bears now . ahhh excitement ^ this . well developed judgers , however , are able to see that they are the way they are and accept others . my biggest judging issues come with s / j's . n / j's tend to be easier to get along with . enfps are characteristically overbearing at times . we don't mean to be , we just feel a lot . we don't intervene for the sake of conflict , rather because we want to be a part of what you're going ... ive never met a guy esfp that i was attracted to-but i loove esfp girls as my friends . so awesome . havent read all the drama on this thread so sorry if somebody else already said this , but seriously , just balls up and ask her out we dont like to say no to fun ! nah i totally agree . i love most all types and can have convos with almost anybody . never like an nf though a very t suggestion ... :) all of the above are totally valid possibilities with this guy . impossible to decode ? ! my heart just got so happy ! ! i love the way you describe that ... i have to agree 100 % :D 10 years ago ? come on , you haven't lost your spunk ! word . i completely agree . totally get it . yeah , and i don't know if that's the case . i can only hope ! ! that makes sense . the guy i know has been with his girlfriend for something like 8 years ? they are not getting married but own a house , run a business , have children together , etc . and run as a ... i think i kind of am an evolving hippie . so it fits ;) really interesting . i agree with you , now that you say that . maybe infp for noah then ? i mean , he did write ... a lot . ;) fair enough ! hey guys guess what ! i got him to take the test and he is an infp and now everything makes sense ! ! ! thanks for all of your help ! hahhha . i meant irl . i'm mikayla , good to meet ya ! the only intp i know is weird as hell . awesome , but weird as hell . the downfall to him is that he doesn't seem to bond with people very much . he enjoys conversation sometimes but he doesn't ... sometimes , my romantic side gets the best of me . like tonight , when the notebook is on abcfamily and i can't stop watching : frustrating : anyways , anybody else who is watching / has seen want to type ... i can relate , kind of .. i think . lol since i was 15 i've known what i wanted to do: work with children with autism . since then , i've attempted a lot of different means to the same end - - nursing , ... words of affirmation is my love language . but i love all kinds of love . they all make me feel good . :) love . that sums it up . :) currently , i am trying to figure out if i believe that because jesus said it to be true-or if its just because what jesus said happens to be in alignment with my ... never . maybe when i was younger , but now that i full know who i am , i wouldn't want to be any other way . nf's feel so deeply . i can't imagine myself without that . and i've only felt a deep ... '