as i'm sure everyone is well aware , christmas , far from being the season of good will , usually acts as an interim for the purging of vitriolic scorn and resentment amongst families . as i might have ... woaoaao you should have listened , there is someone here inside , someone i thought had died so long agoaoaooo , ooo the time has come for my dreams to be heared , they will not be pushed ... yes , i'm guilty of that . does anyone else here start fantasising about the sort of life you'll have with them and wonder what your children will look like , and how you'll decorate your home and what ... i freeze . gasp ... can't ... breathe . it sucks that the only people i can flirt with are the ones i don't fancy . girl crush : this woman is enchanting . adam ant . enough said . : blushed : i had to respond to this as it appears to be an exact description of my own anxieties . ever since i discovered my mbti type , i've been rather sceptical of it's description and whether or not i can ... i haven't owned a mobile in four years , partly because i have no-one to call ( like most people here , i'm a bit of a lone wolf ) and partly because i think they coarsen the nature of human interaction ... ' ' where are the songs of spring ? ay , where are they ? think not of them , thou hast thy music too , — ' ' - ( to autumn ) , keats i sympathise with you . most of my immediate family are thinkers and i resent the way they disregard emotional sensetivity as a weakness . i believe that our affectibility gives us many strenghts - ... my fi is very important to me so i tend to be drawn to feelers more than thinkers . in fact , dominant thinking types turn me off and leave me cold . i can't understant their detachment . don't even get ... in spite of all my scepticism , that does sound lovely . part of me has always rejected the idea of formalising a relationship by signing a document . surely the love you share with your partner should be validation enough ? mabye this is because i'm a very ... 1 . william wallace - braveheart . 2 . boromir - lord of the rings . such a tragic hero , immensely flawed , who is aware of the badness within him and hates himself for it , but through his ... every morning i step into the universe with a sprightly sausage . the sun kisses my cheek but the very next moment strikes me down for failing to comply with building regulations for replacement ... like most people here , i'm better with faces . in fact , i took a face recognition test a while ago and scored 100 % . i don't have much of a linguistic brain . it's very ocular . my mother and i recently ... we're like two peas in a pod aren't we ? : laughing : my god , i can second this ! i'm 21 and most people assume i'm 16 . i once got id'd for buying a bar of bailey's chocolate . inverted snobbery infuriates me . just because i have certain standards does not give someone the right to assume i'm ' ' up myself ' ' . for some reason , i repel people upon introduction . i get this a ... to be honest , i don't see why small talk is often praised as a ' ' valuable social skill . ' ' sure , it can help break the ice , but beyond that , it just seems like a barrier that people hide behind ... i know i'm being greedy ! in order :  ... i had to respond to this . i'm confused ! i've taken so many mbti tests and i always score infp . however , i'm not at a great place in my life at the moment . my shyness sometimes manifests itself into ... izzie , you strike me as a very deep thinker who isn't afraid to delve into the darker aspects of human nature . you've managed to conquer the narcassistic trap many inrtospecters fall into . you're ... lately , i've been questioning my ' ' introversion ' ' and wondering whether it has been cultivated by my shyness and therefore , not an innate longing to be alone . as a child , i was very loud and ... i'm not into beastiality , but i remember having huge crush on baloo ( jungle book ) as a kid . i also got hot under the collar for gordan the steam engine from thomas the tank : blushed : ... i was wondering if anyone here hasn't taken the conventional academic route , i . e - a bricks and mortar university ? i had the chance to go to university when i was 18 ( i''m 21 now ) , but i'm glad i ... to find my soulmate . to find yours is to be the richest person in the world . what a beautiful picture : happy : . i don't mean to sound corny , but you have a lovely smile . why does our culture revolve around drinking ( in the uk at least ) ? i'll drink now and again , but i don't really like the taste . actually , i don't like the process of drinking , i much rather chew ... exactly . there are no guarantees . just because you have a degree in a ' ' reputable ' ' subject , doesn't mean you're set up for life . you may as well go with a subject you love and then at least it ... a really annoying incident happened a few months ago . i was walking along a quiet country lane , minding my own business , miles away in thought when i saw loads of sheep coming towards me . they were ... i know , for some reason , i thought it was next to hay-on-wye . then i counsulted the map . o dear ! spooky about the waterfall though . it can be really annoying walking along those narrow country lanes ... i'm from powys too ! but then again , it's a big county . i'm from brecon . you're photo looked a bit like the path that leads to some beautiful secluded waterfalls near where i live . they're nestled in ... yes i know , i know we have to be ' ' practical ' ' ... ugh i hate that word : laughing : . this may seem odd fallout , but i just read your profile ( potential stalker alert ! ) because your avatar picture has ... philosophy ... career choice ... don't think so ! : laughing : it's purely out of interest . i was in the job centre this morning and explained that i wanted to go back to college to study philosophy and ... hi fallout . your post sounds very inspiring . its interesting you said you're studying psychology , i'm contemplating doing philosophy with psychology . i don't know why i'm designating this question exclusively to the infp thread ( my posting patterns have always been slightly incestuous - i like to ' ' stick to my own ' ' : laughing :) , but i was ... god , i know where you're coming from . my fear of rejection fuelled my avoidant personality to the extent that i completely retreated from the world . it's been a slow process getting back to normal ... definately not everyday . even on special occasions , i don't plaster it on . just foundation concealer , eyeliner , mascara and mabye some lipgloss , which is nothing compared to some girls . if i decide ... both realists and dreamers have their flaws and attributes . dreamers , although talented visionaries , can find it difficult to make their dreams into realities . realists risk turning their skepticism ... i fucking hate the phrase ' ' it's a wrap ! ' ' headlining promotions on wrap around dresses and fajita recipes ! ! ! well , from personal experience this combination has never worked . my brother seems very much like an estp and i find his arronance astounding . i'm not trying to marginalize all estps , my brother ... christ , i just read my previous post and think i need to lighten up ! go on then , i'd be a rich edwardian lady dripping in jewels and punctuating my life with glasses of champagne ! : laughing : upstairs downstairs . i'm watching it now : happy : . this is a tricky one because the past was not a good place for a woman . i'm fascinated by medieval and tudor history and often daydream about living back then . i'm attatched to romantic notions of ... i'm sorry , but you sound very blinkered . how can you make such grandiose generalizations about the human condition ? if life were as simple as you made out , the world would be a very dull place ... it was a bit of a relief to discover that i was a hsp . i always thought there was something wrong with me . these are my results from the test on that website : i am easily overwhelmed by strong ... i'm obsessed with medieval and tudor history . i could talk for hours about the reformation . i'm also glued to period dramas . my sky plus planner is overflowing with episodes of upstairs downstairs . exactly ! easy mistake to make .