' all things that have happened for me 1 . illegal activity . yes , it may be a cry for help , but i can't be associated with ppl on the wrong side of the law . 2 . ( like others have said ) ... bookstores ... my vice . and itunes and amazon . yeah those , too . i have trouble controlling myself there . as for the grocery store , i try to keep a list on the fridge . i add stuff for special ... i am more of a follower / commenter / lurker here , and on fb , than i am a thread starter . i have one thread to my name ( my intro one ) though perc says i have started 2 threads . i have no idea what that ... both feel like i am listening to an apple commercial . that said , maybe owl city ? ? ? i would cut myself some slack . it all works out in the end , one way or another . like they say , if you want to make god laugh , tell him your plans ... a lot of the exercise websites recommend not exercising at night , but i swear by it , with a relaxing shower . i use lavender soap and i associate that scent with sleepytime . another thing ... i keep ... welcome ! it's a fun place , not too many trolls . :) ermahgerd ! ! ! i love apples to apples ... and the adult version of that game called cards against humanity . sounds like a party i would have fun attending . wb ! lol ... we have all kinds of rules about how to treat our enemies ... not so much as a how-to manual for how to treat our lovers . world is backwards , i say . i think things are cyclical with us ... i know i go through periods where i don't much feel like going through the motions with people as if it is pointless . then i have a situation where things ... are the situations different ? what i mean is ... was it easier for you to connect before like at school or in your hometown . has something in the setting , or the setting itself , changed and maybe ... i think , because i don't confront folks when their actions perturb me , people assume that things don't bother me . actually , i just believe that life is too short to get into arguments , especially if ... the only thing i hate more than talking about money is listening to ppl talk about money . people take on different airs when it comes to money . and as for friends who see me as their atm , i ... this is a good place , shy or not . hope you'll like it here . hypocrisy ... rome , italy . hands down ... but just about anywhere in italy is ok . after years of ridicule , i invested in a box of safety pins . now i keep a pin pinned to the top of a sock while i wear them and when i take them off , i pin them back together ... toss them together ... like the others , i say go with it and keep the communication flowing . my only question is whether his friends with benefits are past tense . the first is the most recent print that i bought . i love it because of the depth , of course , but also because despite the similarities of the smaller paintings it still provides just enough ... boogie monk my kindergarten teacher taught me how to read just so i could read this word ... frisbitch ... no other word will ever compare . mtv reality shows ... and anything kardashian . made.my.day . too funny ! ! ! if i say i am going to do something , i try to follow through . if there is some extenuating circumstance however , i will sometimes break my word . my idea though is that if you have to break your ... indeed . here's a little inspiration in case you find some billions in the near future . this is in my top 5 of all time favorites . what's funny is that no actual person is like anybody in that movie ... just a bunch of misfit moths to the same flame . it's kind of like what i imagine ... based on the ones i know irl , i think intps are wonderfully cool , just not in the world's definition of cool . you're always thinking , rethinking . often qwirky , yes you might not be as warm and ... welcome ! the enfp forum is a great place to hang out . your story makes me feel terrible as it brings back similar feelings from my teenage / college years . whatever the answer , she acted like a monster . if she comes back , you will always be wondering ... i know this situation is a little more complex because it's family kind of ... but your in-laws bear a good bit of the responsibility here . kids are kids . they say and do things without ... sooo many to quote , so i will take the one that most recently got me . ( the boldification is mine ) from ... an hour a day ... full day would drive me to tears . i have 3 dogs ... used to be 4 , but my old girl died in march . i have a skittles too ... a nasty-tempered chihuahua . the other 2 dogs are absolute sweeties . 48832 i like cats and would own one , ... so to speak ... no . in many cultures it is considered a compliment . and you are very complimentary . modern day carnies ... if you want to sit through the pitch , at least eat a few bean burritos right before so you can be entertained . this will happen tomorrow ... my webcam is ass though . pucca loved spaceballs ! petite sirene loved dirty dancing ! adding these in no particular order ... the big lebowski a funny ... i am drawn in by you , intps ( most of my friends have been intp and enfp though i get along with ppl of all types . ) but some of my enfp tendencies that grate on my nerves i am better able to ... every.single.word of this post . the rhythm of each sentence and how each word seduces us to read the next ... alas . this is why inxps should come with a warning label for me . holy smokes ... likewise ... caffeine has me under its spell . i get headaches if i don't have a cup of coffee in the morning ... my condolences to you on your mom's passing ... allowing yourself to grieve is important and not doing so could cause you substantial trauma down the road . there is no one way , or right way , and ... when i get really upset by something . yes . but everyday ? no . and also i get teary at movies and tv-shows . i try not to ... but play that sappy music in the background and i am running for the ... i am bold enough to make the first move ... i think that is part confidence , part my que sera sera attitude that nothing ventured is nothing gained . but i hate to have to be the ... omgarsh ... i haven't had lumpia since i used to live in california ... yum . you brought back good memories ! so i lurk over here from time to time ... this thread caught my eye enough to lure me out of my enfp safehouse of emoticons and over-punctuation to respond ... so as an enfp--i think that the idea of ... thanks for resurrecting this thread ... i have a thing for the dark haired guys it seems ... sheesh ... and british doesn't seem to hurt either . ;-) 3 . echo ... colin firth 2 . jim caviezel ... it sucks that some of the best learning opportunities come from places of disappointment . i am sorry to hear that things went south even if you maybe had the feeling they were indeed heading that ... the key is in the hygiene ! ! ! a good rule for all of us to remember ... it actually didn't exist ... until your post . '