' spent a couple years internalizing rebt - albert ellis ' philosophy - and lately i tested as intj , i think . i'm not sure because the shock of testing other than pure infp caused me to close out the ... delicious and true and this song was written by a fascinating person - malvina reynolds . born in 1900 , educated , discriminated against , got in on the ... learn and use the abcs of rebt . take an easy major in college and don't worry much about grades - in the end there was no way i was going to fit into any career based on that . get more cynical and ... i would be highly social if i lived in a society of thoughtful , intelligent , responsible , compassionate , empathic people . you know , people who choose to do things the right way instead of the ... just a thought that occurred as i read an earlier post . how much of what humanity brags about and uses to support their belief in their superior worth as a species was created by introverts ? how much ... you forgot enlightenment . but you know you'd love to put a bird on it . : wink : perhaps at least tangentially related is this article , articles - emotional health : understanding our primary & secondary emotions i was reading it yesterday for my own specific issues and it ... bingo ! < < < taking copious notes > > > : happy : i was drinking tea and thinking when i wrote the first post . :d ry : that's about all i did for three days straight before that , too . looking at life and experiencing it . to get some new information or to get out of my head for awhile . sometimes i just get sick of myself . ok folks , perhaps i did not state my goal in the right way ... because i am not thinking or saying that being infp isn't cool , or that i want to be a different type , or that only through type can i ... ok i found it on infp : ( fi-ne-si-te ) where it also says , 1 . cognitive ... i am checking out ways to try new things . i have no desire to try a little extroversion but i won't reject that out of hand either , should it appear useful . i'm looking for a way to change things up ... nooo , i do not want to become extroverted . and i am not caught up in type . i am simply interested in trying new ways of being and experiencing things just to shake things up . so i am looking at ... if i want to enjoy life more then what other types or aspects of type should i try to develop in myself ? for instance , should i somehow try to develop more s ? in essence what i want is to break ... i'm working on getting past this and just enjoying what's left . i want very much to be wrong about what i said . without some reason to believe otherwise , though , i am stuck for now . the thing is that it isn't a very few who are evil . i think it's most if ... look , almost all of the human species is mindless and heartless and cruel . if you devote yourself to helping them , you are just wasting your energy . sure , they'll take what you give . and they'll ... yes , i was helpful to some people recently and then once i needed a thoughtful compassionate ear there was none . quite literally , some of these people were thanking me profusely on a routine basis ... what difference does it make if anyone cared or not once you are dead ? i believe your fear is that of being erased and that will happen . learn to embrace it . often in real life , people seem to like me . i do not like them , however , and their attentions seem motivated by rather parasitic soul-sucking agendae . so i tend to work hard at being likeable enough ... i want love and peace and people all over the world to hold hands and sing . yeh , right . i just want a way to ensure i never have to put up with people in real life again . working on it ... my guess is that when infps see good in people they are merely projecting . you're intimidating due to your differences . they are herd animals and anything out of the ordinary intimidates them . yeh , i can spot an infp . the thing is i work for a living and the hippie dippie pot smoking anarchist infps just make me feel embarrassed to be infp . you don't have to lie around in your own filth ... hey , and acey , you look miserable . stop using drugs . they'll just hobble you to the point the helping profession will get their hands on you and then you'll really find out what miserable is . i ... retirement is what i live for - to escape the clutches of human interaction forever . being cast out of social groups always improves my mood . :) i felt that way at age 6 ... decades later all i can suggest is to do your best to drop out . take an unobtrusive job that pays the bills . spend as little as possible . eat right . enjoy the little of ... so you're just another person wanting to herd the herd in a direction of your own narrow making . the problem is the herd . the majority rules , even in societies that have a ruler . eventually , the ... fake it to make it . i tell the pod people what they want to hear to the degree i must in order to not catch their attention . i want to be left alone . if only i could find a goddamn house to live in ... yah , have a good day ! :) i want to be wrong . but i have no reason or intuition to believe i am wrong . i've always wanted to be wrong . i hope i am . i have met a much greater cross section of humanity than you , i ... i think you latched onto the number 10 ... the 10 % you speak of would be the best killers of the sheeple ... not the infps and certainly not the narcissists ( psychopaths would probably enjoy war , ... intp = emotional retard doing drugs isn't much different than firing a nail gun into your head a few times . oh , except you'll feel good while getting permanent brain damage from the drugs ... just until you wind up ... hey , just keepin ' it real . just bein ' honest . when i was still a wee infp ... still hoping and expecting to find the good in humanity ... i worked in a place that hired in an extreme narcissist . even the ignorant mindless 80 % types recognized he ... what an idiotic question . that means you're in luck ! heterosexual women love idiots ! prediction : you'll never help anyone who is lost in the abyss that is modern western society . you'll get all misty eyed and look caring , at times , though , which will help you to feel your life has ... because i'd sooner tear out my left eye and eat it than have to put up with some idiot male ... or female ... did i mention i hate humanity ? avoid harming living things wherever possible . as far as humans go , i do not care one whit about them , though , since they , as a species , don't care about avoiding harm to other living beings whenever ... after the costa concordia debacle i read an article about how research has shown ( never believe what research shows , btw ) that in emergency situations , 80 % of people freeze up . another 10 % of people ... yeh , never . this posting extravaganza was it . i am done now . kind of like drive-by intimacy : wink : i have nothing more to say to the humanoids . thanks for the infpfest < < taking party hat home ... conan obrien , madtv , seinfeld . those are the only tv shows i can think of offhand that make me laugh out loud . of course the monty python movies and airplane ! the naked gun , and other spoof movies ... humans . that's all . hm , perhaps in your religious fervor you are hallucinating the words just a in front of the word theory ? at any rate , a theory is the pinnacle of achievement for a hypothesis . like a prize ... yup , those bacteria and viruses can mutate very quickly . this has nothing to do with anything i said or that you said in response or that i said in response to your response . again , get stephen ... i like this . simple but effective . nice . '