' i know this is ancient news , but she sounds like she has a cluster b personality disorder . do some reading and see if they match . people with antagonistic personality disorders do not match any ... you make a good point , hammersklavier . i'll define my terms . i view self-esteem as one's identity . by identity , i mean how one see themselves , and sometimes how one imagines others see them . ... self-esteem is an internal thing , but we confuse that fact because it began as an external thing . in childhood , we gained our sense of identity entirely from the signals we received , the ... this is the right advice , and i'll take it . i'll go no contact . when they become adults , maybe i'll become facebook friends with one of the kiddos . if they have questions or stories to ... thank you , lollicat . i needed that . it does seem like it would be like diving into quicksand . good grief , these are long posts . my apologies . writing in my journal didn't seem to be enough . guess i have a need to share this with someone . my top friends aren't equipped to hear this stuff , and ... one reason i asked for advice was whether i should try to help this woman in some way , or at least suggest to her she's got a problem and needs psychological counseling . so much of the advice i see ... oh , i forgot some information . she's moved 4-5 hours away , and the insurance and registration are expired on the car . she crashed the car in an ice storm last winter . she had it towed to the ... pardon my crudeness , but holy shit ! i wanted to resurrect this old thread and give a quick update . all good infjs of the counselor persuasion , i might need your help at some point . this post ... i wish i had half their energy . that's one cool cat . random thought : my cat's name is kitty girl , like she's a superhero . the only patrolling she does is for birds , though . nice ! this is a little mesmerizing to me , especially when i run my cursor over them . sad and disgusted get so big . distracted is the word that describes me most of the time these days . that would ... yes , yes it is . i've never played , but i think i know the answer , but i need context , so i have to ask : is fenniken really the best ? we don't have enough words for emotions . when i was younger , i'd get drawn into the melee , to prove a point or to prove how smart i was . as i've gotten older , i've decided it's not worth the trouble most of the time , and i'm not trying to ... thank you for all the perspectives . you don't know how helpful it is to me . since our dinner , we've had 2-3 phone and email conversations . i'm starting to think she's having several different ... this is a relationship question involving an infj . i'm hoping to get some clarity ( clue ) from a few infjs out there . one of the reasons this relationship fell apart was because i never pick up on ... that's exactly why i join in these discussions . it's really rare online or offline to have a forum where ideas about religion are discussed in a rational fashion . usually , it's all the baggage that ... i may be derailing the conversation a bit , so forgive if i get replies off-track , ablysmal . those sentences i highlighted reminded me of a study i saw earlier this year or last year . in it , research ... when science fiction is done right , it's great . when science fiction is done badly , it's absolutely freaking awful . maybe it's that way with a lot of things , but i'm saying there's a chasm and not ... i give it a big yea . science fiction can get a point across on the sly , or look at an issue in a new and compelling way . often , when i read the modern slice of life type of fiction , if they're ... isn't mammon the symbol of greed ? i'm no buddhist scholar , but i don't see much of a connection . i'm no biblical scholar , either , so maybe there's more to mammon than i know . i can argue ... all of this , except with work . i do freelance writing for a living and cannot make myself concentrate lately . that's bad , because i have to devote at least some of my time to productive work ... you're welcome . i've been there myself , so i know how it is . i'm assuming you either still have feelings or you feel a need to know why this great guy is acting a little flaky , so i'll give it a ... this is supersede's ghost . your brother from texas fulfilled his destiny and disemboweled himself . he was a power user , so blame windows 8 . i've got to get a new cellphone . the phone's old and rickety , but the biggest problem is , it slides open to text , to answer the phone , and so on . so last night , i was texting my girlfriend to ... since we have a sub-plot in this thread , i wanted to ask a question relating to our sub-plot . before i get to that question , let me write a paragraph . i've had it in my head that someone saying , ... when this happens , it reminds me of a child who is really sleepy ( and you can tell it ) , but they don't want to go to bed or take a nap . that's how i feel my brain is sometimes ... too hardheaded to ... i've seen this pattern before . i do that thing where i have my whole week planned out in my head , so i seldom have time to fit new people into it . if i ever make that change and the significant ... hear hear ! well , there you have it ... god has spoken . it's nice to have a definitive answer to this question . there's no topping that screen name . one of these days , i'm going to start from post # 1 and make this thread my playlist . that might take a year , though . interesting to note . thanks to everyone for your replies so far . it's nice to discuss without the usual histrionics associated with discussions of evolution--i love intps . it's just i was ... it was my assumption that plants and animals evolved from a common ancestor . better put , i've been thinking that all life on planet earth evolved from a common life form . if that were true , the ... i was watching some documentary the other night about what alien life might be like , in which they analyzed alien-seeming life here on earth . it got me to wondering if these hypothetical aliens would ... that's uncool . i used to have a friend who would bring a friend along for game night , but this guy never wanted to join in the fun . he would fall asleep and then wake up in the middle of the game , ... my buddy always orders marlboro medium 100s ... in a box . heaven forbid if you should give him marlboro medium 100s in a soft pack . i don't smoke , so i don't know the difference , but apparently , it's ... growing up , i was good at baseball , football , soccer , tennis , ping pong--you name it . i rode motorcycles and was a good water skier . i stood in the driveway and shot baskets to all hour's of the ... that's so awesome i don't have words to describe it . the einstein logo is classic . so is darwin . so is ... we might have been separated at birth . i'm gen x , intp , and 5w4 , and my girlfriend went to a costume party last halloween as that same twilek character--at my suggestion . coincidence ? perhaps .  ... well , they say sex is like pizza ; it's still pretty good either way . i second that motion . let's have a vote . like some kind of candid camera / punk'd from the future ? that sounds about right for the progress of the human race . in this episode , we send a holographic flying saucer and gray aliens back to ... deal . i'll come in disguise , i . e . not wear my demarcus ware jersey . that might get dangerous in philly . i agree , kt : people cling to their attitudes for all kinds of reasons . ( 1 ) one night my infj ex-girlfriend ( who believed in ghosts and psychic powers ) and i were walking in a nature preserve in ... i'm a cowboys fan ( forgive me ) and i'll agree ... barry sanders was better than emmitt smith , who , for those intps who hate football , holds all the records . i'll say emmitt smith had the best career ... oh , of course , infern 0xx ! ! ! ... i get the two of them mixed up every time ... yeah , that guy sucks . ooh , that's tough . i've been the second best man a couple of times and , for this very reason , i much preferred that . it's probably one of those situations where it's best to try to break out of ... letters are good , but personal crests display a person's individuality within their classification . intps like the esoteric . and besides , they're decorative . this should explain everything : . i think you'll find it very intp when seen in its full ... '