' i'm not esfp all the way you eclipsed my heart ! ! don't go ! ! :( hows the istj saga coming along nope 1inch naturally upset , pending who was treating me this way . gsus , its hard enough just getting a date happening i have the programmed need for companionship , but believe these feelings will disappear as i get older which im looking forward to . ... people who listen and respond to what i say whatever you guys do , don't just ' settle ' for someone due to circumstance . at least just try talking to the crush u have ... even if your voice shakes , even if u don't know what to say and even if ... just found a pic of cactus_waltz and his buddies lol loving this thread . has anyone attempted to approach and talk to the one they are attracted to ? its really simple , its completely free of charge and you lose absolutely , nothing . you ... just fell through with another girl , so i called the next one . still , i honestly believe i'll be alone till i die . i'm not trying to get sympathy either by saying that ( srs ) i'm just not going to ... your accepting your fate from an internet site ? total bullsheet your in charge and you make your career choices ... not some type based career chooser . i work for myself and earn over 75g . never ... don't make any changes for a freakin girl dude ... do it because you want to do it very happy to hear your battle with cigarettes . keep it up , your body loves you ever more for quitting ... and ... i'll take anything i can get ... and i still struggle ! ! lol ohhh please , you don't mean that i'm more of a crashed jet fighter , or rocket ship , like a rocket man burning out his fuse up here alone ! ! size 6 c cup blue eyes 5 ' 9 i'm a simple man , thats all i ask for . decided to be awesome , not for some of the time , but for most of the time . 69waystolove - excellent skrillex post my new found dubstep friend now time to end this thread with ... if you don't perceive the world , the world will perceive you if i wasn't around , this forum would absolutely die . no one would come on anymore if oscarhollywood wasn't cranking out the kickass ... lmfao gsus , you are allowed to smile ! ! ! if she is a mature person and knows what she wants , then direct route works perfectly . i use it 90 % of the time yup , your in trouble now ! :D lol , i apologize , you looked 21 my mistake and i retract my comment . i beg you for your mercy and forgiveness dont worry everyone ! theres still plenty of fish in the sea i honestly can't see how ? yes i agree , u need to be direct and to the point . no vague or figurative waffle with istj's , they don't appreciate it . just lay it down thick what you want to to , and your ... i know exactly what u mean its best we all just stick together here . its a scarey sensor's world out there ! ! i'm still searching for friends who appreciate what i say , or want to know ... muslim gurls turn me on more then western gurls that reveal themselves . muhammad was onto something here ... i approve of the following posts same as me , opening up and then thinking oh gosh , this doesn't feel right anymore , time to withdraw for awhile and think things through like everyone said , ... no such thing as perfect partner or soul mate / thread with new people , very very much so , flirtatious , extroverted , high social energy . with old people i already know i hardly say a peep ! ! i love parties , especially when theres new people to meet ... but ... i hate competing with super loud music to the point i have to yell . a few months ago , i was at a party , and met 2 very interesting ... how old r u guys , and whats the work your doing ? i also think most of this is in your head . if he's a kickass infj like me , he would of grown the nads to ask u out already just be yourself - single guy i think ive known 2 entp males . humor was good ! ! ladies and gentlemen ... ^ ^ ^ this one thing that helps me with this , is getting treated naturally .. not with drugs . also , my interest in socializing helped me break it the cycle many times . i believe a month of being reclusive , is ... it sounds absolutely amazing , please , continue . i'll be honest . i want you too date this woman , only because that means less istj women i will encounter , which is a great thing ... ... for me going by your post , you seem to appreciate this ... oh come on now ! should change that username to partywarrior ! ! ! yeah baby yeah ! ! i have that effect on many ppfffttt pfffttt spare me i was way too immature to decide what i wanted to do during highschool , so i quit and got trained for what i do now ( wanted to be a chef , or vet instead ) ive been my own boss for years now , run my ... the prophet has spoken ! ! ! bump , someone help this lady . i am a terrible fit for my line of work . i can't remember anything , which is very important . lol been doing it for 12years now , and i hate heaps , however , it pays very well . i did think of ... i like you , your a nice guy , but ... whats wrong with u ? omg .. just stop ! so your like this ... psycho-analytical kinda person ? your too deep for me i really like your posts , they lift my mood and put me in a positive frame of mind all day . your an asset to the infj forum . in time u will learn my young padawon . plus your a female , its impossible for your species to decode and untangle the vast spiraling web of complex intricacies that define , compose and create the ... just letting u know , u wont get laid '