' it doesn't let me go to sleep haha you can always use vaseline for that xd very very pretty ! and angel like ! ... and love ur hair :) lol ! you're very good looking in a cute way thank you :) nice pic ! :) looks like you just got out from blade . please don't ! i think it was awesome :) so beautiful and original lol haha ! we all have that kind of mellow look :) ... with my cousin at her wedding sounds harsh :/ ... it's hard for me to get mad with someone til the point of not talking to them . if i try i'd feel too guilty , no matter what wrong she or he did :( ( unless they violate an important ... nice outfit / costume ! really like it ! its like an intuitive version of forever 21 lol ... you look very pretty :) i've been reading a lot through this thread and wow ! enfjs sound really awesome hehe ... unfortunately i don't know anyone who's enfj ! truth is i've never recall meeting one ! looks like where i live ... my favorite band above all is mew their music is so beautiful and melancolic , so infp xd . other band / musicians : bjork coldplay royksopp likke li eisley blonde redhead hillsong london   experimental or trance music , and at an indie level , ban comercialism . xd youtube - björk - pagan poetry : crazy : yeah it definitely would be fun well i do body painting . ive done one similar to the avatar but not as sick ! tho xd : crazy : thank u when you get high or drunk the truth comes out . all that you hid and your unconscious comes out . ive never had such experience but from other people's tales thats what i see . ... when a guy asks you out and you say no but feel really bad or sorry for him even tho ur a 100 % sure u dont like him at all . thank youuu ! youtube - björk - vennus as a boy you know you're an infp when ... you think you lost your cel phone and after searching vigorously for it , you realize it's in your back pocket . happens to me a lot and also when sometimes you ... happens everytime : crazy : i never knew someone else could understand me nor where there people like me . i could stare at an inaninate objets for minutes and i also do smile , people look at me like is she ok ? and also ... xddd omg im beginnig to love spam thank you for your detailed response xddd loool that girl could be an infp stereotype xd ... ok im no internet newbie just in case . ive heard the word a thousand times and i've got an idea of what it is . but i would like to see you guys post your own definition of spam . i have imagined myself floating over grass , like gliding really close to the ground without touching it . i love being an infp : tongue : summer . hot sun and the beach ! yeaaah ! oh lol : crazy : yeah its all good . they complement each other because what one of them lack the other has . i mean like if u put together two infps it could go nowhere and probably to boredom ( no offense intended , ... well the truth is that any type can have a healthy relationship with any other type , as long as they have a good maturity level . if they know how to respect , help and accept each other everything's ... correct : wink : we belong with enfjs ha ! we are respectful and loyal . not slaves :d ry : i liked the first one lol but can some body please explain the second one ? : crazy : salads ! ! ! : tongue : lettuce nom nom nom nom 1 . ) cry babies - when in childhood yes because to what i was exposed . now its very hard to cry :/ 2 . ) emos - people sometimes say that i give that impression but i dont dress like them at all not ... : crazy :: crazy :: crazy : i have a thing for smart and spontaneous men : crazy : i couldn't agree more : wink : omg ! : crazy : omg ! : crazy : '