' after feeling okay for a few weeks , i've started to feel my depression and depersonalization kick in again , which sucks . i broke up with my boyfriend a few months ago , and i've been pretty ok since ... i would say when it comes to some opinions , it can certainly be enough of an indictment . you also have to think through all of the implications and presuppositions involved in the opposing opinions ... my sun sign is taurus , but honestly , astrology doesn't seem to have any sort of legitimacy at all . i have been diagnosed with like everything . most consistent are add , depression , and anxiety . one neurologist and one social worker told me i had an autistic spectrum disorder , and then a few other ... one of my close friends is an infj , and although i do care about him very much , i'm having trouble dealing with certain aspects of the relationship that are very frustrating to me , and i know he gets ... ugh i'm so tired of everything . my relationship with my family is pretty much worse than it's been . i'm failing two of my four classes , and i know it's too late to do anything about it , and i know ... there seems to be a lot of anti-divorce talk in this thread , and i'm not really sure why . as somebody who was raised by a single mother , i don't really think divorce is problematic at all . yeah , you ... male 4w5 , uhhh i think in full i got 4w5 9w1 5w4 what does homosexuality have to do with those links ? the babies could as easily ( actually , far more easily ) have been adopted by straight couples . whether children of mentally disabled individuals ... well that won't really be a problem once the capitalist mode of production has been brought to an end . wages are the problem , not just how big or small they are . it is exploitation because workers are paid , on the average , the value of their labor power , rather than their labor-time . it's not a matter of whether both parties come out of it better . the ... the problem with american libertarianism is that it supposes capitalism can ever be based on free , equal exchange , rather than exploitation . i attract suicidal people , drug-addicts , nerds , awkward and / or autistic-spectrum peeps , weird people , hippies , punks , goths , leftists , and what i affectionately refer to as the good kind of ... mind you , i've been trying and failing to sleep for five hours , it's now 8am , and i feel really slow and stupid . but anyway ... i think you disprove your own argument when you claim that ... what's wrong with stealing things for your family ? dress entjs don't seem that great . intjs , maybe i don't see what is wrong with this , and i don't think it's fallacious ok , i don't care anymore . you're too annoying to have any sort of discussion with . i don't care if you told him not to sleep with a married man . you said that you talked about people behind their backs because they were feminine and wore women's clothing . that's the only thing i ... i'd call my old abusive stepfather awful without much hesitation . finding yourself is one thing to do with your life . making the world a better place is another . that means challenging dangerous ... you're talking about adults . i had youth in mind . and i would think fi is the most ' bohemian ' of the functions , being less concerned with what one's relatives expect . basically , i think up until ... also , i do think that rebellion is far more healthy than passively following norms or the expectations of one's family . it's easier to find yourself and be authentic when you're older , but for ... well yes , i was driven to rebel , but that doesn't mean i always gave in to the temptation . that's where critical thought enters the equation . i only mentioned it because i was surprised to see an ... i already mentioned nazis , so you can check that box you're clearly homophobic . that in itself is sort of understandable . hell , i'm gay , and i've internalized homophobia . that doesn't excuse making fun of the gay people you know . there's nothing wrong ... ok , aenye , obviously you are not going to be convinced that my being gay doesn't hurt others . instead , how about this : it shouldn't hurt others . if my sexuality ruins somebody's day , then good . i ... honestly , i don't get as offended as i probably should by things like that's so gay . what does seem kind of offensive to me is you deciding what gay means , what homosexual means , and which label ... um , i'm not quite sure what test you think i failed . both and neither . if i had to pick one , it would probably be aristotle . i especially like de anima , on the soul . i'm in a really uncomfortable place between hegelian-marxism , ... if all you're saying is that most people are incomplete and cognitive function preferences are ego , aren't you basically just regurgitating jung on individuation , almost verbatim ? i would say that ... i'll never understand the family disappointment thing . if anything , i was usually driven to do precisely the opposite of whatever my family wanted . i mean , if the op was abused or something and the material triggered some sort of distress , then i definitely think they ought to be excused . but otherwise , it seems like this is just moralistic ... i smoked a whole lot up until last semester , when i had to deal with a ton of depersonalization , derealization , depression , and anxiety . probably not unrelated , although i think lsd , salvia , and mdma ... well going along with what was said about ' reconciling opposites ' i would guess ni is used by hegel . first instinct is to say ti due to the way he builds up his logic , but then i consider his ... i wouldn't really worry about derailing this thread . it's kind of just masturbatory ego-stroking nonsense . patriarchy isn't just a conscious philosophy of male superiority . it is a product of ... when faced with a logical contradiction , adds up both position to form a greater whole what cognitive function is this supposed to represent ? 1 ) well , seeing as you seem to acknowledge that there are disproportionate problems , how would you explain those ? 2 ) why does it have to lead to oversimplification ? feminist theories can be pretty ... in what sense are you not a feminist ? ok , so with which part do you disagree ? my life is one rut after another . i'm not sure if i actually get bored of places and situations , or if i'm just trying to distract myself from deeper issues . i've spent all day alternating between joni mitchell , joy division , and the smiths . also rihanna : blushed : when i was younger , i was never happy with my birthday , because it never measured up to my expectations . basically , i was a brat and felt as though the world ought to revolve around me the entire ... what about the silhouette of an overweight high school student , furiously mashing his dorito-stained keyboard . he's struggling to read his youtube comment through a film of dried semen , which only ... please be kind . as an infp , i'm very sensitive to criticism . : blushed : firework do you ever feel like a plastic bag , drifting through the wind , wanting to start again ? do you ever feel , ... i can read sheet music , but i can't play any instruments . hooray for middle school music class . :p i'm taurus , which says nothing about me whatsoever . i suppose i can be stubborn , but material pursuits don't interest me , my head is in the clouds , and i'm a bit lazy . astrology is pretty bs in my ... the drunken boat : arthur rimbaud - poems i like rimbaud quite a bit . plath is good . whitman , mayakovsky , baudelaire , when i'm in the mood . this is the problem i have with mbti and socionics . i can be perfectly rational if i need to be . i took honors calc , for example , and even though i didn't go to class more than twice , i was able to ... i don't understand why anybody cares what the founding fathers wanted . they were just people , with particular interests . it's no use deifying them . '