' wow , that's insane ... haha ! never mind , it's good to see you here :) sure , go ahead . that is happening to me right now ... hehe : awesome answer ; i can see some patterns now , i'll start experimenting with this right away . thank you very much ;) some seem normal , others seem kinda intense ; later they show great neediness and finally suicidal intentions . i don ´ t know exactly , sometimes they start doing it when we're still fine others ... before they met me . hello entj ( male ) friends ; i was wondering if it's a personal situation or you also attract women with suicidal intentions . i've noticed that i've attracted quite a bunch and they just keep on ... i think that what you actually hate is the conventional educational system because it limits your way of thinking and acting . i hate it , i've always done it and i'll always do . yup . name : ramón valdez -> ramonv , i always use that username . avatar : ramonv wearing a suit . just awesome . signature : you become what you think about . ; earl nightingale said that . it's ... and why that's supposed to make us badasses , kindofblue 06 ? yes , pretty sure , although a weird one :) because i've been there myself and i know i can be more effective if i treat people the way i like to be treated . ce jeu listen more , talk less . oh crap ! that sounds like me ! i did that several times and the funny part is that i was talking about that with a friend : i simply didn't know why the hell i ended up with girls like that . so i ... people with low self-esteem . internet : facebook . sorry , i don't speak martian . vikki richards , i've got the perfect cure for you : do something useful with your time . haha ! cool ! i'm seriously reconsidering my goals ... having a bad luck day ... what else could go wrong ? good luck with that dealwithit ;) that description fits perfectly to me and my estj friend . one of my supervisors is an estj and when she's angry , oh god , it's simply disgusting ... dear isfp , you could live a better life if you stop acting like a victim of the cosmic forces of the universe and take responsibility for your life . sincerely , entj . - one of your teachers hated you ? i wouldn't care about it . someone gave you a kitten for your birthday ? i'll try to keep it but probably my dog would kill it . you found out you weren't ... tega 1 the problem is not being nice or not , the problem is not knowing how to use that properly with women . i've always seen that the most successful guys in these matters are those who know how ... monkey king don't worry , i was just kidding :) thank you marzi , would have been fine monkey king ... lol just talk to other people , the more people you talk to the greater your chances will be of making friends . asking how you doin ' today ? will do wonders for you . i barely know how to get to the places i have to go ... you become what you think about . - earl nightingale also when you're angry you can't think well and that's not good for your plans . of course , being sure will save you a lot of trouble . are you sure you're an entj ? w h a t ? ! ! ! you must consider that your emotional state influences directly in how you perceive yourself , to give you a better example i'll use myself : when i'm extremely happy i'll act like an ... haha ! that's not a bad idea ... there are several ways in which you can identify the types of other people , you can simply recognize it just by reading a description of a type , you can intuitively ... right there i mention what i mean : 3 ) act fast , stop thinking about things so much and act now while she is interested in you . start by creating small daily lists with few items ( between 3 - 7 things to do in a day ) , cultivate the habit and then create a more complex system for staying organized and doing more with your ... how curious ... i met an entj woman who also told me that and one day she simply banished , never answered my calls , never saw her online again ... haha ! this is what i learned from that : 1 ) keep ... what i think is that while still being easier to hate someone it's not the right choice because the only one that will suffer is the innocent one . what i did when i passed through that was to learn ... tega 1 if you measure the time you take doing something and consciously decide to do it faster , there's a big chance of you doing it even faster and better than you imagined . for example , if you ... win / win , that's the secret . i think i'm efficient , i take what i consider to be the correct amount of time for each thing , i never get to the point of rushing or acting like a turtle . i know how you feel man . i passed through something similar , just knowing how everything wasn't as real as you thought it was is a really hard hit but life keeps going . even being entj when i open the intj forum i feel kinda uncomfortable , it's just too logical , rational , straight that becomes confusing and boring . intjs might look so cold here but they're not ... i don't keep letters from my exes , i see them as just lies . i keep the good things of those people in my heart . i tend to ejaculate ideas while i'm in the shower :P '