' hi , its me again . istps and enneagram 5 , which is 39 % of istps approximatly . enneagram 5 is all about being so much in our heads until the point to develop anxieties of all kind and therefore ... hey it's me again ! ! i'm finishing my aerospace engineering and i don't like it at all . i hate it with all my heart . now ... i have to choose a career path but i'm not sure , so therefore i ask for ... how about the idea of comitting 21 days to an activity no matter what , and then decide to leave it ? i think its a good idea ok . pick a new activity . for example yoga at home . daily 30-60 minutes . when should i decide if i continue with it ? because i've tried it , and do it 2 days than stop then start than stop ... etc your advise was not helpful , but thanks for the effort . hey , its me again ! right now my parents support me . finishing my degree and go to the gym are my main goals for the year , until december . in my free time ( 70 % of my day ) i usually play ... hey , right now i'm between trying to find a passionate career path that pays very well , since i want to enjoy my luxurious se activities . joining the army is a very good istp job but doesn't ... oh man . it's so difficult to spot sp's . not really . i hardly interact with women if i dont party . when i party my stats are i get laid in 1 out of 80 approaches . so imagine . and my looks are above average . it's just that i don't ... bump . worth reading ;) drugs food x1000 sleep listen to music while having a smoke bodybuilding aka being sexy and watching myself in the mirror being alone staring at people travel risky stuff like sports ... ஐ .. • . ¸ ¸ • ´ ¯ ` • . ¸ ¸ . ஐ .. • . ¸ ¸ • ´ ¯ ` • . ¸ ¸ . ஐ .. • . ¸ ¸ • ´ ¯ ` ஐ .. • . ¸ ¸ • ´ ¯ ` • . ¸ ¸ . ஐ .. • . ¸ ¸ • ´ ¯ ` • . ¸ ¸ . ஐ .. • . ¸ ¸ • ´ ¯ ` • . ¸ ¸ . fucking boring game i aint playing this shit untag me sometimes 3h a day , sometimes 12h a day . depends if i party or not a lot . fuck sleeping patterns and fuck routines . yes . you heard me . girls always tell me that i hide my feelings which is very true . i have a hard time sharing my feelings because otherwise i feel vulnerable . also i like the fact of being mysterious . and try to ... normal day when you're off work i usually wake up everyday at 9 am . breakfast in front of tv then internet until night . on occasion i'll meet with friends but very rarely and some sports here ... luvgen i'm still lost . you're saying that i'll find my purpose by daydreaming over and over at my couch ? i've been doing this for a lot of time , and no . i never get anywhere at my couch . ugh . sorry to say . but that answer was not helpful at all . luvgen . still don't know what to do . i opened a thread about this few months ago where jb nobody gave me proper advice , but i've been trying them and also the following and can't seem to get out . i've done this so far : - swim - sun ... add up all emoticons : : 3 ;) :P xd xd i hate them ! ! argghh 1h1h1h1h1h1 ! ! ! nanajndasdsadas , nadjlknd-d.masad x thing is bad and therefore you're stupid the fuck ? ! give me some nice and steady arguments ! i just hate when people to give real reasons and they just say this is shit i still don't understand how enneagram shows life experience and confidence meaning yup . i am a 6w5 . how'd you know ? young , why ? thanks ;) oh my . you're a girl . even the fattest and ugly girl can get laid easily without saying much . we boys have to deal with more bs . so if talking to a stranger triggers anxiety , and you are anxious for more then 5 secs for example , its because you can't handle it , therefore you lack of confidence . therefore my conclusion on ... they say that istp's are very reserved , but in what sense ? i'm reserved hiding my opinions , feelings , emotions ... etc . and i find it very hard to share it and i think i will never be able to share ... nervousness is due to anxiety , so if you're nervous , you lack confidence explain clone of you why ? i'm thinking to take some mma also . right now i am doing acting classes , gym all weeks and sometimes swimming . - - - i notice that the more sports i do , or travel , or ... often its said that istp's enjoy extreme sports but ... the only sport i do is swimming and bodybuilding ... is this a myth that istp's enjoy ex . sport then ? i find it amusing watching people sometimes . before i use to enjoy parties and dance and all that crap , now either i avoid it or sometimes i go for a walk around the nightclubs and stare at people ... my usual dates are : 1 . tell the girl to meet somwhere near my place . 2 . go directly to my home and have some drink or smoke some hookah . if she feel its very hardcore then will go for a ... i've been watching few interviews of some istps like kristen stewart and most of the times she appears nervous . and i thought istp's are confident and good , but seems like inferior fe makes us ... i can't stop fantasizing on being millionare in order to achieve freedom and not depend on anyone or any society . whats your take on wealth ? you like money ? until what point ? are istps usually ... true . thanks everyone thing is that sometimes when i don't keep myself busy i start to compare myself to others , specially to guys who have a lot of friends and this strikes me back ! i've always been a person who avoids conflicts , i don't know if it is because of fear or because i really don't like it at all ( how to tell the difference ? ) therefore , when a friend does something ... but i can't be working all the day . see i go to the gym and acting classes mostly everyday . rest of the day i am on the pc passing out watching movies ... can't do nothing else mrb how is going to the restaurant or beach alone different from mastering a language or a sport for example ? if i dont do none of this , how would i relax ? i cant be 24/7 working on my ... w why sanjay dutt is istp ? hi . i find it easy to talk with strangers and make friends , problem is to keep up with them : - answering texts messages - doing the small talk - bad humour for my taste - lack of bluntness ... use my army to set the peace and kill those who don't until peace is restored with the help of the future goverment of that country , and of course getting some interest / assets / money for helping them . maybe you got fat after marriage , like most women do . i go to the university , i study , i go to the gym , i go to acting classes , i party sometimes , sometimes i go alone to the cinema , or to a restaurant , or museum but ... but still , i have a lot of ... cinnamon what enneagram are you ? hornet why should i figure my enneagram ? i definatly know that i am 6w5 , but i dont know how this relates ... i bought a kindle few weeks ago , and i don't read at all . i fall asleep when reading . this is not for me ! seriously man , i feel it . worst thing is i have been offered to work as a bouncer due to my appereance . how crazy is this lol today i was waiting in the cue of the grocery store to pay my groceries . suddenly a skinny guy comes and cuts in . sometimes i dont have any fear , but sometimes anxiety and fear of conflict kicks ... i envy you guys , srsly . also , one thing that confuses me is that you have sooo many states that its hard to choose one , and all of them look alike . sorry i had to put it im pretty confused . why if he would have though about every line he wouldnt be able to paint ? also , if he didn't thought , how come it wasn't ramdom ? also , what do you mean to find an action ... i am from europe and i love the united states of america . for few reasons : people seem to be nice , open and chill you can live in the woods or in the city , theres a lot of contrast and variety ... '