' i haven't a clue ! i'm just trying to understand her a little better--i still suck at typing people ... and let the typing began ! - she's very sweet , but also very confrontational--not afraid of voicing opinion . - ... worst genre ever tbh . that's just sad--some people simply just suck no matter how hard you try . if you have tried to talk to him numerous times and he just ain't having it , then i do think it's just best to drop him--at ... if that's the case , you need to tell him what you just told me . he might be upset with you , but at least he'll know what type of person she is or that he has no chance with her . her behavior is ... i honestly do not think he is intentionally trying to hurt you--and i agree with him ... you are over-thinking things . perhaps he never told you about the girl because he thought she was not a good ... err ... i am confused . how did you come to the conclusion that she likes you romantically ? unless either your friend or his girlfriend said anything , i really do not understand how you came to this ...  and my beautiful docs ... meh , don't really care if some of you agree with me or not . musical notes are basically lyrics to me . i think it's rather dumb to ask an inane question though , based on your interests and asking if ... i did read it and my statement still stands . don't ask questions you don't want the answer to . poetry is poetry--regardless if it's music or not . if you don't like it , then you obviously most not ... to answer your question : yes . if you don't like poetry than you must hate music too . anyone who hates music is an idiot to me . just tellin ' it like it is sista ' . anyone else love drinking some good ole tea ? i'm looking to try some new flavors . you know you're an intp when you've been telling yourself to clean your room for a few weeks , but you keep putting off for later . and when you eventually decide to clean it , the cleaning supplies ... ^ ^ the thing is , i've been an intp this entire time until i started to doubt it around the end of last year . otherwise , i've always typed myself as an intp . i think i started to doubt it since my ... and now i'm back where i started from ... cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 19 ) limited use introverted sensing ( si ) ... i've stopped reading the books past book three , but can't they get drunk from it ? you've been extremely helpful btw and i agree with you . i think i was focusing too much on one aspect of my life instead of the whole shebang . so i asked my mom instead since she knows me better than ... yea ... i started a new job today and i'm kinda doubting that i'm secretive . i think i'm just secretive about my emotions . if i like people i never shut up . i got in trouble in school all the time for ... their primary goal is to find out their meaning in life . what is their purpose ? how can they best serve humanity in their lives ? they are idealists and perfectionists , who drive themselves hard in ... what am i thinking ? i'm totes not a feeler ! ahaha , i wonder what the hell i've been smoking these past few days . i think the problem is that most people think inxtx have to act a certain way . i ... ^ ^ ^ i probably scanned your post because i noticed anna karina ! isn't she lovely ? her face is so divine--but leslie caron's physical features are perfection . i'm gonna ' read up on isfp ; you all ... ^ ^ i'm a perfectionist and control freak--and i can be very ... assertive a lot of the time . i have this motto that i need to put people in their place who i think are trying to boss me around . i'm ... dude , those are the kind of people that you avoid ! i kinda disagree . i do not think i am an isxx , etc . since i have problems paying attention to details ; i make my plans based on the goal--how i get there isn't all that important to me . recently i ... what i love doing ... ? i really love photography , music and fashion , usually . i like putting together outfits , etc . i also love going to see live music ( i listen to underground stuff ) for the ... ^ ^ ugly and big ? :( ! ? i'll probably tell the elephant all my secrets and go on adventures with it ; if i'm daydreaming i'll probably day-dream about conquering villages and them worshiping me and my ... have you ever seen adventure time on cartoon network ? everything that happens in that animation is pretty much what i would have wrote--everything . my thinking process is that ridiculous . the whole ... yea ... i thought i was an istp for some time as well . i change my mind a lot . deep conversations ... it depends with who . i usually blab on and on about random things that are completely irrelevant . i ... well , i think i should at least be an xxxp because of how unsure and indecisive i can be . i think this would be easier to figure out if everyone just asks me questions because i really do hate ... amon 91 that's the worst advice that i've ever heard . i don't get why some of you extroverts think we like to isolate ourselves , we do it for the enjoyment . just like how you need a bunch of people ... joining in : blushed : hobbies : taking photos ( both dslr and slr--i love my school's darkroom ! ) , drawing , ceramics , hand-building ( ceramics ) , painting , reading , gardening , baking , collecting older ... what's your story ? haha , i'm curious ... what are some of your tips ? things that you learned and things that you hated ? i need to survive this for two years :( margaret atwood , shirley jackson , murakami , samantha hunt , etc . 7w8 10char anthropology . meh . i do not have cornrows ... my hair was in a bun x . x ; strangers tell me that i should smile ... my mother often says that this is my dream job ... and it is ... :/ i've been an atheist since i was fourteen . my mom and brother are enfjs ... for the most part , we get along very well . my mom is like my best friend , tbqh and my brother is very important to me . we get along , minus every now and then ... i usually avoid people and spend quality time on my own . maybe go for walks or go exploring . number one is that i change my appearance in some way or another . maybe my hair or something . or i change ... probably never and i'm ok with that . i don't do weed , but i don't have a problem if other people do . i hate anime / cartoons and animations . interests have little to do with personality type . you can't have both borderline personality disorder and bipolar ; it's either or . anxiety and depression are a part of bipolar disorde / bpd , so i don't know why you have separate diagnosis . and bpd is ... i couldn't careless about my type . i take this mumbo jumbo just as seriously as i take horoscopes . i have seen people trying to act like their type online , which is irritating . mbti is nothing but a ... it's simple , just tell them . problem solved . german , microeconomics and math . i hate parties . are you sure she's an intj ? '