' yes and immediately said no . just too much attention to detail , paperwork that i do not enjoy and too much memorization . i am aware about some components of finance and we do not have a finance course in hs . purely my research . but i am taking ap economics . i have enjoyed economics and statistics and can deal with some ... hello there , i've read some threads here and there about entps not being satisfied with their jobs . i am just questioning if i am chasing the paycheque and if i should it and balancing satisfaction ... fluent in russian , vietnamese and english . english has largest vocabulary for me ( because i researched a lot in english ) and russian comprehension-wise ( i . e . how fast i process things ) studied ... i looked up the definition on many websites . that's generally the definition . i would not deny that it's a very vague thing . i also pointed out in my original post that the term having a culture is ... culture is defined as a set of beliefs , arts etc etc in a group / society . if you were to be a singular example of that culture you wouldn't be considered a culture . let's say i was the only ... folks are complaining about having a weird holiday season and money issues . just got back from russia and , oh boy , it wasn't the most pleasant holiday season for them either . ( check the ... lol , i was always forced by circumstances to learn many languages . fluent in english , vietnamese and russian . ( a very global range , eh ? ) had 4 years of german ( feels like 2 ) , 1 year of latin and ... so there i was , a vietnamese kid born in moscow . my family came from poor-ass ( not that it's still isn't ) vietnam , through being sent to study in slavic countries and ended up in moscow . i was a ... i think you ( you and like slow disappearing ) folks are misinterpreting personal identity and culture . what you are describing is personal identity , that was influenced by culture . culture is on a ... technically we do have a human culture . ( nations have similar traits due to biological similarities etc ) but in this case we're talking about not fitting into variations of human culture . i ... interestingly enough , music and other aesthetic pieces of art can be very touching . in case of music , i do feel emotions while listening to them . many of modern compositions played on a classical ... black sabbath : intj ? quite cynical and dark , but gives the vibe of holding onto something passionately . ( fi ) it would have to depend on their world . i mean abandoning my known ones is a pure question of preference and i don't have much to lose at this point in life . do they have entertainment ? is it ... i have no idea what everyone is talking about . this sounds like an entp stereotype of being a more n version of estp i used to fear thrill rides a lot , still kinda do . i don't like doing ... although if we talked about morals and ethics , i would hold position of a non-cognitivist , putting all categorical imperatives under moral dilemmas and be consequentialist / utilitarian . but i do ... your personality type : adventurer your carefree and creative spirit makes you the adventurer . you are not interested in following society's dictates - you prefer to think for yourself . while ... um , i say no . although entps vary , some more sociable some more analytical , generally ntps are the most logical . a good comparison is this : ntjs = empirical evidence = enough . ( also their ni ... deontology is good as a motivational source , sounds nice , buuut breaks down like most ( if not the most ) in ethical dilemmas . too much room to bend the rules . in order to make it more valid the ... from what i get here is that you see vices everywhere , done without remorse . you wish the world was better and in frustration question if dictatorship , ethical exploit and violence may bring to your ... well apparently i'm an alien , because i have boxes that are connected with wires and electronic doors that may open automatically or manually . not to mention sometimes the wires are tangled or ... 1 brother , 1 sister twins that don't look exactly the same . 9 year gap , i'm oldest . not much of a role really , i do my own stuff and sometimes hang out with them . my brother seems to take me as a ... related . it's kind of fun how people say you like that experience and kind of force it on yourself . you don't hear that much from people here ( as everyone tries to live up to the stereotype to some ... hmm i guess not progressive . lots of bad results from worshiping certain virtues in an incorrect way . wisdom is sought through rope learning , social stability through peer pressure , success through ... how thick is your accent compared to others ? also how flexible is it in terms of adapting to your surroundings ? let's see , i'm vietnamese and i have no accent in russian ( native speaker ) , i speak ... agree . big parties tend to attract not very bright people or those whom i don't enjoy meeting or both . but of course it depends on the host and his social circle . but then usually the hosts i ... extremely . anything that is physically harming i will be afraid of . ( i'd say in quite excessive amount , compared to others , so not just survival instict ) this also includes post-effects of horror ... imagine , things in the world have to be done with games . what game would you choose as the main platform ? i'm not going to define / restrict the usage of games completely . in other words , you may ... i cannot deny that i was butthurt and venting . the way i did it was trying to come up with points and just bash it . so i came up with points , i sorta rationalized them and mainly bashed it . not much ... perhaps we all start out as newbs going : am i an entp , i or e etc . that's pretty common due to skepticism and perhaps trying to grab an indentity in typology . sure a lot of people a guilty of it ... i like sports . somewhat athletic . ( as in i don't have a six pack or giant chest , but my arms and shoulders are in pretty developed and i don't really have fat other than a little bit on the lower ... he's trying to explain something , starts defining it and before he attempts to prove that definition ( like any gentleman would ) i stop him with : yeah , obviously , of course , yeah , common ... lots of rereading , lots of questioning then forgetting why i questioned it . creating arguments and then forgetting them only to attempt that again . honestly reading formal philosophy is very hard for ... let's talk realitically and not * yay so kewl , viva la revolucion ! * depends on what we're fighting for and how much it affects me . is it pure totalitarianism and injustice or just a minor change in ... fate has a good sense of humor ... to put mere peasants as the exclusive group , such impudence ! not only these plebeans not appreciate out teachings of wisdom and guidance , but they also have the ... if you play quidditch , fight to the death or any game from it . or you could always poke each other with sticks . imagine , everything in world has to be done with games . what game would you choose as the main platform ? i'm not going to define / restrict the usage of games completely . in other words , you may ... i have to agree with gifted children don't fit into the standard education system . first of all , if your country had schools that had a ranking and you're gifted , you probably didn't go to a low ... very situational morals , kinda consequentialist if driven to extremes . though i do like arguing from non-cognitivist standpoint , specifically moral nihilistic . there are 3 main values that i ... never really was an animal person . well i was all hype about a hampster when i was 7 ... a week later i fed up with him and gave him away . good times . too much of a hassle to keep one , to play ... i still buy nerf guns from time to time , force my little siblings to play it with me and go nuts for new lego ... i don't like physically self-depricating humor in general ( especially in front of ... libra , 23rd september . is this a thread to bash fi ? because i'm all in to jump on the bandwagon xd but if you really just tried to use mendeleev's periodic table and merge it with cognitive functions , it's been done ... 1 ) yes , in fact there was a thread a while ago where i believe every entp stated that . 2 ) i usually get distracted . actually i suffer in pain and agony , then go oooh , shiny . usually when it ... certainly it seems like a decent amount of people consistently relate to this here . gifted people are really left on their own to evolve themselves . ( except for maybe private education ) if it's a ... certainly it seems like a decent amount of people consistently relate to this here . i think this needs much more attention and in general the education system needs to adjust better to people with ... how many languages can you speak / have you learned ? 4 and 1/4 i'm fluent in russian , english , vietnamese and studied german for 4 years . also had 1 year of latin do you like learning languages ? ... i don't know anyone that's into mbti / socionics / cognitive functions . but i did introduce a friend to it and he seems to be enjoying reading about it from time to time . ( in a terribly non-technical ... hmm i enjoy those anime waifu types , but i'm sure it's too damn unrealistic . ;( but if i think about it realistically : - values me a lot / devoted to me , but can give out criticizm etc - always ... define mature and balanced plz . but assuming we're talking about the general concept in our society * cough * full of sj tryhards * cough * : - stronger si / j to get our shit done - stronger fe ... '