' yeah , we don't fight very often , and when we do it's usually quick and dirty then we're both cool about it and move on . or just suddenly look at each other and say what the hell are we fighting ... i am with an istp . we have an awesome relationship , but when we fight it's pretty scary , lol . both yellers and both of us like to be right . :-) i don't have any solid advice to be honest , but i will say that relationships work best for me when i am with someone who has tenacity . one of my close entp girlfriends also agrees . in the 10 months ... i don't actually nag him , it's counterproductive . if he says he is going to do something i give him the space to do it - - but it can be a few days or a week before he gets to it . as we live together ... oh this is all helpful ! it turns out he just needed to do it in his own mind by working out the how and when . when i got home the other night he had a buddy over for beer and they moved all the ... okay ... i just need some advice or insight even . my partner is an istp and i just moved in with him ( into his house ) this weekend . for what it is worth ... i never brought it up , it was his idea , ... yes , maybe so . i would even venture to say that his heart is a whole lot warmer than mine ! i am prone to being a bit of an ass . : blushed : the nice thing is that he is well-developed enough to ... maybe i have found a well-developed istp but my boyfriend does not have a cold heart at all . he is kind and generous - - he's just not given to expressing such things in words . yup . and once i dismiss someone - - i can act like they don't even exist ! people hate that . i've also learned that people hate being called out and i have no qualms about doing that - - most people i ... well , that is unfortunate . i hadn't heard this before and i worked it out on paper and came up with the answer : german . you can believe me or not - - i really don't give a crap . i know i figured it ... an artist friend of mine ( intp ) summed up that one really well for me : innovative or creative people have to have an ego - - in essence they have to strongly believe that what they are doing is of ... i can really relate to this point . i also think that reaction can sometimes have to do with the level of depth we can go to in analysing what we are seeing or intuiting . my istp boyfriend , always ... and , so what ? i have never told anyone otherwise - - i am at least honest about it and men know up front what they are getting into . i stayed single most of my life because of that , and have recently ... and i really dislike when people speak in the we . talk about qualities that drive me crazy . yooou're ... um , awesome . ha . i have feared living an average life more than anything else my whole life . as i get older i wonder if that way of thinking wasn't really just a waste of my life and time . all of my friends who do ... where i disagree is that gaining someone else's respect is such a subjective venture that it is not necessarily possible to gain it even if you want it . as long as i have self-respect and self-love ... i just want to add to the roar of responses that as an entp , people either love me or hate me . i never seem to find much of a happy medium on that front . i am always willing to say what others won't ... hmmm . i don't think enfps are tactful at all . just my experience . hi calysco : i have been in a relationship with an istp for about 6 months . we are really happy together , but i will say that we have had some fairly large mountains to climb with respect to our ... my need to yackkity yack always gets me into trouble or least embarrassing moments . my last boyfriend hated that about me ( privacy privacy ) and my recent boyfriend pretends to groan but i know that ... we are just of the hard and crusty type of snowflakes . : laughing : yup . i read your four types of entp . enjoyed that post a whole lot . really interesting analysis of the type . would you mind posting those again if you have time ? would love to read them again . if i ... geez . a shitload of stuff . for starters , i am continually trying to work on thinking before speaking rather than blurting out my intuitions , opinions and thoughts without considering how they may ... i might fall hard , but i am damn picky about who . my experience with nfs is they absolutely do want repayments and kickbacks . they just don't say or admit that they do , and then get angry at you when suddenly you don't behave according to their ... not sure about istp and enfp , but i am an entp , and am having an amazing relationship with an istp . best match i've ever had . it was a rough ride the first month - - i think it might have been the s ... i like it . : happy : and what do you know exactly ? are you suggesting that entps only think about themselves ? again , i call bullshit on that one . entps do give a lot of themselves to others ( often in the form of observations , problem solving , ... if i like someone , i tell them - - especially when they don't ask me . i tell my istp boyfriend all the time how much i like him . i need to tell . i like to tell . i like to say things out loud . what i ... i like to say what i mean , and mean what i say , damn it . : tongue : [ / b ] i totally agree with this point , but over the years i have been more willing to ask for support from people i really trust ... though f folks are not usually my first choice because in my ... give me frickin ' break , will ya ? entps are constantly learning and growing as individuals . we may be more interested in our own self growth over others , but to say that we think we don't need to ... yeah , i stayed single for a really long time out of choice . i liked focusing on the interests , work and friends that really engaged me - - i didn't want to bother with relationships because it ... awww , but i like it in there . : tongue : you got her there ! entps don't read fine print . : blushed : i don't need to justify . i just do . : laughing : well , that is unfortunate . when i really like someone i am usually interested in being monogamous , so i don't get distracted by other interests and can really get to know if the person is a good fit ... 1 . ) unethical : what the fuck ? i am never quite sure about this one . unorthodox , but not unethical . rude , yes , but not unethical . badass , yes , but not unethical . 2 . ) joker : absofuckinglutely ! 3 . ) ... it is all for something good ... i raise money for the arts and for children . i could very easily use my powers for evil - - and have done so in the past . would have been a damn good criminal lawyer , ... i would lose my head if it wasn't attached . i lose my keys , phone , books , mittens , scarves ... you name it . let's see what are the jobs i have done ... hairstylist for 7 years ( loved the creativity and technical aspects but hated that people told me all their problems . blech ) visual artist ( i've been ... yup . i can , but it takes an awful lot for me to get there . someone has to really be annoying the hell out of me for a long time before i go crazy emotional on their ass . i much prefer having sex in a committed relationship , but as an entp woman those have been few and far between , unfortunately . i'm a bit too intense for the average male i am afraid , so , i definitely ... grumpy ? hell , no . i'm rarely ever grumpy , but when i am , get the hell out of my way . : tongue : i've been dating an istp for a couple of months and i am falling head over heels . it was rough at first with the n versus s - - but , i am totally digging this guy . the sex is absolutely spectacular , ... welcome entps ! this is why at work i have a journal that sits on my desk where i can keep lists and not misplace them . ha . i love my job , but i have a lot of details that i need to worry about so lists ( as much as ... i am definitely in the camp of making blatantly sexual comments that freak people out . not sure if my sex drive is higher than other types , but i do think overall i've probably had a lot more ... '