' i thought you were a fucking 3w4 sx . hostility rings of freaking image types . that fucking narcissistic streak . instead you're one of my kind . this . although , i have my days . brb going on another website to circle-jerk to satisfy my ego . that's true . infj's values are more malleable in a way . it is why the the metaphor of a mirror holds true to infjs when it comes to understanding human interactions through the lens of perspectives ... i would just like to necro this thread to thank the op for shedding light on ni dominants through jcf . after delving obsessively into typology for around a year i have recently figured out what my ... that is funny . jung notes that fi doms , when they morph themselves into extremities such as in your case , they reject any ounce of feeling they have left and that is how the stereotype of the infp ... it was a process of elimination . the j / p axis has always been a factor which is blindly misleading to the general populace . finding my identity through my true type has never been my main ... dad : isfx 6w7 mom : isfj 2w1 lil bro : isfp 9w1 me : intj 5w4 it seems to me from pure neutral expressions alone those who value fi tend to look unapproachable by default , thus the rbfs criteria holds applicable to their general population . the raw fi in ntjs ... dear [ isfj ] [ mom ] please stop trying to conform me into your expectations of what a good son is like and please meddle off my business regarding my future . sincerely , your son who first seeks to ... i think it comes with introversion and that the characteristics and traits of highly sensitive persons do fit the criteria of being an introvert . as long as it does not interfere with reality on ... ^ lol dat rbfs phenomenon . well , from my experience , i fit the criteria of the resting bitchface syndrome society . it has repelled people off coupled with my seemingly arrogant vibe that i tend ... dominant fe and auxiliary fe users . i can spot their bullshit which clashes with my ti sometimes though . haven't met ne and aux ne users irl just yet . iirc does the premise of this thread explain the projection of the demonic personality complex archetype in the bebee model ? ixtp's might become very envious and resentful at people seen as morally ... it depends on each individual intps . we are generally minimalists to the core , though . as most ns , especially ones with si . i find silly , absurd things like this hlarious . this guy was thought to be a troll . but he's doing it for a different reason . there has been a recent news stating that a space shuttle , has just landed on an unbeknownst land to man . the land itself could be described as a form of a highly polished temple , located at the ... us intps tend to excessively doubt our own reasonings and our selves that it gets to the point of depression . not to mention inferior fe is always ready to latch onto us when things get too much . ... ^ dis . compare and contrast skills in video games which requires you to delve into the mechanics to get a slight advantage in terms of what or who you're dealing with , in real time . i have done ... when you are able to sense the ambiance of a given atmosphere depending on its context . i would say , i can only evaluate the ambiance in its most simplistic feeling tones in contrast to say , an ... when you're too busy in your head to notice a double post . hahaha . it was mainly a response to my own personal experience of being afflicted with social anxiety for almost half of my life and me responding to you in a tongue-in-cheek manner . as intps , we ... i relate to this a lot . i suggest you read the beebee model if you haven't . it states how a dominant thinker would mistake him / herself as an emotional feeler . there are a lot of overlapping ... should i take this at face value or instert an involuntary emotional response ? > my 5w4 > to ti e-type to mbti correlation . i am not one to believe that any mbti type can be attributed to any e-type . it just does not make sense . there are exceptions of course . > i have ... if anything , from what i have concluded after i have discovered myself to be an intj - - - the real intjs under the grip of tertiary fi - - its ' users would be too focused on the purity of one's ... you sound like a catch . keep at it ! : wink : now i'm going in hibernation mode . toodles ~ : laughing : she doesn't have to look like a model . as long as she's attractive to me , able to match me physically ( in bed ) , intellectually and emotionally . i look for intensity and depth in a real relationship ... it's late here . but i'd just like to chip in . well , i dropped out of high school at the age of 16 . afterwards , i'd lived in isolation for pretty much a good number of years . sure , i was a loser to ... can i change my previous request to translucent ? care to type me ? well , i am in no way experienced when it comes to the man hair up there . i was even unaware of the term , i had to google it . it came out with this : ... you look clean cut / shaven . you have good skin complexion as well . that's good bro . excuse me ? congrats ! what the other infjs have shown in this thread , is their fe / ti pair . if what you merely see , is perceived to be a personal attack out of our higher-than-thou holy attitude , then you have definitely ... the way i see it , no one can fix anyone , period . by you choosing not to interact with the person in question , a path will be enlightened , and the universe itself ; brings about a multitude of events , ... hmm ... this is why tests are bs . people are prone to perception bias especially when they have dabbled on the cognitive functions . other biases such as the predominantly inherent s / n ridicule could ... please post your whole results for the cognitive function test . bolded : that would indicate the use of your dominant se . italicised : i suggest you don't delve into generalisations ...  has it ever occurred to you that , you , yourself are possibly unhealthy ? it's quite clear that you wouldn't be making these threads and will try to move on , if you were emotionally stable and healthy ... i had to : let me google that for you i was going to sum up an argument to spot the logical fallacy , then i found this : mindblown . introvert problems :  ... 139833 dat you ? all joking aside : could i change mine to tentative transitoire ? thank you . i agree with this . instead of delving deeper into your inner vortex and succumbing to addictions to mask the pain . delve into your pain . start loving yourself by doing this . don't think otherwise . ... this . haha ! oh wow . makes me wonder the relevance between your perfectionistic tendency in becoming pedantic about grammar and punctuations and how such tendency would manifest in a e-type 1 . what ... are personal attacks justified ? if so , i'm sure you've provided yourself with enough data and variables through consistent and rigorous logical experimentation , consisting of both that carrot that ... ideal you real you introversion | | 53 % | | 53 % extroversion | | 53 % | | 56 % intuitive 73 % | | ... my mistake . let me edit my previous post . i'm assuming you are still pertaining to your original idea and making associations on how an enneatype 1 would manifest itself in real time interactions , ... i'm assuming he is still pertaining to his original idea and making associations on how an enneatype 1 would manifest itself in real time interactions , externally , based on general observations of ... '