' that's cute . how is it now , 2 months later ? i go for depth more than breadth usually . i go for what i like and end up in the most hipsterish unheard of places . the internet's a good tool for that . actually there are theories trying to describe this process , but i already kind of made this post into a psychology lecture , and this would be too much . i do not contradict myself there at ... i think some aspects of us are more static than others . i also believe you are what you do - ie , if you act a certain way it is indicative of who you are . of course , intentions , and the reasons for ... i love it , and i do it to others as well , it's sort of how i show caring as well as get a better understanding of who that person is , and get to test out my own ideas along the way . i've been trying ... i'd change it to the infp mind is focused on not hurting anyone , so as to avoid guilt . if you put it with some water and heat it up perhaps in the microwave it'll taste just like new . i do that with pita bread that i freeze , and with a tablespoon or two of water in a covered pan , and ... can't relate . it's hard to read too much into this situation as clearly there's waaay more history to how you and her got to this position than what's been said in this thread . all i know is ... yeah i was bullied plenty , especially in high school because there was this one kid who was pretty fucked up in the head , while i was following the misguided notion that being good means i should ... but muh safe space ! you can change all the time . when things are on a scale , and you're part of the very large amount of people who fall close to the middle of the scale , tiny differences in how you answer when ... rip yup , i care a lot . any attempt to eliminate not caring - as i saw it as problematic and limiting , has failed . there is no way to not actually care about what other people think of you , and i think ... well you can try this discord channel that a lot of percers are on - including infps : [ link removed ] i've been focusing on this aspect the most , recently . i definitely attempt to have my actions in alignment with my thoughts and most importantly , feelings . it helps to view any infraction from that ... as have already been said - forgiveness comes easy enough when you realize everyone operates on their own sense of truth , which is different than yours . one problem that arises out of understanding ... true neutral . yeah that sounds about right . true neutral - a true neutral character does what seems to be a good idea . he doesn't feel strongly one way or the other when it comes to good vs . evil ... i'm not usually one to recommend such a thing but i'm with coburn at least in certain aspects . i think she needs to understand what she is doing is infact not ok - to learn to respect you , or ... that is exactly why more scientific methods of personality tests like the big five just point out to individual traits on a scale , sure it doesn't give u a nice label to put people in , but it ... when you look at standalone functions you often see how they don't coincide with mbti's supposed alignment of them in the different types . i wish people would give up on trying to explain things with ... yeah makes a lot of sense . i've been struggling with the cause for that exact thing yesterday when i told my house mate off for using too much electricity and then ended up regretting it thinking ... it becomes a problem when people use typology as if it can explain everything in a way that is valid and objective . you see a lot of people around these parts doing so and remain completely convinced ... i don't think i'm indecisive . wait maybe i am ? nah . ok i am . for realz though , i'm p to the max , it also shows in big five's conscientiousness where i think i broke out of the 0-100 scale and went ... people have different ideals in mind when it comes to the perfect partner , and all too often even if that ideal could be real and could actually want you - it might turn out to be far from ideal ... i don't think it's ironic at all . balancing those two out ( how you handle your output vs how you handle input ) is a task every adult needs to somehow deal with it and take an individual stance on ... i'm just fine with opinionated ladies , infact i like it a lot , because it lets me bring out my own opinions out , which i love discussing . the problem is whether i get to discuss them or is it an ... i think it's very nice . i think important isn't the same as correct - as in correct that they should be there , alas they are there either way . when i feel something strongly , which i often do - it makes me feel that what i'm ... here's another unusual one : i've developed a liking for italo disco / hi-nrg when i started looking for old music , found plenty of old hidden gems , ... should be close enough : it used to be until i realized my fun was more avoiding hurt than actual fun . i've decided not to dedicate myself to that anymore and pursue something that will be more fulfilling than fun .  ... i think it's more about wanting to be on the same subjective level ( having similar beliefs , or coming to a in-between agreement ) rather than not understanding subjectivity . i find that intjs aren't ... now - i felt this way for most of my life , that i'm just fine on my own , until i found an environment where i felt appreciated - that changed how i perceive socialization . i think loneliness is the ... agreed . the standard definition of judgement is the ability to make considered decisions or come to sensible conclusions . - show me one person who thinks that the ability to do that is innately ... it is very hard to get your point across when you're trying to account for how other people might feel about it , and to find the proper words to use to convey your argument in the least rejectable ... i also found you to be pretty relatable . : rockon : and : brocoli : wait no , : welcome : back ! this is in the case that the authority cares about your perspective , which has rarely been my experience . i'm young and i've rarely been in an environment where i was given the opportunity to present ... not much . arguing against authority rarely helps , they have the power and you dig yourself into a deeper hole the more you argue . i'm rarely actually obedient though , which pisses certain authority ... i think the only real way to find out who you are is to go out , experience the world , and come to conclusions about yourself that will tell you who you are . who we are changes when we're placed in ... i think it's an attempt to make sense of reality with something akin to a religion . if there are beings running the simulation of reality , they laugh at these feeble attempts to explain it with a ... if it is there's many bugs in it . i really should take out the trash ... they often don't though , they prefer nice and dark quiet wall corners . i like them because they eat the things that tend to crawl into my grains or herbs . they are useful so i don't kill them . however my primal brain still doesn't really enjoy the idea of them being ... congratz ! i think the problem with phone calls is that they are the worst of communication options . unlike chat - it doesn't let you plan your response and take your time answering when you want to , so that's ... no , not really . i always liked more actiony games . remember that most people have certain reservations on getting close to you and warming up to you as well . you're not alone . think of the process as something that depends on both your wills to get ... i think 4s are stereotypically more into sad or dramatic sounding music . i am personally attracted to music that's full of rage or excitement , power inducing music ; something i like to call ... i don't know if we do . i do think what you described is a good explanation for why we will seek out music like that while other types won't , though . basically what i described as a strong effect ... '