' where do you usually congregate , hang out , ect ? i'm sorry , i just realized this was a duplicate . i dont know how to delete this . an esfp ! welcome and enjoy your stay at personality cafe . mine was pretty good . charlie's confessionals : i think organized religion is a sham i think that confessing to each other is awesome and an amazing experience that all should receive and enjoy especially on the forums ... i thought we were confessing to each other . my bad . ( it's fine . i got it but i threw it out there just in case ) ( idk , wasn't in it ) . it's so funny . you remind me so much of myself on here . ( i've been lurking across the forums and read your stuff ) . the first entp that somewhat resembles myself : shocked : lmao nope , don't remember shit . my adoptive mom basically took me from my real mom . ( they knew each other somehow ) . it ended up being three years before i was adopted . maybe . what age were you adopted at ? i was adopted at 3 . ( saying this is even funnier since i am adopted ) unless they are adopted ! then you can just ship them off to another foster home . people are so used to me being mean to them , that they don ; t know what to do when i do give a compliment and don't believe me . my opinions are never received very well and it seems that it would just ... oh i believe puberty is even worse . and all the hormones ! nahh , i think i would rather just have a dog . that way , if i did get tired of it , i could just give it away and there would be no prosecution . children over the age of two years scare me . i think i would be happier just having a dog ... i kill every relationship i get in just by my own stupidity . caffeine has no effect on my body . ... when i told someone they were hot , i just told him that i liked his face . he was also an entp and put me to shame with some elegant thought out compliment . my favorite compliment that i have told ... meaning you too also spend all day on the computer bored out of you mind ? although i'm extroverted , in some situations introverts talk more than me . staying on the internet being one of them . i am deeply interested in the macabre and i'm currently writing a story from ... thank you . ( i'm surprised you replied so fast . ) charlie's intense wtf stare in the middle ... wouldn't this be better if he was still on the site ? i find vin di carlo's very inaccurate and a complete waste of any male's time ... there is no way in hell that i wouldn't be able to see through those lousy tricks of a pick up artist . reading her ... 1 . we like to talk to each other ( if entps are the defective extroverts , infjs are the defective introverts ) 2 . we think a lot ... 3 . we have emotions ( entps lesser than infjs but still ... ) and is ... no ... you know you are an entp studied , got everything right in class , aced all the tests in class , was able to recite and have intelligent conversations on about the subject and still fail the ap ... when they are talking at the speed of sound , say wait ... what i meant was ... then try to explain what they said all while their brains are far down the road while they are trying to catch up . or ... i ... love ... nts why ? well it's not just because i am one but also because i love the rationality . it's good when you are able to talk to someone and they don't have a blasted fit over something ... 1 brother , 1 sister and i'm the youngest especiallywith my boyfriend ... i'm not sad tonight ... but typically the only things that make me sad are issues with my body and the fact that i can never be good enough for people , although i try to make everyone happy and listen ... hmm ... i think my fetish would be pain and piercings . i get a sudden rush off of people in pain , especially caused my me . i don't like it so much when the pain is reflected back to myself . ... agreed . the only reason why they annoy me is their love of arguing with me . otherwise , i think it would be fun to have an entp boyfriend . i've noticed that if an entp loves you , that they will do ... according to the zodiac , i figured that most entps would be fire signs . my conclusions were wrong . i think that birth month and mbti type have nothing in common . haruhi suzumiya ... my fav . joker is the essence of entp and i would like to say that hatter from the scifi version of alice is an entp . add dancing with strangers , doing the timewarp ( again ) , drinking myself to a laughing stupor , and chilling out , then you have me . the louder and bigger the crowd , the better . why reoccurs in my mind . i stay away from the what ifs because they are guilt laden and worry filled . it's what we have been going through in history and it reminded me of this . wait ... i see what you mean . sorry about that . basically i was going on about the over population bit . i confused the ... i'd say that we pull a china . then people would only be allowed to have one kid and cannot have , say 10 , just for the welfare . i agree on the urbanization , somewhat the immigration portion of the ... i'm in the same position , but i've learned that the sweet ones are the best . yea , you may have to put up with some sensitivity but sometimes it's really cute and good to know someone who feels . i like this plan . count me in . play around with him . don't : 1 ) . older than me 2 ) . more successful than me 3 ) . probably smarter than me ( or would at least have me believe so ) 4 ) . who has waaayyy more energy to burn than me ... dare i ask why they hate you ? sagittarius ... basically i was graced with one i can frequently misspell . :D and i even misspelled misspell . thank god for firefox . mall , on the computer , concerts , soon to be clubs , ... somewhere free . oh ... and wal * mart ... it's basically like the mall in my town :D i'll explain the whole christian comment before i feel persecuted once more . 1 . christianity is a chance to help others and become closer to god . the christian ethic is what i truly believe in . help ... the awesomeness maybe death is just when the soul is too tired to carry on . i feel depressed , don't think i act like it though . i'm just counting down the days until i'm rid of everything that has to deal with my home town and finally in a place where i can start over ... yea , i think i beat you in that area . don't know why but i'm addicted to this song : bad girl with good intentions ... enough said . '