' i've never thought of starting a dream journal . i've never really held any interest in dreams ; i forget them almost immediately and don't feel any worse for it . i've also been pretty weirded out ... so , recently i've been thinking of starting a journal to try to organize my thoughts a bit . maybe i won't spend so much time in my own thoughts . i'm not sure what to expect ; i have always been a bit ... i'm not entirely sure this question will make sense , but what do you feel is your best tool in connecting with people ? such as being able to easily sympathize or relate to people , or your honesty , ... oh man , a debate on religion based around a loaded question about atheism . always fun stuff . as for myself , i try to live by my own values . if that's not enough for god x or y than i can live ... yeah , i understand this fairly well as it's a bit of a problem for me as well . as for more questions : what are some things you do for recreation when you're alone , and what are some things you ... do you have any trouble expressing your emotions , and if so how do you manage anger / resentment in your daily life ? also , what are your top 3 favorite musicians / bands ? aaron - what's worse , thinking you're being paranoid or knowing you should be ? - - - aaron - is it safe ? abe - aaron , i can imagine no way in which this thing could be considered anywhere ... plastic beach is an album i can enjoy front to back , really great stuff . demon days also has some very nice tracks . city of god would be a lovely selection . i would love to watch that movie again . no . i rarely like to discuss myself , much less my personal feelings . i couldn't really nail down a specific reason why i dislike it so much , except that i have a problem relying on people or asking ... that's so gay i'm sorry ( for things that aren't my fault ) man up or any equivalent ( be a man , nut up , etc ) everything happens for a reason any kind of sweeping generalization . going to have to disagree . the stand and harry potter and the deathly hallows are , in my opinion , both great examples of good books with bad endings . not really sure i know how to answer that question . i obviously have nothing to compare it to , it's just who i am . i suppose a lot of the traits of isfj might be seen as typically feminine , but ... i don't know how to do them ... they are so mystifying ; someone please explain to me how mentions like work . eh , my crippling introversion isn't well suited to hanging out with the cool crowd . never has been . however , i would like to inquire as to your supposed delight at seeing an isfj male in the ... i was let in by mistake ... i think you need tighter security at the door . : unsure : dishonesty and disloyalty . i can usually maintain eye contact with close friends very well ( bordering on a somewhat weird stare ) but i will try not do this so much if i feel it makes them uncomfortable , as it does with a few ... i'm very put off by the idea of marriage ; not for me at all . on the other hand i feel ( now ) like i would very much like to have a child . but honestly it's too early to really be thinking much ... i've been told i have a very witty sense of humor , and around my close friends i am usually more silly than serious . however i would agree with the general trend of being very serious with an ... couldn't agree more . the self-flattery in the op is also quite astounding . they also use every diversionary tactic conceived to back up their completely bogus claim ( before the thread completely ... are you seeking a romantic relationship , or do you actually just want a friend you can connect with on a personal level ? with all kinds of pressure on people to seek sexual relationships , it seems ... what's this about teenagers comparing themselves with middle-aged adults ? i'm 21 and i still feel like an adolescent child , and rightfully so at times . : laughing : my favorite movie would probably be either goodfellas or reservoir dogs , though i'm not at all a violent person . : tongue : i find both battle royale and the hunger games to be good stories with absolutely horrible endings . as for typing katniss , i would agree with the istp predictions people have made . harry potter : ronald weasley winne-the-pooh : piglet dragon ball z : krillin are you cautious ? fast ? very cautious . do you follow the speed limit exactly ? i follow speed limits very closely , i would absolutely hate to get a ticket . are you likely to cut people ... oh man , how did i forget jeremy ? classic example . here's another very popular example . i find tri types and wings to be too confusing . i can see parts of 2 ' s , 6 ' s , and 9 ' s in myself . i realize the title might be misleading , but i honestly couldn't think of a different one . i've always found it interesting when songs about such taboo subjects as pedophilia , stalking , and incest ... in spam world , everyone is a proud woman . : cool : congrats , now you can go ( legally ) drink some awful stuff and then throw it up if you happen to drink too much . wooo ! that's really my whole problem ; the stimulus never really goes away , as you put it . if a friend does something that irritates me i might dwell on it for a bit and then forget about it . then if at ... yes , i was aware . i'm not even sure what to classify adele or lana del rey , but it's not usually my cup of tea . : wink : you've got me disappointed all over again . i enjoyed the first ; the second and third ... not so much . i'm currently reading the second artemis fowl . not sure how i feel about them right now ... not really my style ( i especially loathe dubstep ) , but i'll support anything that takes attention off lady gaga . in my opinion symbiotic powers are more interesting , and gives way to more plot development later on in the story . a perfect example would be venom from the spider-man universe . mmmm . ekac . i have yet to really explode from keeping so many feelings to myself , but i'm becoming increasingly worried that i might . i understand what you mean about not knowing whether their concern is ... i seem to have this problem whenever i am faced with a confrontation or hurt feelings . i don't bring it up , i just try to push it away and forget about it . i'm aware this is by far the healthiest way ... that's funny , i also find myself having conversations with imaginary versions of people i know . maybe this is somewhat common ? i'm also completely obsessive so if an idea or song grabs me i'll be ... i'd like to add something to this , but this post pretty much sums everything i could have said about myself . i'd say time and honesty really are the biggest components to getting us to open up . yes , i view everyone as real in the literal sense . but there is also a large gap present that isn't there in real discussions and relationships . it's completely non-threatening ; i can just ... i can provide some small examples from my limited experience on the matter . when i have had an interest in a girl i've caught myself : - remembering small details about them , or things they've ... i don't get any satisfaction at all from either , but if you held a gun to my head i guess i'd have to pick masochism . i always imagined fucks to be more ... impressive looking . isfj enneagram 9w1 ( maybe , haven't looked too much into it ) kind caring punctual silent boring may not reflect on any certain type . i find myself to be very much a creature of habit . i am really bothered if plans are changed , or ( even worse ) things happen completely unexpectedly . i've never been in a physical confrontation . i'd have to be all kinds of pissed off to want to fight somebody . i don't watch a whole lot of television . the walking dead is the only show i go out of my way and plan to watch . however , i also enjoy how i met your mother , the colbert report , and sons of ... hmm , i can't tell for sure but it looks like that puzzle might have multiple solutions . at the moment i think you get at least 1/2 to 2/3 of a prop . '