 we live in a time where hordes of people hide behind a stream of photons , scrolling through the opinions , fascinations and achievements of others . short-term fulfillment and personal gain is the ... the archetypes and the collective unconscious - c . g . jung both . remember , this person doesn't have any control over you , even if they feel they do . they really don't , and perhaps that is what bugs them the most . i understand the type you're describing , even if ... sometimes when we think of the past it is bittersweet . if this is something that you cannot turn off then it's real to some degree . infjs tend to establish a soul connection with people easily . for ... high : alone time and the benefits that come with it . low : realizing how many people in my life tune out my existence until they need something from me . telekinesis . if you intuitively recognize that this is a person who spreads negativity in their wake , then i don't see how it's rude . unfortunately it may be interpreted that way by those who don't see what you ... thanks for the in-depth in response . i tried lamictal for a while and i found it didn't do much for me , however i was taking it while also taking seroquel xr . since prior to christmas i've been ... you're right . none of these medication instilled bipolar in me as i had constant mood swings for my entire life , even prior to ssris , though i didn't recognize that as a child . i took ssris only for ... you're very welcome . i feel i can relate to your posts more than most that i read on this website . i suspect we had a very similar adolescence period and experienced a lot of the same things ... death note , inuyasha , claymore , rurouni kenshin and dbz . i know that i'm forgetting a few , but i tend to usually enjoy darker anime with melancholic vibes the most . the power of now and a new earth by echkart tolle if you're into spirituality and maintaining inner peace , and just about anything by graham hancock if you're into complex mysteries and ancient ... in my opinion this is somewhat subjective and depends on the variations of the types you surround yourself with . there are certain types who resonate with the operating systems of other types better ... i've met two types of isfps . the isfp who appreciates aesthetics and sensations and is positive , friendly and perceptive , and then the isfp who lives on the edge , giving in to their five senses and ... you appear positive and inspiring . your name and profile picture seem evident of this . :) i spent most of christmas around family . despite the good vibes i felt kind of sad and distanced at times . i suspect this was due to the onslaught of materialism i was witnessing on social media and ... in my opinion you sound like an infj , but i'll try my best to help . despite how often the two are mixed up , they are both different and it's clear to see if you are very familiar with the cognitive ... i was diagnosed with add as a child , around 13 years old , and this was because i wasn't interested in what i was being taught in school and i couldn't sit still , so the teacher claims . i was put on a ... be completely authentic . having empathetic tendencies and compassion for others is big , and don't be afraid to express emotion . also , for me personally , meeting eye to eye on interests , world views ... i often neglect to remember , for whatever the reason , how much daily anxiety and self-hatred i felt for my own strange and eccentric nature . i practically spent most days sprawled across my bed ... you know you're an infj when you can simultaneously recognize a person's outer persona as well as what is underneath that . o / 453890 i don't tell people straight up that i'm an infj unless i get the sense that they would be interested in psychology . i tend to understand boundaries well so it's not like me to just announce my ... the door slam , while climactic and appearing to be dramatic is sometimes necessary . of course , we think a lot about it before doing so . we determine what the future may look like and get a good ... ultimately the answer would be love , but i really admire compassion and modesty . thank you . well-articulated . do you find that if you think of yourself 5-10 years ago , that you had a deep understanding of many of the things you're saying in this thread now ? sometimes i go back and read journal entries and ... i ask myself questions like that all of the time . me and my fe-infj friend always ask if this is a simulation , if perhaps we are the only planet with life , and we just end up clashing with the ... i get the same thing . it will dawn on me in my mind that even hinting that i have more of a wide range of knowledge would sound grandiose or pretentious if i spoke the words , and so i scramble to ... i found this a hard question to reply to , because i honestly don't exactly know how i feel . when i was younger i found the idea of romance to be the greatest thing in the universe , but this was ... thanks ! i would say that i'm prone to replying in the same fashion for sure . i end up getting caught up in arguments sometimes because of it , and i sometimes end up feeling like the other person ... well , here goes . 375026 3750 34 dreamworlds underneath starry scintillate skies along valleys of umbrose moonshy ridges through forests diverged by oaken wood he drifts , following them blindly sweet is the serenade from ... these descriptions match myself and my infj friend very well : infj subtypes : intuitive ni-infjs and ethical fe-infjs thank you all for your replies . i feel a little less isolated now and it's clear that there are a fair amount of us in the world . perhaps i should have worded my original post a little better . i agree so much it's not even funny . i could have written those two paragraphs word for word . depends if the infj is in their shadow / stress type , but i tend to want to hug all of the infjs i know . also , sverker , perhaps you jive better with either ni or fe subtype infjs ? check out the ... i don't hold any disdain towards fi at all , in fact , i very much value their views . it's strange to view two people with fi and fe in the same room , though , as conflict can easily arise at times ... indeed . on one hand people do get a lot of what i say , but only if i use ti properly , on the other hand i sense that a lot of people don't get it at all , and it becomes evident through further ... i'm quite sure i'm a 5w4 as it's the only answer i've gotten , and the descriptions of healthy and unhealthy individuals of this enneagram type fit me . at my absolute worst the unhealthy description ... i'm not trying to be grandiose , and that's precisely why i try to avoid talking about anything like this because infjs can sound completely grandiose , and you being an intj , i can directly see how ... i rarely post on here anymore but i've kind of reached the point where i need to make this post . i've come to the conclusion that i'm different than other infjs . ni is my subtype , and this is ... i tend to withdraw to reflect and gather my thoughts since i have so many on a regular basis . like many other introverts , i rapidly lose energy near others , especially critical or stubborn people .