' i tested as isfp , though i'm an infj . i think a more accurate approach would be to test how functions are used as opposed to the strength and value of each . because in my case , infjs fi can be very ... on waves of aging and renewal : progress orientation in combination with jungian aspects - wikisocion not according to this theory intjs are process and infjs are result-oriented by nature my best friend's brother was so hard to type , it took us years to figure out . but i finally figured it out one day , talking to his cousin . we went from infp , isfp , infj , then his sister though intp ... are you process-oriented or result-oriented ? hell yeah , i take care of my body . i try to only eat natural , beautiful things from the earth . vegan basically . and i try to work out often . i don't wear makeup because i want to present myself as i ... 52.5 / 100 masculine points , 70/100 feminine points , and 60/100 androgynous points absolutely important . a relationship even with the most complementary person can be miserable if one or both parties are immature . yeah i think dominant fi can come off as cold especially to people the person doesn't like . fi doesn't really outwardly display feelings like fe does . isfps are notorious for being cold-hearted , ... that's interesting that you tested as estj ... kinda puts more tallies for infp . which qualities do you wish you had in an estj and estp ? they can share qualities because their dominant functions are ... so infps and enfps have all positive introverted functions and all negative extroverted functions infj and enfj have all negative introverted functions and all positive extroverted functions . ... something to keep in mind : people often bypass their aux function . looking to the inferior function is more reliable sometimes . se vs ne , which do you find more attractive ? would you consider ... do one or both descriptions of each function sound like you ? for example , do you relate to + fe and - fe or just + fe ? + fe - positive emotions , joy , merriment , emotional elation , excitement , a ... perhaps instead of trying to decide between two functions , we can try another route . would you consider yourself to be more process-oriented or result-oriented ? on waves of aging and renewal : ... infjs are victims and typically drawn to aggessors - victim - wikisocion infps are infantile and typically drawn to caregivers - childlike - wikisocion infjs have fi in the id , which can be extremely strong and prominent . it's also common to bypass the second function . a good way to decide between infj and infp is to look at the inferior functions ... louise - entj linda - esfj bob - estp tina - infp gene - intp mr . fishoeder - intj i'm glad it helped . geez a cut scrotum ... that's gruesome . it's kind of hard to say how fe and fi react to an emergency . my aunt is enfj and i can totally see her talking to people and somehow getting ... infj - the first friend i made after i moved . she's a makeup artist and really into depeche mode . also into mbti , which is cool . a guy i met at work who is an alcoholic and he fell in love with me ... infj - the first friend i made after i moved . she's a makeup artist and really into depeche mode . also into mbti , which is cool . a guy i met at work who is an alcoholic and he fell in love with me ... so isfp is result-oriented and istp is process-oriented . on waves of aging and renewal : progress orientation in combination with jungian aspects - wikisocion this is a lot of information but it has ... maybe it could help to think of which personality types you're drawn to . fe dominant or te dominant ( enfj vs entj ) ? is one more attractive to you than the other and why ? what's wrong with ti ... oops i'm not infp how do you value te ? isfps have te in the suggestive ( 5th ) position and istps have it in the ignoring ( 7th ) position . extroverted logic - wikisocion and here is the link to fi . isfps have it 1st , ... maybe like 50 tests or so . i've tested as intj , infj , intp , entp , infp , enfp , esfp , isfp . so i kinda just like to see how many different things i can test as . this description is so hilarious and accurate . sle / iei : iei : i am sitting on this couch , slitting my wrists . i need someone to punish me like the naughty teenager i am . spank me ! i've been bad ! ... i'm not huge into movies but in no particular order ... pan's labyrinth the aviator it's such a beautiful day pulp fiction kill bill if you're in between types : half of all types are process-oriented , and the other half are result-oriented . process : result : enfj entj istp ... this whole ep is so great i got really into it driving next to a pink sunset i'm new , hi personally it feels like a bigger risk to be misjudged . i have connections with people i highly value , and i think it spoils me because i don't want to connect myself to someone who won't ... this is great . you're right , my boyfriend , estp , easily picks up on when i'm actually having a good time , when i'm bored , etc . i think i'm pretty aware of my own emotions as they come . i think i'm ... thanks to everyone although love and empathy / sympathy dominates my view of people and the world , i value people for another reason . i think of humankind as a body with many members . the hand might see the pinky toe as ... forgiveness is the beginning of loving oneself . holding onto resentment and anger is so self-harming . when you forgive someone , i think the benefit is mostly to yourself . once the skill is strong , ... i'm the same way . i think that would classify as an emotional horny . then in the motion it becomes bodily perhaps . why wouldn't it matter now ? we still get hurt as adults . we still get humiliated . we still might think something could be wrong with us . i'd think horniness is a human quality , rather than a type quality . but yes , some more than others . se i'd say has the most to do with it . if it's a body horny , then the perceiving functions , most ... cuz homies be ig'nant of course i've been introspecting about it and used the get to the root method . it led me to come up with a theory that every person has one biggest fear of 3 : fear of humiliation , fear of ... he's enfj . he is a master of conjuring up reactions out of people . has a very strong id and activating function . meaning ne , se galore , wrapped up by fe type most likely to piss everyone off : estj that's awesome . i look up to my estp boyfriend for being like that . i'd love to feel comfortable doing that . with alcohol i become more like that , but when i try to be like that any other time i ... yeah it definitely depends on who is around me . in highschool i feel like i put out more energy and like i was more fun . then i moved away a few years ago and have found only a couple people i feel ... the flaw i'm having the most trouble with is that i don't put off enough vibes or energies or information about myself . people can't really connect to me because i don't give them anything to go off ... sounds about right i don't see them get hated on in real life . they are usually liked by everyone and are the life of any group and party . they're certainly my favorite ! this really unhealthy infj who thought he was in love with me . he was an alcoholic and didn't do anything to better himself until someone came in and motivated him ... which i find very unappealing ... 47 % intp 28 % infp 6 % entp 5 % enfp 4 % istp '