637178 web of lies 637186 waterfall of truth 637178 web of lies 637186 waterfall of truth 635378 i'll just whore myself out a little bit more : tongue : shirt's a little big for me , which you can tell around the arms though . oh well , it was free so ... 633786 turns out that lightpainting yourself is hard . but i'm super proud of this picture , even if it is blurry because i didn't have any help lol entj's enjoy learning for a specific goal . they will try to bend the world to what they desire . entp's enjoy learning simply for its own sake . they try to understand the world to satisfy their ... i made my new years resolutions back in august and have been following them well so far lol . workout more , and now that i've gained back my stamina for running i'm going to concentrate on ... ha that's hilarious ! another doppleganger ! got any pictures ? i never got to see my other supposed doppleganger : sad : 617865 i finally cut off all of my hair lol practicing with some light painting tools : 606698 6067 06 606714 really starting to fall in love with light painting , and when i see what some other people are doing : blushed : practicing with some light painting tools : 606698 6067 06 606714 really starting to fall in love with light painting , and when i see what some other people are doing : blushed : a few more : bruh dafuq ? what the devil is that noise ? ? i'm not actually sure where it comes from or even when i started using it to tell ya the truth haha hell ya ! i'm right there with ya , i've got way too many . thanks to my teenage years including anime , i've started using some of their phrases : yoush [ spelling ? ] when excited yari yari ... why is it so adorable ? ? oh you : blushed : thanks man ! and i won't lie , it is pretty lame . i got some headshots today and sent the top 4 to a couple of my women friends to ask about their favorite one for tinder . the one i actually ... glad you think i'm hot enough to be in a generic dating site picture : blushed : still looks pretty nice though it's actually in missouri : shocked : basic questions : 1 ) age or age range ? - mid twenties 2 ) city , country and / or region ? tennessee 3 ) tell us something about your social life ? this is me : happy : 600018 and a few that i've taken : first day of experimenting with long exposure and i nudged the camera : crying : 600026 6000 34 this is me : happy : 599978 5999 86 this . so much this . between my younger cousin and i , i was the idea guy and my cousin was always the fall guy . poor dude . we used to get into quite a bit and i wouldn't ever get into ... here are some of my first attempts at long exposure photography : favorite one , even though i accidentally nudged the camera a little bit :/ 595322 5953 14 595330  well hello there how about sf users ? nfp's and even infj's i typically enjoy . never met a confirmed enfj ... fe dom / aux users * you nf's are so friggin adorable : blushed : that's true . if i remember right , entp's are given the title of best bullshitters . but i don't think it has anything to do with lying , i think it's just because entp's can be so charming . and that's ... telling lies has nothing to do with being entp ... i'm an entp and i'm about as blunt / honest as a hammer in real life . i think i'm pretty emotionally intelligent . because i think it's a skill that can be worked on and learned . i started out in life in a bad way , my childhood was awful and statistically speaking , i ... i agree with this , i don't think love ever stops either . the only woman i've ever fallen in love with broke up with me well over a year in a half ago and while the pain is gone , i still have ... here are a few of my favorites ! : happy : 591242 5912 50 591258 5912 66 i'm an amateur photographer getting better everyday as well as a writer . once i get good enough with the camera , i'll be opening my second business in photography ! : happy : italix desthro the enneagram tripped me up a little bit too . i'm a 5w4 which made me think intp and have always tested as an intp , even on the official test i took in college . but after ... sadly i can only speak english at the moment , and some very basic spanish . though i do plan on learning more languages as i get started on my flag theory plans ! if anyone wants to learn ... aww you're so sweet : blushed : that sounds exactly like something a kidnapper would say lmao i love you guys how did you know ! ? : shocked : i'm against drugs myself . but i use the drugs to hook into the hookers more easily . and use it to hook into politician's families . once they're hooked , they belong ... when you spend serious time contemplating on how to take over the us government , come up with an overall strategy on how to do it and then find a squirrel to occupy your time instead and what was i ... i spent a month coming up with an interesting and completely soulless plan to takeover the united states . i still think it has some merits to it too ! but then i remembered that i'd rather take ... i'd have to go with : captain jack sparrow patrick jane and l aladdin sane is correct , you have to look at the functions . and to answer the question , we will need to borrow this image of a tree : i.dailymail.co.uk/ i / pix / 2012/10 / 31 / ... i'm glad that my journey can help you =) it's one of those interesting things that you never realize you've made any progress until you look back at where you were before , even a year ago . i feel ... this was a post i wrote a few years back , though i no longer have the blog i felt like it could be of help to some people here : in a post about understanding depression's many coping ...