' 36 most : 694 or 692 least : 873 it sounds like a very difficult and complicated situation . i do think couples counseling will be helpful even if you end up choosing not to stay together . improving your communication skills is ... i spent a large portion of my life trying to desensitize myself . it didn't work and now i have also come to terms and accepted my highly sensitive nature . most movies make me cry . i hate watching movies with other people . when i am alone with someone i am not comfortable with i do feel compelled to make conversation but i usually just ask lots of questions to get to know them better . when it is a bigger group i ... people frequently think i am sad about something when i am perfectly fine . over the years i have taught myself to have a slight smile a lot of time to counteract all of this concern i keep getting . indigo thanks for the laugh ! love these videos enfjs can be optimistic and see the best in people . i'm not sure what this guy's motivation is though . why don't you just ask him ? everything about that situation would make me uncomfortable . i don't like being approached by strangers so i would have paid attention and politely said i wasn't interested in participating . if i ... who needs other joy when you have the pleasure of smoking ? ;) as a former smoker i am mostly kidding . i do think there is a bit of a numbing effect from smoking and i do feel more vital since i quit . i get teary quite frequently - a few times a week at least . if anything moves me , makes me sad , makes me mad or if i see anyone else crying i respond automatically with tears . an actually sobbing ... i'm very forgiving and tolerant . i rarely cut people out of my life . it has to be pretty extreme for that to happen . theory says that you stay the same throughout your life but circumstances and phases of life can cause you to develop different functions and your behaviour can change a lot . i'm a bit torn ... i can immediately tell that someone is familiar and that i should be able to place them but i usually can't remember where i know them from . this happens all the time with tv shows but thankfully ... i'm very responsible with money and budgeting . when i am under stress i do sometimes online shop a bit too much but i have lots of savings to cover it . for those who fall somewhere in the middle on the introvert / extrovert scale , what would be some other differences between the nfj types to help them decide between them ? i was listening to some of the podcasts at personality hacker and they have suggestions on how to encourage growth for each type . i got green / white as well her behaviour seems quite odd and i would be a bit concerned that she has no friends . even though i'm an infp i don't really relate to that kind of hot and cold treatment of people so i hope her ... when i was younger i had a lot of social anxiety and low self-esteem so i understand what you are saying . now that i am older i have a lot more confidence and i have accepted myself as i am . i ... i think your responses to the questionnaire sound rather infp . sometimes healthy fi can look like fe because it is considerate of others and likes harmony . maybe you should consider that type ? she sounds like a high te user - istj , estj , entj or intj are my guesses thanks . i feel like my attention to detail is quite weak and my memory recall is poor so that is one hesitation i have about si especially as a dominant functions . here is one of those ... my guess is istp as well in terms of possibilities i tend to be very good at problem solving because i can see alternate solutions that no one has considered . i tend to look at it from a different perspective and get ... the results of the 3 tests were esfj , infp and enfj . here are some processes of mine that fit or do not fit the profile of the types : thoughts on being an esfj : - i am very nostalgic about ... i am relatively new to cognitive functions so i took a few tests today . the results are a bit different from each test and was wondering about some help interpreting the results . i have related ... hi and welcome ! this place might make you think even more :) hi and welcome ! i love cats too . hi and welcome ! i love animals hi and welcome ! i am new here too hi and welcome ! i am new here too . infps are wonderful hi and welcome ! i am new here too thank you for the links ! thank you ! having small children , i have learned there is a lot of value in planning when it comes to outings and trips so i have become more skilled at that . i am very time aware so i can usually complete ... infp - scholar and then artisan i prefer novels that have more complex plots . some romance in a book is fine but i don't want it to be the sole focus of the book . are there any infps who are skilled at organizing and planning things ? i've been married to an isfp for over 10 years and it is a great combo for us . we both have a deep understanding and respect of each other's feelings . we can be a bit quiet sometimes but we enjoy ... hmm istp crossed my mind a few times while reading this . do you think you are ti dominant ? i see a lot more ne in your post than ni . i have read that ne users can have a hard time committing to one type :) i can see why you are torn but i also vote for infp type 7 . life as an enfj for me : my feelings are very strong and i am constantly noticing how people around me are responding to everything . i like to surround myself with optimistic , positive people who i ... i would guess your dad is esfj or possibly estj . your mom is trickier . does she make decisions based on her feelings ? does she also like to improvise when it comes to making plans or going places ? ... enfj 1 . i was not popular in high school 2 . i can be quiet and reserved in a crowd 3 . i am messy 4 . i hate exercising 5 . i enjoy being logical and analytical sometimes i really like sps . their se inspires me . hi i'm an ambivert enfj who loves everything about personality typing . i am interested in learning more about enneagram , socionics and other personality typing systems . '