' i dream most nights , or at least that's how i feel it is . some days i cannot recall if i'd dreamt at all , but most days i can vividly remember the dreams i had . on occasion , i tell some of my friends ... i have no idea why but this song just popped into my head while i was showering ... the world certainly needs to be a better place . this . i've been in this situation a couple of times and it took me a long while each time before i could open myself up again . i don't think i would share the deep stuff with someone unless the ... i grew up as a evangelical christian , but i've somehow grew disillusioned with the religion as i grow up . i guess you can call me disgruntled about how god has treated me in my life up to this point ... to the awesome singles here , to everyone else , happy valentine's day . i was thinking of the exact same thing . in all seriousness , would you kill donald trump , or would you keep him as your right-hand man ? kills people for fun . maybe ants too . there aren't many male dogs around to compete with yours . : cool : anyhow , you dog is beautiful ! i'm pretty sure pictures of females here get more likes thanks than males . : jedi-lightsaber : winds . it's still a little too early for the flight , but i'm not scared about it . in fact i'm really looking forward to it ! just taking it as an extended bus ride that i used to take . i just signed myself up for what might be the most yolo thing i'm about to do ... just bought two-way tickets for a flight alone . well , since i'm visiting a friend , it's not considered a total ... i wasn't expecting to get some helpful tips about this haha . my original post was just to answer the op about whether there are infps who don't flirt . thanks for the explanation ! :) i think i've ... i imagine i have done some of that . especially 3 and 4 i suppose . i am not big on physical contact because i am not comfortable , and also partly because i don't want to come across as a creep . i ... yes , we all just run around all day , whine a lot , call each other names , and giggle at the littlest things . okay ... as some has pointed out , we're more childlike than childish . honestly i don't know the true definition of flirting . if i were to guess i'd say i don't flirt at all . i don't really go up to girls and tell them they look cute or beautiful , or say something ... missal lakigigar what is it about ? i am already intrigued by the description you've given . regarding trump and things he did since the presidency , i can only think of this : america , you got what you wished for . you did wish for it , only to find out you didn't like it very much . echoing what a few other posters have already mentioned ... that is , mbti types have little bearing on chemistry and compatibility of a partner . i did learn this the hard way , though , that people whom ... i don't know what to make of my latest dating episode . heck , i don't even know how to properly define dating , to be honest . i've always thought dating to be what couples do when they become in an ... i think you might have to be more specific about the bullying . what did they do ? why do you feel like they're bullying you , while they feel it's the other way round ? there's quite a bit of details ... i am not by any means a beginner guitarist , but , if anything , my guitar skills have stagnated quite a bit for the past few years . gotta get my shit together and start pushing myself to level up my ... welcome back ! although i don't stick around much on the forum these days , i can remember when you were around ! we also didn't have the chance to interact so i hope that changes ! ^ ^ recently , it is this : there are also certain songs that makes me feel like wanting to fall in love . i might post them another time . oh yes obs is pretty hard to set up . my company is using obs for some facebook live streaming and often needs help trying to link up everything . i was just thinking if you should connect your mic ... what are you using to record ? yes i think this succinctly explains the difference between fi ( infps ) and fe ( infjs ) . fi tends to act on their personal beliefs and preferences , and any judgement is based on how they feel about it ... the bible hahaha when i was younger i also often lamented how i was going to miss many of my favourite acts . it's kinda like the harsh reality growing up here in singapore . here's why : 1 . as a student / teenager , ... i screamed fuck yeahhh ! ! ! loudly in office when manchester united equalized yesterday during the game against liverpool . from now on i'll be seen as a weirdo . fall into depression . well actually it depends on how much effort i've put on trying to get them to notice me . the general rule is : the more effort i put , the harder i'll fall . that really sounded like me when i was 21 ... as far as i know , i've been suffering from social anxiety since i was young , ever since i was constantly verbally abused . my depression also comes in ... korean-style beef hotplate don't worry , i'm not insulted at all . it's basically just a little thought i had in mind after watching the movie . i did think of how the movie was set and it really reminded me of the ... i'm just wondering if la la land is basically infp porn . i don't know if i'm the only one but the choice of colours , sets and locations were visually stimulating to me , and not forgetting the premise ... beach this man celebrating the end of obamacare on fb didn ’ t realize he was actually on obamacare | thought catalog yeah , definitely for me too . it's very telling for me when i'm working in a very technical field in the day , and pursuing a very creative outlet at night . i like a variety of things , from really ... finally ! did anybody say unlimited amount of money ? if i'd that kind of resources and time at my disposal , i would make my passion a reality . and then able to sustain this for the rest of my life . ... getting off work . also , i have a slightly troubling problem with girls . talking to a few girls currently , but the main thing that bothers me is their apparent interest level in me versus mine in ... there were several traits people used to take offence on . the first , most noticeable , trait was my appearance , specifically my teeth , which used to be very bad as my front teeth would be jutting out ... yes i'm very aware of that . i know we like the prospect of an underdog doing well . it's very un-infp of me to be supporting manchester united ( glory-hunters , they say ) , but from time to time i ... wow southampton , that's an interesting choice if i ever saw one . a pity their best players have been raided . haha well i do watch the super bowl , but only for the half-time show ! : laughing : i'll chime in and say that i perfectly understand all the things you guys have wrote . up till recently , i've never really found my place in the world . it feels ... oh yes i meant soccer ( if the american usage is concerned ) . american football is probably only watched by americans . where i am soccer / football can be used interchangeably so i'd thought it's pretty ... i just wonder who on this forum supports which football team ? we could make a list . '