' * breathes in * * breathes out * ... that's nice . okay , please disregard my above post . i was having a weird day , completely remembered that play wrong ( a bench ? only a rock and a tree ) , and now i'm ashamed because i'm doing a project on him and i ... my life is like waiting for godot ... except in my version i'm the only one waiting by the bench , and godot promised she'd kiss me . ah ! it seems i'm late to the party . screwy pokéball .. you might want to replace this one . welcome ! it seems to me like you're an infp , so you shouldn't worry so much about the intricacies until ... the problem with the way this was set up is that it creates the comparison to lucid dreams . dreams are natural and healthy with the process of sleeping , and so less people would feel inclined to ... intjs are super duper intriguing . i kind of fawn over the ones i know locally , they are continually perplexed by my fascination , and i am even more won over by that . thus , a beautiful cycle was born ... mother - xsxj father - entx little brother - estp for sure . he's a math whiz ( known trigonometry since the third grade ) , but would rather goof off with his comparatively idiotic friends and be a huge ... i definitely believe that libraries aren't going away . the one near my home is adapting at a fast rate to technology and incorporating it into the framework of what they do . for example , more ... ... wow . you always have the best answers . you're really going to get somewhere in life . i blushed to high heavens . ( by the way , the question she asked was what change i want most in the world ... when i was five to about ten-ish , i was flexible enough to scratch my head with my foot like a dog . i was so proud of this ability i would get the attention of random strangers in airports , and show ... you should find out for yourself . it's a little more difficult in winter , but that's okay . i'm going to assume you have experience rain dancing in the other seasons , or else this will be impossible ... what i do when i'm really stressed / upset is i imagine one of my friends holding me and stroking my hair . it's hard for me to stay in the present moment , but snuggling is the exception . often they'll ... esfp , maybe you should take a shower . i know it's a common look for you , but crusted vomit from last night's partying is not attractive . although , you manage to sleep with everybody anyway . dubstep ? cool enough stuff . pokéstep ? orgasmic . hm . you might not like what i have to say . i've done something along the same strain when i went out with the last guy i dated ( i refuse to call him my ex , as it was never really a relationship ) ... the infp subforum is a lovely , lovely place to be . i'm sure you'll make many friends and feel very welcome . for myself , as i don't have a lot of friends , this place makes me feel less lonely . :) ... even gifted students who have been making a few bs lately deserve love . ( unpopular with my parents , my teachers , and every college admissions board ever . ) speaking ... doesn't quite make sense to me . i can write just fine , but i tend to talk pretty fast and without good diction because once people are listening to me , i can't make sense of what i'm ... and you think they would be , right ? just hours ago , this calm-looking cat strolled up to me and meowed twice . i meowed back , and he slapped me in the face . apathetic my ass . nonono . low meows are hilarious and adorable . a few of my friends have picked it up . my best friend ( a guy ) meows almost as much as i do , and he is absolutely adored by everyone . he's also an extrovert , so it seems there are advantages to it for ... chances are you clicked on this thread after a confused pause when you read the title . hear me out , okay ? i have always been extremely introverted . the friends i make are near and dear to my ... trust issues , idealizing people i like far too much , the fact that i cannot initiate anything because that could mean rejection ( especially with the girl crushes , here in the bible belt ) , and the ... dear infj , you're so sweet and so perfect - - at least until you open a big can of judgmental all over everyone , and then i want to strangle you and feed you to the tigers . you always deceive me so , ... nearby parks or artsy coffee shops always work well for a first date . after a few dates , then i like being in either my home or the other person's , so we can start understanding each other's way of ... i relate almost uncannily to slytherin 360 ' s post . most of what i have to say would be repeating the sentiments she already brought forth , but i shall try to add something to this thread . i ... starcraft 2 - though i'm personally terrible at it , it is extremely fascinating to me . pokémon - it's perfect . ' nuff said . kirby - the perfect road trip game . it's cute , fun , and ( normally ) easy ... okay . the fact is that the origins of schooling don't matter . what is relevant is that school teaches us things to be used . it is in essence nurturing our brains while they develop . school teaches ... hm ... disagreed . anything other than learning in schools is secondary , or is fed to the kids that don't take school seriously anyway . it just requires seeing through the bullshit ( aka pep ... i'm an infp too . i hope you enjoy yourself here ! also , yes . your title . creativity by irony is gold here . you'll be liked . i would definitely agree , at least in accordance to my situation . i met a really great enfj friend a few years ago , and he brought out the best in me . we dated , and it got better , and then we broke ... good response , and i agree . i just like playing devil's advocate . ... wow . that almost made me nauseated . i would much rather someone say your to me than that space ... thing . spaces separate words ... [ / crazyness ] - ahem - sorry . i understand the reasoning behind ... i really really really appreciate this post . this sheds some possible light on why he does what he does , and that's what i was hoping for . further insights will probably come over mulling over this ... that's how one would think it would work . but grammar can be confusing . initialisms don't work as regular words do . it's more like ( according to all the information i've found ): intj -> one of them ... if you're going to say that , i need proof it's that way . every source i can find on the issue says otherwise . i would much rather just say intjs though , regardless of what's right . this is why intj's are orgasmic . it seems like i'm a minority in infp's that believe this . um um right this is a question thread ummm well , does it bug you to have to put an apostrophe in ... a number of reasons : one , because we'd broken up half a year before this incident because he'd tried marijuana and i was afraid he'd end up loving it more than me , because i'm more insecure than a ... sooo . hey all , thanks for taking the time to help me here . i used to date this wonderful , lovely enfj . he fit the enfj description to a t ( ironic saying is ironic ) , and that's not just me being ... ahaha , i am 17 . so pretty much the same stuff i'm doing now : reading poetry , playing pretty piano pieces , reading popular science books and picking them apart for fun if they're bad , skipping down ... but what if letting people know about it ended up landing you in the circus , or in a research lab where people will basically take you apart to investigate ? i often feel like i need an outlet for my ne , and maybe you do too . so either dump some thoughtful scenarios here , go through and respond to them , or some combination of the two . if we don't ... 1 . ) i prefer it being soft and slow and then passionate and a bit faster . if it's too fast first , you haven't lured in my emotions correctly . i'm sure it staying slow may be nice in some cases , but ... rednet 2 : a wild intj appeared ! isn't that perfect love , in a way ? what makes a virtual reality any less real than reality ? hm . you think so ? then again , i can only speak for myself , and my side of the story . don't you ever get upset with incompetence , though ? when people mangle up words , blather incoherent ... so intjs are the best . ( yay for stereotyping . ) how can a chronic perceiver like me , or just xnfps in general , best come across as anything but incompetent , illogical , and disorganized to you guys ? my ... i assume you all , being infps , think about love as much as i do , and what it should ideally be . so , do you have anything to compare everything romantic to ? anything to which you go , ah , now that's ... take this advice with the knowledge that i am only a teenager , and a pretty sheltered one , at that . my advice may not be right , or realistic , or appropriate , but i really felt like trying . i hope you ... i have a really big problem with this . really really big . my last relationship was my first intimate relationship , and it was when i found out i have serious issues with sexuality . as an idea ? not ... this . i forgot to say that too . ( although the analogies are gone now .. ) the sat requires you to study the test , whereas the act just needs you to study the material . does that makes sense ? also , ... '