' heh . that one came out of a lady who would sell bread at the local bars ( for you chicagoans out there , not the same bread lady who sold ... special bread ) . i ended up getting a date with a girl who ... lots of drinking . nah , actually i'd say you should find someone in your aquaintance sphere who is more private then yourself , and try to draw them out of their shell . the advantage is that you ... china ? that must have been pretty fun . oh , we all know they mean well . devoid's got a great point here . it's fine that you like someone , but you have to have them like you back , which means you have to figure out why they should like you . 1 . they should like me ... i like this point . i forget how much of the sort of ' is it this or that ' behavior comes across as creepy . you make a decision , either defer or take the shot , and go from there . i like to think of the functions as the emotions they create . if i relate a strong feeling from ne as excitement , i relate si to nostalgia . i see something that looks like something i should know . i ... eclecticism . we are creatures of ideas . in fact , inasmuch as morals / principles are ideas , we are oddly enough creatures of them as well . if we see an idea we like we look at it , turn it around a ... some people just require good questions , or a pleasant joke to draw them out of their shells - although i find with shyer types , a bit of ' loudly projected ' shyness can help , ie furtive glances , goofy ... you can't go wrong with an h cup size . i think what set off my radar was that it sounded like this was a change for you . it's one thing to have lots of problems if you feel like you have a handle on them , and then go into a mode of ... this is my default mindset . i assume things are going to work out poorly in the future of my immediate plans and desires , but in the long term it'll be fine . i think people who get to know me very ... married to the woman i met via internet dating . for me it was useful because it took me out of the friendzone by its very nature . otherwise , i just fall into a sort of buddy routine , and i lose all ... i can promise you that starting with that end will go badly . babies are meant to be nibbled toes and feet first , always keeping unsealed orifices pointed away from potentially offendable sense organs . got caught dipping your hand in the bs jar ? that's always a tough one to get out of . i recommend self deprecation : i just ran some calculations to determine that yes , i am full of shit . every ... personally , i think religions are fine . it's communities that are strange and illogical . - did you change in a flash ( < 2 years ) or slowly ? ( or always were like that ) it may have happened slowly , but when i started to realize how people were seeing me ( ie , in a positive light ) , it was a ... sometimes , people see rules that really aren't there . naturally , they believe that the aforementioned transgressions deserve some sort of comeuppance . of course , the desires of the universe , and ... generally speaking , the most talkative and extraverted person in a group is going to be considered a leader . if you toss in some decisiveness and a certain disregard of consequences , voila - instant ... you just care more about what they think . the really crappy part is that the more they like / respect you , the bigger and more uncomfortable the whole difference becomes because they care more about ... i think that spoiler is spot on . i've had a couple proper original thoughts in my life - almost everything is derivative somehow . i need someone who either has real goals , at which point massive ... i totes agree . it's hard to grasp the dynamic . i guess if your goal is to turn lemons to lemonade , you could accept the difference and treat it as a mysterious curiosity for exploration . this is ... yup . that's maturity talking there . especially that last line . we're going to say and do stupid things in perfectly innocent ways from time to time , and the other person has to actually be able to ... lot's a of thinking about things . like nonstop . here's a poincare quote that partly points the way : i entered an omnibus to go to some place or other . at that moment when i put my foot on the ... thank you for the mention , hoffman . 507 , i guess i could mention the general topics of thing i generally won't just spill for shock value , or things i only give up grudgingly : * things that may or ... the nuclear power field is pretty nt heavy . it's its own creature in many respects . most of them sort of have solutions . the solutions just haven't scaled up very well , or aren't cheaper then the current alternatives . the thing i wonder about them is how many of them are going ... interesting that pot laces into a couple of things in your post . are you feeling like a slacker because of it's use and the ideas it may give people about your social position , or are you feeling ... emotional chameleonism is something lots of personalities can have happen . its also something you can cause to other people , you just have to start at their setting and then ratchet it up bit by bit ... i'll get back to you . i'm still on a wiki walk i started earlier in the last decade . that certainly does seem to be the case . oooh ! ! ! i have one stop whining and get a life nah . still absolute . if you're not actively injured , juvenile , senile , erectile , and you're not making an effort to forward your life , you ... i will say that nostalgia is often a bittersweet emotion for me , but i tend to like that sort of feeling , so nostalgia's all good . a top loading washing machine without an agitator ( the screw thing in the middle - pump , really ) is actually a sideways front loader , or at least in operation , they're not that different . the ... i thought the more interesting part of this test was it potentially allows for culture blind iq testing . of course , that's not assuming there's some other correlation in effect here like smart ... you just fell in love , didn't you ? poor sap . ya gotta hold something back . if you give all your love away you mightgo into your love bucket one day , and find there's none left for you . oh my god . it's fricking cthulhu in that video . do you understand the dark powers you're messing with ? ! ? ! ? oh , and in keeping with the spirit of these things : 73565 beautiful , trollmaster . this is the perfect troll for the entp thread . i just can't help but admire you for it . history professor . talk about your dead end fields . the wife's gotten a couple nibbles this way ( she's in budget analysis ) . it's not as effective as doing it yourself , but it comes with the added benefit of feedback . besides , just getting in contact ... i love it when someone pulls off poe's law in a post . i have a sneaky feeling this is like that point in a relationship where you still love your partner , but you no longer respect them , so you're just going through the motions ; which of course means ... ginger's got a good point , you can try structure for a little while and sample it all . it'll come to you eventually . keeping religion out of the argument , and looking at things in a more matter of fact logical way , are you pro-choice or pro-life and why ? i think you mean i don't want a debate on religion , but ... i always go with the flow . eventually , i start using questions based off my free associations to push the conversation either towards someone else's interest ( if i have some desire to be nice ) , or ... you're an entp , you will suffer from mistakes that make you look dumb . achilles heel syndrom i call it - every plan and thing you think will have one inherent flaw you won't catch no matter how long ... that's an intriguing insight , zeep . speaking overall , i guess that's why lots of writers like to come up with the endings first , and work their way back , but my normal writing is very stream of ... nothing gets us going like someone throwing rules at us . good job . now , don't muck it up . entp : you want to try this ? sure ! estp : you want to try ... hey ! that's my whole stash ! entp : well , we can solve this if we , bah , blah , blah .. oh that's neat ... wait , what was i doing ? estp : ... '