' thanks . vernacular from other countries always gets stick in my head once i start thinking about it . thank you ! this has been bugging me for weeks . if you don't mind , i've got another--shit or shite ? i know there are a few of you floating around here and i simply have to know if you guys say ass or arse ? and if you use both , where would i hear which ? i really should've done more drugs when i was younger . finally got around to seeing riddick , and it was b-movie action genius . i hate most women in independent publishing . they are such fucking stereotypes that they're actually pushing women into this very vapid and insulting box that they don't even realize it . and they ... it is so rare that i type out an lol while actually laughing , that i quoted you just to say that it made me laugh . i'm not reading the pages--and they're pages i'm sure--of back and forth here , but ... from what i've seen ? ha ! . you're very even keeled from what i have gleamed . but then again , this is the internet and empathy works best in a face-to-face setting . but i would caution you . some of us ... it still makes women look sexy . is it because we can read your mind ? - - - people's sensitivities and the need to protect ... most score pieces for film fall into the realm of generic and cheap-to-produce composition . this obviously falls into that category . there are only a few composers who score for film that really ... disclaimer : i know the example i'm using in this post is pedestrian at best , but it is what pushed this thought forth so that's why it's being included . end of the year and i've found myself with ... i used to vehemently say that i didn't have a type and was open to pretty much everything . and for a long time that was true . however , even going back to my childhood , i've always had a physical ... said a potential rapist . it used to be pumpkin , but it got burnt so the chef threw it away without another thought . the pie slowly died at the bottom of the trashcan , weighed down by more interesting garbage that once served ... this is a very detached position . not only would the removal of money do nothing to change the selling of sex , but you fail to see how sex is used as social currency without the aid of any industry ... take any form of media , books , film , music , games , and tell me what people like . do people want to play a text adventure like depression quest where you explore the psychological nature of ... so in essence it's like managing several relationships at the same time ? with varying degrees of importance or connection to you ? that seems a bit complicated , like it would require a great deal of ... knowing too much . there is virtue in pain and growth in the suffering that comes with knowing more than one should . ignorance breeds solipsism which is unhealthy and breeds contempt in people . it'll ... i'd advise against shoehorning in on his time with his friends and family . it's important for people to have space between them . as an infp , you should be able to appreciate the sacred nature of ... ^ ^ polyamory , to me , seems like such a headache in the making . perhaps it's my stubbornness , but when i'm in a fixed relationship i'm pretty stern on the monogamous part . sleeping around and / or fuck ... but it exists . there is porn directed towards an emotional and realistic experience of sex . the entire point of the industry is that it caters to everyone . keep in mind that if you're not looking for ... i was mostly referencing the tone in the op . if i would've taken issue with you i would've quoted you and pointed it out directly . i've got nothing against preference , as i have my own and i ... yeah , i'm not sure where the acting like a child thing comes into being an infp . i've always been told that i came off as too serious or mature for my age , aging me quite a bit in context to my ... if you shield your children from violence as a means of making them better you'll effectively rip out the heaviest chunk of good fiction in any medium . the fetishization of violence and its ... i love how people take the high road on promiscuity like it's a badge of honor , something to be praised and patted on the head for . a woman or a man is no less a person if they've only fucked one ... it's pretty selfish to claim that anyone has the right to someone's body other than the body itself . anything anyone wants to do to themselves concerns themselves primarily . this is true for everyone . he turned and saw her sitting crosslegged on the bed , sleepily scratching her stomach with burgundy nails . neuromancer by william gibson hmm ... that says something about me . moby dick is actually about capitalism and the destructive ends one ( ahab and his financial backers ) will go in the pursuit of a goal ( greed and control , the extinction of the ' other , ' of ... you don't . you just have to make yourself available and hope we feel the need to reach out , because our type doesn't like to burden others with our damage . lioness - they clip the wigs of birds less of an opinion , more of an observation--after a certain age , people care significantly less for sufferers of depression and those who commit suicide . it seems the sting is removed once the signs ... i would say it is less about inability and more about practicality . i need tech to communicate , perform work , stay informed--it would make things much more difficult if i didn't have tools at my ... in time , breaks from technology will involve a plane ticket to zambia . i really don't see how i could go a day with a break from some kind of tech , and i live as a minimalist . i was like you too ... then i got a kindle . it makes my bookshelf feel kind of wasteful . not only do i have my entire library in my hand , i've got another 300 + books on there waiting for me to chop ... i'd be surprised if the printed book lasts the end of the century . paper simply cannot match up to the convenience of a screen , digital delivery , and instantaneous satisfaction and availability . women who write and / or read romance novels should really be ashamed of themselves for perpetuating a bad stereotype . authors need to cool it with the bdsm theme already . i get that in any branch ... there's nothing to save , let's get that right first . the world is alive--an organism all its own . she is indifferent to your existence , mine , and that of humanity as a whole . the world is the ... that was about it , i'd had it . put down my glass , time to fold her tent . but she stood , came to me , said , ' fuck me rough . ' before i could reply , she put her hand on my crotch , pulled the zip ... i'm not going to , but i desperately want to know what other people will say in response to you . the internet hasn't given me a treat like this in a long time . that's actually how all my writing goes . it's a symptom of not outlining . i've researched this pretty well , and none of my favorite writers outline their work . they merely get an idea and type away ... i never been able to write kids , and i started writing seriously at twelve . it's like i can't relate tot he character . stayed in , got work done , and i'm finally past the 10g mark . it's like the ... don't you find it difficult to write children ? i do . i find ti restrictive and can't seem to find a place to put them , so they wind up in the background or not at all . but you're making a ... * shrugs * thats fair . never read it . i preferred marlowe and spade . they were smarter , more introspective , and were more influential to the modern detective than holmes has been . as a speculative fiction author , i ... i get that , it's just that i don't think it's compelling to read about that kind of protagonist . the need for mass interaction to function reads kind of cheap and woks better in a visual medium than ... it's not so much that they can't be compelling , but rather that the character would get on my nerves so it would be me half-assing him and producing something poor or abandoning the project ... yeah , i had to learn a lot about temperance in my 10 + years in writing . i think the foundation of a paragraph has to be considered just good enough before moving on to the next , and editing should be ... '