bad , as long as i'm not winning . i was supposed to write a big message here two seconds ago and i almost finished it before i thought it sounded cheesy so i deleted it . i fucking hate myself . this is so funny . oh my , oh my . 113 . as wololo wrote above . i'm not really sure how i feel about iq tests . they make me feel so worthless and bad . i always get so dissapointed at my results . feels like putting a stamp ... yeah , think it helped a bit at least . it stood that entp can be the most introverted extrovert type which i could really see . the introversion / extroversion question has really been one of the biggest ... nothing more ? i've read a lot about these two types lately and every time i do the mbti test i end up as a entp . i've read though , that it's better to read the functions than stare blind at the letters on the ... world war 2 , for now . but i've had it for a couple of weeks now so it should fade quite soon . i've never really understood which type i am . when i'm sure this very type must be mine i look into another and then come to the conclusion that i got no fucking clue . the most recent debate in my ... i started a similar thread in the entp forum . so basiclly what you guys are saying is that you don't have a lot of friends ? how do you feel about it ? sad ? don't give a shit ? would you like to have ... very well then . use the world bestest , rules are boring and made to be broken . i wanna have many bestest friends . or no i don't . i just have a hard time finding out who i am . i wanna put a sticker ... very well then . use the world bestest , rules are boring and made to be broken . i wanna have many bestest friends . why can't you have more than 1 best friend ? ofc it's harder to obtain and preserve more than one best friend but i find it hard to see why not . it seems rather ignorant and stupid to say that you ... after sighcantthinkofaname's post i came to think about what you consider a friend ? is is your co-worker ? the one you take a beer with every once in a while ? what do you consider your best friends ? ... likewise . though it's a pattern in my life . do something for a couple of months , tops , then move on to the next . hell have i ever watched a whole tv-series ? don't think so . i don't really know . i do all these tests to chase the dream of knowing who i am . to belong somewhere . honestly i have no fucking clue what so ever if i'm a 3 ' 2 . i certainly not fell like entp , but ... fuck yeah . same . but i don't give a shit anymore . hello guys . do you have a lot of friends ? does your phone always pling every minute and you're always headed to a party or activity at weekend ? mine's most certainly not and i'm curious about you ... yeah , estp might be the one . definitely not j , definitely . thanks for the answer . :) it seems like i whistle whenever i dont want to and vice versa . can you whistle if you only can do it sometimes ? this thread is like the tale of the sword in the stone were the last person to try to pull it wins . thanks brother <3 good , now i just have to find out what my type is . mind reading this thread ? i think i meant more like 50/50 on both of them :) as the title says , is it possible , and if you want to , read my nicole thread please . :) left brainright brain 46 % 54 % you think this might have something to do with my 50-50 sensor / intuitive ? i don't know what i am or who i am and i listen to every genre there is . :) bump additionally it took my hours to write this since i got bored once and a while and went on to facebook and a lot of other places i shouldn't been while writing such important stuff like this . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... oh wow man , that question makes you think . i think i might got 2-3 really good friends . that kind of friends who would walk to the moon and back for ya . then i've got an uncounteble amount of ... i'm a bit ambivalent . the best thing i know is to hang out with a friend or a group of friends but if i have to be alone i don't mind being so but not for too long since i get restless being so . i'm ... yeah this shit is very confusing and i don't get a shit . but that just makes it more interesting to learn . overcoming struggels . :) i fought the law - the clash yes ! that was an exact observation . i really feel like someone who's just standing aside watching . the more i read on this forum the more confused i get . i mean , i've done the test like 4 times and ... it's frustrating . in the last 24 hours i've done the test like 4 times and i still don't belive i'm an entp . i don't trust the computer , i want someone to say it directly to my face . can you go to a ... when you really realy want to write an reply to this thread but when you're about to do it you dont feel for it anymore . you know you're a perceiver when you watch a movie and want to kill a charachter doing something bad but the following scen you feel sorry for him because he is the one to be exposed for violence of ... no one has ever tried to type me irl but it would be real nice . even tough the tests online might be very accurate and correct i think it is better to be typed by a psychologist who can oversee the ... never cried to a movie in my whole life except marley and me :P 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... hi ! my name is elias and i'm an entp . right now i'm in a bit of personal crisis and i'd like to find out who i am . i find it hard to express my deep inner feelings and i don't think i've ever ...