' i like to think that the way i spend my time says a lot about me - it defines the kind of person i am , what my interests are , what i care about , how i approach things ... if the way i spend my time is ... made my day ! try dishonored , batman arkham , the talos principle . memes and gifs are hilarious - they represent a particular time and place , expression and sentiment ; which in my opinion is far more variety than boring old emojis . if you want performance and decent price , forget apple . i'd go with a budget gaming laptop , as there are plenty of them to choose from with decent quality . something like a dell inspiron 7000 series ... i despise busy cities . i prefer to live were i do currently ; a big town which is convenient , scenic , not crazy busy and is very easy to have a nice quiet walk . in the interest of time and patience , i think we can conclude that you don't see the value of an ssd and overestimate their costs . in terms of reliability , hundreds of terrabytes of writes ... ssds don't wear out . they simply fail after some hundreds of tb writes , and performance degradation is negligible . and come on , when you use a computer , you're always opening and closing stuff , ... good point . though i suppose if it does become a forum ( or sub-forum ) then it should be limited to members with 10 + posts . ssds are a necessity , especially if storage capcity isn't a concern . i / o is by far the biggest bottleneck for performance nowadays than memory or cpu-bound tasks . even if you're working with small ... putting things / people in a hypothetical box is nothing more than labelling a subset of the shared peoperties of those things / people . for example , labelling a group of people as liberals is a way ... given the number of views this thread has , i presume many people feel this way . i'm not sure why though . i don't really interact with many people but i don't feel like i'm another species . sure , ... yes it's interesting because people tend to be far more revealing online than in person . it'll be interesting if eventually with augmented reality people make their profiles visible so you can see ... i'm wondering what people's motives are for using this site - especially those who do so on a regular basis . i tend to be drawn to this site when i'm feeling a bit lonely and just want some ... if you don't plan on doing any gaming , then there are plenty of options for under $ 1000 , even in ultra-book form . whatever you go for , make sure it's got an ssd instead of a mechanical hard drive ... i need 8 hours , so that's what i get . recently got a 2013 bmw 530d ( f10 ) m sport in imperial blue with ivory white interior . not a typical car for a student but i love it ! more torque than some ferraris , porsches , lamborghinis and ... i'll name a few that come to mind : the devil's advocate groundhog day source code a beautiful mind the imitation game who am i ? inception the adjustment bureau soul kitchen sounds like a you've got things figured out . i wish you the best of luck . i'd recommend high-level programming languages to begin with an then work your way towards more complex ... in this context , i think maybe he's got some issues and doesn't know if he can trust you with them . golden rule : be honest in how you feel and what you want , and make these apparent . things will ... happy music . i love house , trance , drum n bass - anything uplifting . but i also appreciate classical , more mellow and / or instrumental pieces . on balance , music that makes me feel any emotion ... the best way to learn programming is to do it in your own time . experiment , build things , try different languages . it's a lot easier to get started now and plenty of resources for help and ... i'm really bad , i often miss stuff that happens right in front of me when i'm with others and they talk about it and i'm like what ? i didn't see that ! . yes - strangely , i feel a stronger connection with strangers sometimes , because i can tell them anything without any social barriers , which helps us connect . anonimity and the other person ... whatever you feel like , it's your day , so try to make it as fulfilling as you can without stressing over it . sometimes the simplest , most routine pleasures can be the most satisfying , even on ... if you and this guy really connect and he likes you , then maybem just maybe , he'll understand . but i'm skeptical of having multiple relationships like that . i'm sure it can work , but to make it ... don't know , don't care . enfjs , based on being extraverted ( so more likely to make their position known to others ) and , being js , more likely to be opinionated and have a view of what's right . just my intuition it makes me so happy that threads like this ( and , more importantly , people like you ) exist ! i don't know why or how , i mean , it's all just words on a page but somehow , knowing there are positive , ... i think you could perhaps get to know them a bit better before deciding on how close you want your friendship to be with them . good friendships are formed over time ; with that will come trust . once ... somepony sweet to cuddle :p roud : not really . most people here have basic human decency , empathy , appreciation for others ' points of view ( even if they completely disagree with them ) , and understand there are real humans here , not ... i'm sure everyone's seen their fair share of not nice people online , and perhaps even entire sites and communities that are just generally negative and hostile , but you got involved because you were ... brightflashes your avatar summarises it for me . adorable ! cute , cuddly , sensitive , am i right ? i just wish i knew an infp irl . would be more cheerful :) please try to minimise / avoid sploilers ! take your guesses for any characters : oliver queen laurel lance sarah lance quentin lance malcom merlyn ra'sh al ghul i think the grounds for your idea is fundamentally wrong . i mean , men and women are from nature . sure , gender is a social construct but it comes from nature - the nature says , in most mammals , male ... nice people : beware of hugs . at least it would be that if i had the courage and met the right people more often . as a software developer and computer science researcher , i agree that being proud of computer illiteracy / technology in general is foolish and rather arrogant ; though i don't think i've ever come ... nothing to contribute but it's amusing that this thread has over 50k views and only 42 replies boredom is a symptom of the potential to be 95 % satisfied / happy . when we grow accustomed to what we have , we take all the benefits for granted . we are always looking to improve , and the granularity ... just do it , especially with close friends . people tend not to turn down hugs unless you do something inappropriate or at a bad time . i always wanted to give him a chance but i'm starting to realise just how stupid and closed-minded he is . digestive biscuit and green tea with honey . i think friendship , male or female , need not be based on common interests . i mean , that's typically how most frienships start and sure , it's almost a necessity to keep it going . after all , you need ... hello and welcome :) feel free to express your thoughts , it's amazing how places like perc can help you discover like-minded people , or at least people that you can talk about things which ... hmm , i've always wanted to make a significant contribution to society and i figured the best way to do that is to just do what i'm good at . yet i've ended up doing a phd now which pleases my parents ... cats are awesome ! and welcome :) when he says who cares ? respond with i care ! and say why . pro choice . should've made it a poll . hmm it's probably not uncommon , but i believe the solution is to take things less seriously . just remember the context of the conversation ; - who it's with , what it's about etc . and put these into ... '