' i don't mean to bash on the theories regarding types ( i do like them too ) , but i don't think they hold much weight in relationships . i think knowing differences between the types ( perspective , ... hi everyone ! i've come across this problem i've always had with my parents , but it's just recently elevated since i've returned from my first year of college . first off , i just want to say , my ... wheww ... i have one hell of a rough time with my family . i get along amazingly with my brother , despite a 6 year age difference , which is amplified , as he is 11 and i am 17 . of all the siblings with ... i kind of like being the way i am ( 6w7 ) , because i'm never caught unexpected . when events happen , or are about to happen , i get glimpses of what can go wrong , but also what can go well . for the most ... for the what is your biggest weakness ? question , i've always rehearsed an answer . when asked , i breathe deeply , pretend i'm thinking , and slowly answer it , while taking some breaks in the middle of ... i rarely have dreams to start out with ( or at least those that i remember ) , let alone a lucid dream . i'm dying to have one ... so many things i'd love to be able to do ( like fly xd ) i want to say definitely the latter , because , currently , no one can take my silly side . but my opinion might change when i meet someone that can . fuzzballs are nice and friendly , until they get ruffled ? ;D i have a disproportionate number of female esfjs in my life ( or so i think they are ) . some annoy the hell out of me , some are okay , some are great . i've had interest in a few of them , but it's always ... oh yea ... those nx cards really raped my wallet xd but i had a ton of fun while i played , so no regrets ~ i hear it's like completely changed now o_o can't say i know too many others that are really into mbti , or enneagram , or anything of the like . however , i could see myself being mistaken for an entp at times ... well , i'm still a teen , but i've learned a lot over the years , especially in high school . there's a lot of academics i learned , what i should do , what i shouldn't do , what i should prepare myself ... when i thought more about it , it made more sense ; kudos to you for thinking of such an anology . :D i actually went ahead and tried to google it ... came up with some weird things ... hahahaha well , my dad has his phd in physics . he pursued it for three main reasons : he's a very math oriented person , but realized a math major is not as useful as a physics one ; physics just makes sense to ... no problemo ! in response to your last message , i think you were a bit overboard . no doubt you were frustrated and puzzled , but some of those words are pretty harsh . i don't agree with her behavior , ... that's what i would do . start off like you just met her , and then step into it . o_o i , personally , would not get mad at that . i'd just clarify what i meant , but given her emotional state at the time , perhaps it would be different . however , when someone explains what they meant ... ^ ^ that's true . it is best to try something and just talk to her again . i would clear the air and ask for forgiveness ( i have wicked's for good stuck in my head ) , just to make sure there aren't any ... ahhh , i guess i'd be pretty on par with that . i forgive super easily , but i just generally hate fake people ( like those that act nice for a reason ) . i don't want to be a condescending prick , but i ... ohmygod . i loved playing maple , but i've been clean for 2 years xd ( god i sound like an addict ... ) . i agree , but i think she should have been the one to say something . i care a lot about my appearance and looking like i'm well put together too , but not so much for an effect on others , it's mostly just for me to feel nice . but when someone expects me to do ... i guess she might've gotten attached to you , but i still don't see why she wouldn't have said something after the fight . i personally don't see how having a rough life and clearing things up are ... hmmm . i agree with the acting nice to get something part . can you clarify on i'll gladly take a friend who's hurt me with good intentions ? i'm confused why good intentions would hurt you , unless it ... not to be a killjoy , but generally , when the parents are against you , the chances are kind of slim . but if you want , you can send her a nice email , just asking her how she's doing . make sure it's ... huh ... that's not something i would ever do . friends > pretty much everything else i have . i pretty much never blow up as a result of taking something the wrong way as i prefer to figure out why you ... ahhh , the way you explain it , it sure does look like i have the two switched . but i guess my realism was more of a no matter how hard i try , nothing will change , which seems more cynical than ... mixed messages ? nope , definitely not in this case . imagine , i said , you'll do fine , don't worry . it's hard to take that in a wrong way ( at least to me ) . but she's historically misunderstood a lot ... i'm not exactly sure if the right word would be realism or cynicism , but here goes . in most general descriptions , i've noticed that enfps tend to be described as idealistic . first off , i'm ... being alone and losing someone i care about . gets me to be kind of clingy , and it really screws me over . with everyone saying teasing , i'd have to disagree . i tend to just tease anyone , physically and verbally , because i think it's fun . for me , if i talk to you on my own initiative a lot , you're good ... i've been called awkward a lot , but it's a completely different kind of awkward . more of the say-something-completely-unexpected awkward . i personally like it , it keeps people on their toes , and ... terribly selfish ? no . everyone has their agenda , and it is indeed nice to help people , but only when you have time / can make time . but what i think you have here is not being selfish , but being ... eh . i hate verbal affirmation . never got it much as a kid , and i surely don't need it now as an adult ( or almost adult :P ) . empty , vague compliments generally make me distrust the person ( especially ... i always took the not-giving-a-damn-about-what-others-think part as learning to love yourself completely . i feel like it's a good way to live out your life , as it truly is * your * life . i care about ... i do a lot of introspective thinking about who i am and how i can improve myself . the main reasons i change myself are : 1 . it interferes with my lifestyle and interests . this generally doesn't ... i mean , it's human to not like everyone you meet . i'm not sure if it's the same case for her , but i can say some dark / mean stuff about * people i don't like * . however , it's also pretty obvious i don't ... ^ totally agree . - - - i can't say i've met someone i'd actually want to date long term ( and short term ones just aren't worth the breakup pain ) . i used to ... i'm really touchy feely / huggy with my friends . but not so much with someone i like or am in a relationship with . it's kind of odd . ahhh , i wish i could do that xd . it seems too harsh though =/ . i think i've gotten the infj doorslam before . it's prettyyy bad sorry for the double post as i'm not exactly sure how to mention someone in a post . i noticed you're a 6w7 , just like me . how often do you get in this type of situation / how easy is it for you to get ... thanks for all the responses guys ! i actually forgot to give my own opinion xd . i notice i get really upset and hurt , but i have an immensely hard time pulling out . especially if they contact you ... i take it most enfps ( and most people in general ) are pretty good friends . what's your response when you realize that someone takes your time and attention for granted ? ahhh yes , i do do this , but i'm not exactly sure why . i guess it creates some sort of conversation ( because waiters / waitresses are people too ) and it's some form of guidance ? however , i'm more ... that's rare . i've never said that to anyone as of date . i listen to sappy , romantic-ish songs for the first part . usually turns out to be rnb or pop . it makes no sense , but it works amazingly well for me . ... the idea of stress is pretty foreign to me . might be because i'm kind of young , and there's not too much in my life other than school and friends . i don't get stressed before and after any sort of ... hmmm . i actually don't really go fish for compliments . at least not the empty ones from people that i don't know too well . for me , compliments can be broken down into two sections : those general ... i read the article a bit ago , and my first impression was this is some bull . if presented with a picture , which is what the women in the survey were , i would also say men with a non-smiling face is ... i could easily take pretty obvious lately as pretty friendly lately . at least as far as my girl-friends are concerned , some can get pretty touchy and gushy , but without any feelings ( or so i ... '