' i'll leave these here :  excuse the partial self-promotion , ( i'm the intj in the latter , ) but i ... didn't seem like you knew half of what i typed based on : this is good . i think you're throwing a little bit of ne / ni into your assessment of te vs . ti . having te has nothing to do with not wanting more information . that should be more related to perception ... borderline rant - but i do want your perspectives . in everyday conversation i want to bring this up . when it does get brought up , i am shocked / appalled by how many people believe something i ... * type 1 * action potential : 1w9 - 4w5 - 6w5 sp / so daewang : 1w2 - 6w5 - 3w4 femalegamer : 1-5- 4 iceblock : 1w9 jbking : 1w2 - 3w2 - 5w6 sp / so mindbomb : 1w9 -5-3 sx / so obstinatesnoop : 1w9 sx ody : 1w2 sp / sx ... not following you at all here ... doing the aforementioned activities with any measure of competency or success requires use of se . even if it's uncomfortable - that's how you know it's working . se is ... hey everyone , seeing as us intjs are notorious for our affinity for the trance genre , i thought i'd ask what your favorites are . good tracks are surprisingly hard to find . it's the sort that ... extremely open ended thread . 3 w 4 is typically an entj enneagram result . how do you relate to / feel like you differ from mainstream intjs ? do you ever question if maybe you're entj ? life ... i suppose the better question is , how often do you get withdrawn , being that all types do at least a little bit ? what triggers this withdrawal ? how long does it last ? what eventually breaks you ... there's a world of difference , ( like , at a level that greatly exceeds expectations - one might think they're extremely similar due to both being nt ) you asked for straightforward though so , main ... my editing skills aren't the greatest this time around , but i think you all might enjoy this . i interviewed two of my good friends , who i've had some difficulty typing ( although istj and intj are ... i think i've been trying to ti my way through mathematics ( calculus , trig , physics ) etc . for most of my late adolescent and young adult life , and i think this has screwed me up a bit . the classic ... when extraverts annoy the crap out of you ... never knowing when to shutup and observe / think . ... and when other introverts annoy the crap out of you . they cause horrible group cohesion through weak ... i've long been due to respond to this thread . ugh . all of you are robots and have no hearts . j / k . this is apparently why fi should stay suppressed . i really , really , don't want to spend time ... love , from an enfp : intj link from r / intj i agree with this . i would say that while the contrast you're describing is very real , the intensity of that contrast is overstated . for instance , consider why you would want to kill ... what do you guys think of this article ? i believe this is yet another repost from reddit , but the original article was written by an entj . wayfaringstranger comments on i've never considered ... in myers briggs typology theory , subjective and objective mean different things than merely interpretive vs . factual all introverted functions are subjective . all extraverted functions are ... thank you for your responses . sounds like i ’ ve just met some less-developed ti users . i ’ ll trust that most of you know whether or not you ’ re adverse to criticism or suggestions . it could very well ... these are so bloody melancholy : laughing : alive ? here , no lyrics , but the sheer energy does just that : i have pretty high standards as well , in both the physical and psychological realm . might sound pretty cold , but at the end of the day phenotype says a lot about genotype , and i want to give my ... saw this and thought hey , this is totally me . i'm also in college and run into similar issues . then i realized you actually responded to my thread on the matter : ... / rant . ntps and stps encouraged to come in and tell me why i'm wrong the ntps , [ or ti doms and ti secondaries really ] i know are potentially some of the smartest individuals i've ever encountered , ... this thread is overwhelmingly useful . if you think you've bested all the intjs in the intj forum merely because we've responded to your troll thread , you're wrong . it's just as entertaining on our end . perhaps more so . i've experienced the same . it sucks . it wastes time , it makes you feel stupid . been there , done that . let me tell you about the light at the end of the tunnel . i won't sell speed-reading as the ... this is the most pragmatic thread i have ever seen . the world has probably become a better place because of this thread . ( where the hell are the moderators ? ) we aren't robots , but we certainly do a better job of not bending to the will of the plebeians the way you entps do : mellow : if you're intj you're intj . the sooner you accept the strengths and ... dana scott [ scotty ] from suits seems very ntj . a line comes up when she's speaking to harvey , who is ... thank you sir , for your contribution to the thread . anyone else ? all you had to say was yes intjs draw me , or no intjs don't . thanks all , for the responses . interestingly enough , there does seem to be a difference based on the responses so far . this is more or less what i had in mind when i imagined such a ... get out of here , entp : laughing : alright ladies and gentlemen , let's keep it short and sweet . entjs are typically linked with infps and intps . intjs are typically linked with enfps and entps . i have no belief in a fixed , ... i'm all for smashing stereotypes that are totally false , but that's just not the situation in this case . why would anyone ever vote for intj ? even if we care deeply about something or someone , ... 1 . like you entps , intps , intjs , enfps , esfjs , esfps , istjs , estjs , enfjs 2 . are neutral towards you istps , isfjs , entjs , isfps , infjs 3 . don't like you i must say that i'm a little surprised by the results : laughing : i expected half of the nts to be workaholics , running on 3 and 4 hours sleep for days on end , a neverending cycle of caffeine ... i think you're actually pretty spot on about the ne-ti thing , as i've heard repeatedly that when you become stressed , your shadow functions come out . but this would make you behave very entp-ish ... long post , sorry . hopefully this helps you out . typing it all has actually helped me significantly . some important points before we begin : 1 ) extraverted thinking ( te ) is your ... okay nts , ironically , i'm pretty tired right now as i am typing this , but i wanted to get this thread out there as soon as possible . we live in a very busy world . we want to fill up the time with ... i would recommend watching it anyways . the snowman has such a minor role [ comparatively ] don't let one less than appreciable-at-surface-value character ruin the movie for you before you've given ... i've found music to be the most surefire route to introverted feeling . i wouldn't say it necessarily causes me to express fi , rather than tune into it , and use it to back ni and te . i can call upon ... intps seem to be the most common in my experience , followed by intjs . i'm an intj myself however , it seems i attract a lot of introverted friends . plus i don't have a large sample size as ... according to myers briggs ( or jung , i can't remember ) , your fourth function fully develops around your late twenties to thirties . this would explain why people describe much of the awkwardness ... i don't have time to respond to each and everyone one of your posts - but it sounds like most of you are saying the same sorts of stuff . summary for people just walking in : if you're socially ... going off of my knowledge of functions , probably intps . it is the nature of ti to seek understanding to the highest level possible - even beyond the point of practical application . entps seem to be ... do you know of any ? do you have a desire to be charismatic behind a podium ? has anyone ... if i found a girl like you irl i would go for her without hesitation . mainly , i want someone there that supports me when necessary ( and i her when necessary , ) but that has a lot of her own drive and ... > we have goals > we need help with these goals > connections provide potential avenues of help > connections facilitate goal achievement a thread for telling us a little bit about your ... isfj mom , intj dad . when i'm frustrated with my parents , it's usually my mother's lack of risk taking and logic . and with my dad it's his fixation on points of interest that prevent him from ... tell me this sounds familiar , and that some of you have battled through it : you're in room with two or three people . your natural desire is to come across as composed and respectable , yet you find ... '