' i absolutely feel at home on a stage . it's what i do , not professionally yet , i'm a student . i've never shyed away from acting , i only started it maybe 3 years ago , but i'd always wanted to try it . i ... where in the world have you been ? where would you love to go ? entps , do you keep things for nostalgic and / or sentimental reasons ? do you hoard things that remind you of your childhood , or people in your life ? i get very stressed if i know someone really dislikes me for a reason i know to be invalid , i tend to start off diplomatic and open until i come across blatant stubbornness and unwillingness to make ... she's gone : suicide i don't know if threads can be deleted or not her parents know , but no information yet update : she's missing having friends i don't eventually get paranoid about and cut myself off from school also , i don't believe indulging in some sort of substitute for these urges of yours is the best thing . you'll only keep reminding yourself of what you want to do . instead of finding a similar ... if you have any similar urges regarding people's pets , or humans , i would agree with this idea also at school , infjs would hang around with other infjs and a few infps , smoke like chimneys and talk about smoking i personally like estjs quite a lot , but i would say that these people who dislike them and also want to be them do not get on well with estjs , but they see their lives as being fun , exciting , ... you were for myself , and the two on the left . it's difficult to tell personality when someone is laughing i suppose yup no context i'm actually the one on the far right . curious how p and j seem to be the easiest elements to spot on a face 497449 what type would you say each person is ? post a name / or list of names that you would use for your alter ego , be it a stage name , superhero name or whatever the bloody hell you like you can explain if you want go nuts b crea 8tive ... she got that information about her kidneys from her doctor but it was based on a test of her urine , and she only told him about the medication and pills she's on and not the cocaine i don't know how ... i don't believe so . apparently they're very strict . i worry they wouldn't support her but to be honest i don't know she seems to be so determined to sort out the situation herself but i don't know ... of course , to talk and stuff but she takes the situation very lightly , she laughs about it a lot , i wouldn't know how to approach her seriously about it my friend is addicted to cocaine apparently her kidneys are failing ( or will if she continues ) because of the toxins in her system , including antidepressants and painkillers her arms are scratched ... white is a way of being what enneagram stuff . if you are sx ( as opposed to sp or so ) you're prone to valuing intensity of emotion and closeness with people and so on i feel anxious just thinking about planning , haha . if an entp wanted to let you do all that work , would you be okay with that ? i'm curious , how would the p drive you crazy ? it may be . i have pretty high fe . but i don't always trust my instincts about other's emotions ( even though i'm usually right ) . i always appreciate when someone is honest about their feelings and i ... intp i'd say i'm fascinated by the romans and greeks but mainly the romans . especially impressed by their architecture , politics and superior battle tactics . such beauty and strength was combined ... maybe i could trick people into thinking i'm a good photographer . or writer . or any kind of artist . entp and catholic thank you very much , i like this . cosmonaut cat will have to do though . i'm content with this for the moment . i'll probably change it again tomorrow anyway . this one's temporary . representing my transition into a new self derp derp i made this because i'm indecisive . you think i could choose just one food to rule them all ? click the reply with quote , otherwise i can't get notified about your reply . hope you enjoy yourself posting here . what do you find so fun about us , i wonder ? playing a link between worlds . love it . love the puzzles . beautiful design , and smooth controls . there's one boss i just can't get the hang of though . thank god there's free reign over the order of ... i've been represented by the salar de uyuni for far too long . bolivian salt flats just don't cut it anymore for an avatar . give me your snazziest suggestions , minimalism is dead to me from now on ... aww thank you . : blushed : a lot are argumentative . i'm one of the least argumentative entps i know , which is down to me qenuinely appreciating harmony . my brother is an intj and drove me nuts ... i remember being new , it wasn't long ago . i tried very hard to be witty . no one noticed my terrible jokes . that's why i love this place . shaydewolfe i'm a 17 year old girl too . i don't want to leave you hanging here all on your lonesome . how are you , new infp . i'm an entp . i had a feeling that was the side of us you'd come across . all of what you've said is true in some cases . the truth is ( obviously i can't speak for all of us but i digress ) is that a lot of us are ... do you guys generally come across as laid-back , or intense ? at first , i mean . or are you like us , starting off as laid-back and gradually appearing more and more dramatic ? ( sometimes it's the ... sometimes infps intrigue me because i like to think that secretly they're hyper-judgemental , malevolent , vengeful hate-filled bastards with a true disgust for everyone around them . their only curse ... because we're frauds , right ? and we don't really have any true feelings towards anything , because we can convince ourselves of anything . therefore rendering us empty self-preserving shells with no ... intense connections are so important to me that my former enemy and i know each other more than some of my friends know me am i just using my two best friends to feel close to someone , or is that what friendship is ... sometimes i over-dramatize what i tell them just to intensify our bond over the situation i try to ... it is indeed . it would be naive to expect people to take me as i am no matter what . can't . only medium available to me through which i can make plans or talk to friends at home , seeing as i never bothered to buy a decent mobile phone . i'd rather be in control of people's opinions of me than be completely oblivious . one can't assume that large assumptions aren't made based on little things , and also one can't assume that these ... entp - insanity - sfa 2 miki look at me all on stage and shit 482153 4821 61 ^ i'm the one in the middle . i'm important so that's why i get to have a microphone fused to my face . 482169 even when i don't have dialogue , i ... friendly , compassionate , wise-looking , experience-wearied eyes is a trend i'm noticing '