' about the only thing i think about any and all stereotypes is how useless , limiting , and uninformed they generally are . generalizations i think about quite a lot , as this leaves room for ... currently reading : the future of the mind by michio kaku the sixth extinction by elizabeth kolbert and just finished reading : the prince by niccolo machiavelli flatland by edwin abbott i haven ’ t read fountainhead but i ’ ve read atlas shrugged and loved it . i didn ’ t agree with all of it of course , but it made me think and question things , which is all that i really ask from a book ... just did it . good luck with your project . i don't know if this was intended or where your name was inspired from , but i just read your name in gollum's voice ... he just sounds intj to me . psychology today has a clean little list of sociopathic traits that don't quite match up with your list : how to spot a sociopath | psychology today one of my ... haha ! now there's a scary thought ! ;) i do . i have a little black notebook for my own thoughts and i jot down quotes or things i find interesting in books that i read , and i have about a hundred documents on my laptop of thoughts and ... interesting posts in this thread ... for me , i don't talk to anyone about feelings , ever . i just never have , i don't find it .. useful ? i just don't see how they can help me , i guess , when its an ... so many haters . i actually quite enjoy astrology , and gave it a good run in the past , though i did find it to be limiting . still , it's a nice building tool , just not a means to an end ( then again , i ... nope nope nope . i understand how illogical it is to fear something so small and harmless ( where i live in canada they're not poisonous or anything ) , and i understand that it's mostly fear of the ... one , a crown on my left forearm . ( this might be long because i'm bored and have to wait an hour to go to an appointment . sorry in advance . ) i grew up on a cattle farm ( we raise charolais / simmental , for any other cattle people on ... intj leo ( rising virgo , moon aquarius ) entp . i actually love to work on my house . renovating and design is a very peaceful hobby , for me . i've spent most of this day cleaning and organizing the house , and prepping the bathroom to be painted , ... i'm just going to answer every question in your neatly bulleted list because i'm uncreative and enjoy lists : do you wish to be financially independent ? more than anything . do you wish to ... i just become extremely sociable and more relaxed in general , and introduce myself to absolutely everyone and listen to their life stories . it takes quite a few drinks though . but i don't get ... why don't i want kids ? just not a priority . i have a million things i want to do , and have kids is not one of them . i'd want them to go to a certain prestigious school , visit all these museums and ... i'm a sun leo , moon aquarius , rising virgo . this is extremely and almost frighteningly accurate . it seems that a lot of people just shrug this stuff off as fluff and then criticize it passionately ... do you find people interesting ? honestly , no , lol . i used to , when i was a kid . i liked trying to analyze and observe people , predict them , sort and structure them into groups and so on , but not ... hey lol , we're neighbours - i'm in manitoba . snow flying over there yet ? cool , i like the monkey one . i mostly photograph animals and landscapes . just a fun little hobby . :) and i have a flickr : flickr : diamond sails ' photostream edit : well , i tried to add some ... yeah , what the hell is an infp ? ! ( just kidding ! ) but truth be told , i haven't actually met too many infps yet .. welcome to perc ! i think i'd end up in ravenclaw . pff , jupiter's always been a jerk ... lol , you can't really do anything wrong here so long as you have an open mind .. which usually isn't a problem for infps . ;) hey , welcome to perc . man , there's like 15 year olds on here , so ... no worries about age lol . i'm 23 , myself . how long have you been into mbti , if i may ask ? what do you mean , lol ? a thousand and one ideas / theories / facts interest me , but i don ’ t really have any questions about it – i just search for more information , as well as ways its currently being ... i've read the books and really enjoyed them . i just got into the tv series . i finished season two , now just waiting for season three to be available on dvd ... i joined ! intj and christian . hold onto your hats , there's some deep philosophy about to go down : blue … big … contains lots of living things … and water … ingenious , really . ineverjustthink : i guess what i ’ m just wondering is , how do you think that brain differences between males and females is helpful ? what are we trying to prevent or predict ? i ’ m just finding it ... i ’ ve never met another intj female , or even intp … but then again , statistics do say that they are very , very rare . so what ? i don ’ t understand why you care so much . honestly , the way you ’ re going on , ... i ’ m absolutely the same way . i gave up playing them because it became a chore and i wasn ’ t having fun anymore . i didn ’ t want side quests , those little movies that play at random intervals , i just ... why do the guardians get to be so delicious ? i want to be a kit kat . haha , here is where the infj and intj differ , i see … as i don ’ t quite understand a single thing you just said ( no offense ; i just can ’ t / don ’ t think that way ) . anyways , i don ’ t think i have any ... hmm , i ’ m not a deep isfp but i am an artistic intj haha . my parents weren ’ t artistic either , but i was lucky that they ’ re extremely laid back and open-minded , and leave me to my own devices . if ... 5am . i'm a morning person , that's all . i don't get up to do more , i get up to enjoy more : sun rising , birds singing , make some coffee , etc . definitely the perfectionism and forgetting to eat . also , not being affectionate / cuddly , so people think i'm uninterested / cold . blegh ... hello and welcome to the forum ! :) w ... what ? why can't you just ... move out , rather than wait for them to die , if you don't mind me asking ? i'm not an infp but i really liked under the water . i don ’ t analyze or type people , i just casually observe . i get a “ vibe ” from someone , and then with time and experience i build upon it . i ’ m not really interested in understanding people ( in a feely ... yes ; my parents are very good people and brought me up to be a decent person . i believe in being responsible , honest , loyal , and all that good fluffy stuff . integrity is very important to me . ... my parents tried to keep them ( i was an honour roll / straight as student and an artist , so i drew elaborate things all over my papers ) , but i always tossed them when i could ; i didn't understand why i ... lead , follow , or get out of the way . confident but not arrogant . and intelligent , definitely . intj  no , and i don ’ t know why you seem so cheerful imaging yourself as one . i think you have a romanticized image rather than a basic understanding of sociopathic / psychopathic behaviour and lifestyle . '