' to correct myself , i reread some scenes and : - isabelle hoped that , when jace came living with them for the first time , he would be brooding and needing her , and she hated seeing how independent he ... to correct myself , i reread some scenes and : - isabelle hoped that , when jace came living with them for the first time , he would be brooding and needing her , and she hated seeing how independent he ... i actually made this thread a while ago if you'd like to read it i can still see alec as an istj , but his fi seems less ... i . if you get what i'm saying ( despite the awful way of phrasing ) . jace is sooo corny on the tv show ! it's like an even cheesier ... [ / quote ] for the infernal devices ( one of the series where i liked every mentioned character above - something like that rarely happens :) ) tessa : i have seen theories for her being infj and infp ... i think that the tv series shadowhunter's characters are very different from the books characters . clary : book - isfp tv - esfp jace : book - estj tv - istp simon : book - intp tv - enfp alec : ... jane eyre - infp 4w5 1w ? 6w5 ( not sure about the order ) mr rochester - unhealthy enfj , or entx 6w5 3w2 8w7 ( ? ) mrs reed - estj john reed - estp eliza reed - istj georgiana reed - esfp ms temple - estj ... hey ! i have been reading the legend trilogy by marie lu and i was interested in your opinions on the characters types . here's what i think : day - isfp or infj . in the beggining , he seemed for ... atticus - infj scout - xnfp jem - esxj . my opinion changed from one to another a lot . calpurnia - esfj boo radley - isfp bob ewell - istp dill harris - infp ( ? ) miss maudie - esfj ( ? ) aunt ... ted - i agree with captain mclain , he seems to vary from infj to isfj . 4w5 7w6 9w1 lily - she uses fe . she manipulates people using fe and fe excuses for her behavior ( i am not offending her , she is ... what do you think about rose ? i absolutely loved her . i think she is extp , but i'm not sure harvey - entj 6w5 3w2 8w7 sx / sp mike - infp 9w1 5w4 1w2 sp / sx jessica - entj 6w5 3w2 1w2 sp / sx louis - istj in a si-fi loop 1w2 6w5 4w3 sp / sx donna - enfj . the way she reads people just seem like a ... i still see her as more of an fe user . her occasional bluntness and the fact that that she hides her feelings don't instantly make her te-dom . take blair waldorf for example . she can be really blind ... the scenarios do influenciate the behavior , but amongst all of the girls , spencer is the one who seems to be the most worried about solving things and staying safe . even when they are in danger , the ... annie - esfj silver - enfp adrianna - unhealthy enfj . she uses ni-se when plotting . naomi - esfx . honestly , i can see reasons for both . ivy - isfp navid - enfj dixon - i don't really see enfj , i think ... i agree with livind dead about ali being 2w3 . she also gave a pretty good explanation why . i do think ali has 8 somewhere on her tritype , but is surely not her first one . the same goes for spencer ... i agree with most of it . based only on impressions , i'd say tyler is istp . ian is a feeler , but i see him as more xxfj . i agree on keegan being nf , but he says he is super outgoing and open about ... hey , what do you think of cece now ? i'm guessing unhealthy enfj . all she wanted was to be loved and accepted , and her obsession over the girls seems like a projection of her loneliness . and now ... ashley benson - estp troian bellisario - infj shay mitchell - esfx , most likely esfj lucy hale - isfj ( in contrast to hanna - esfp , spencer - entj , emily - isfj and aria - ixfp ) i agree ! guillermo as an isfp makes incredible sense . oscar was indeed very stereotypical . nowadays they just want to throw the broken rebellious boy everywhere . i agree that he is an se user and ... hey ! has anyone ever read i'll give you the sun by jandy nelson ? that's such an nf-y book . what are your thoughts on the characters ' types ? jude - enfj noah - infx ( ? ) sometimes i see fi , ... no way isabelle is an entj . first of all , she is an si user - she goes by the book , gets mad at clary when she doesn't , and also has a hard time trusting others ( particularly boys ) because of what ... what were the diferences between intp and intj you read about ? annabeth : intj 6w5 ( or 5w6 , i can see both ) 3w4 1w ? percy : isfp ( he doesn't seem to use neither ni or te , but his actions are more fi-based . i can see esfp too ) 9w8 7w8 2w1 grover : ixfp 1w9 2w1 ... the two people i'm closest and tell everything to are my infj 9w1 - 4w5 - 7w6 best friend and my intj 6w5 - 2w1 - 9w1 brother . i think ni doms make amazing friends with whom i can be myself with and get me ... i usually got more fi than fe from her as well what do you think about her father's type ? i think he is very inspiring as well hey ! i have been reading i am malala , by malala yousafzai . i read online she is an enfj , and i can see why , but her father ziauddin sounds like the epitome of an enfj , and i find it hard to believe ... i love phoebe too . when she showed up and begged holden not to leave ... that got me balling my eyes out . i think she is hard to type function-wise because of her age , but as soon as she saw holden ... in the first few pages , there are arguments that are pretty much he is insensitive towards other people's feelings , he is smart and he makes mean jokes ( about t over f ) . seriously ? fi can be ... yeah , i realised i was projecting myself into her after i posted my last post . you were right . now i'm sold on entj ok , you convinced me on ni / se . but when i compare her to the extjs i know ( and i hate doing this because people are much more complex . but i am very close to 4 extjs and they just pop into my ... i just don't see te in lydia in seasons 3 , 4 and 5 . she is all about group harmony , taking care of the pack , connecting with that banshee from eichen house , helping parrish undersatand who he is ... am i the only one who thinks the characters ' personalities changed from season 2 on ? usually from intuitive to sensor aria was originally written as infj ( maybe infp ) . she was very intuitive . than ... i agree with exfp , but i'm leaning more towards enfp . i googled some of her quotes and saw other interview by the way . she seems to be very excited about coming up with new ideas and having changes ... john green usually writes about xnfx females and xntx males . the fault in our stars : hazel = infj . she has ni humor and she always puts gus and her parentes before herself gus = entp , with well ... i didn't know there was a book ! i only saw the movie , and to be quite honest , i think it was average . is the book worth it ? rosie - most certainly esfj alex - he was very underdeveloped . the only ... i also thought she was ixfj at first , but i wasn't sure about si x ni , whereas i was sure about her fe . i think her dominant function would be more the most obvious one , so i guessed exfj . and not ... yes , i also think calypso is very relateable . and i had never thought about rachel dare , but enfp fits her very well yes , i also think calypso is very relateable . and i had never thought about rachel dare , but enfp fits her very well i agree . cassie is more s than n and jake is istj 3 of the best movies ever . i agree celine is xnfp . jesse seems enfj ohh , and calypso . i adore her . it's quite obvious she has fe . percy's initial impression of her had fe written all over . however i'm still torn between si and ni . she seems to be very idealistic and ... what do you guys think about what i said about lydia ? oh , that's right . people ( myself incluided ) must have guessed infp beacuse he is clearly a fi-dominant and his emo tendencies in season one are one of the infp steryotypes i agree ! i don't know how people think ross is intj . all of the ni dominants i know crave to be different than anyone else and don't usually believe in everything because it is ... i don't know , ... elena - isfp damon - estp stefan - isfj caroline - esfj bonnie - isfj katherine - entx . i came convinced she was entj , but after reading some replies , i'm torn lexi - enfj alaric - ixtx matt - istj ... i agree that sj fits blair more than nf . however , i see her as esfj . besides what i've previously said , blair needed to be looked up to and admired and liked to have people around her 24/7 . she ... another thing i forgot to mention about blair is that she had a s-like logic . an enfj , even when he / she hates someone and dislikes something they did , he / she tries to see it from their point of ... oh , and i thought better and i think maia is an istj instead of istp . her first pov chapter was all about how much she distrusts and dislikes attractive men because of her experiences with her ... well , jace is very stuck on the past . in his pov chapters , he is constantly reliving his time with valentine and the very beggining of his life with the lightwoods and comparing those experiencies ... '