' wondering if you have any insight or thoughts , as it would be helpful to many in a big area of life . i'm in small business , and everyone wants something for nothing . i have to deal with bad ... please do tell here . i suspect one of ( or my , i'm not sure ) greatest failed relationships was with an ambivert of the sfp persuasion . it built and built , and ran out of oxygen in a flash , making ... both your perspectives are very interesting to me . thank you ! poor guatemala though ... sounds like she has great fe at least , and that is essential for staying friends with combustible fi-doms , from ... hotter than hell when together . incinerating when ended . i never leave any soul mate btw . it's hard when you give someone all the power . complete surrender to another's will and being . and you ... same curiosity as posed to our equally lovely brethren at : hi function siblings ! ... hi function siblings ! how's everyone doing ? if you want to , will you talk to me about how you conduct your friendships , their quality , and what they are like ? and so on . i'd love to hear your ... this season's another wild social experiment , with a twist to keep it interesting . good typing fodder . i'm watching this 28th edition bc it's less of a replication of past seasons . what do you guys ... join the miss lonely hearts club , sister ... me and mine too , just like you . everyone's taking it to the grave . i can't so i won't is easier than i'm afraid of how you make me feel . i want the safe ... you guys are onto something interesting , at least i think so . the environment's very noisy , so most people , i see tuning it out , unless they like that sort of thing . but everyone gets tired , and we ... best mentor-disciple relationship i've seen ! here's a beautiful video illustrating . :) nice interview ! i agree with callie rose . stana is definitely a fi dominant ifp . the interview is a prime example of very healthy fi . i love her beckett expressions , amazing emotional capturance .  ... anyone else love this show ? i'll resist taking a stab for now , since i'm pretty terrible at typing . neal : kate : mozzie : alex : sara : burke : elizabeth : excellent series , i'd highly recommend it , except for what ilene put jenny through . i'd call that a thorough character assassination , that was very unfair to all who were involved , especially mia , ... i was always curious . how many are sx , sp , so first ? it's definitely not an even split . it seems like so as a dominant drive has the majority , followed by sp , and then sx to me . what do you think ? ... 86th percentile familial expectations , i'd cut an artery every time . and they don't even care how much it hurts me . it's a self-centered view i hold i know ... hell yes ! it sounds like a dream collaboration . i often hear that i don't give clear enough direction , but that's because it's a feeling and how do you explain that ... so people with our strengths ... * raises hands while squirming around , trying to stand up awkwardly taking the chair with her as a desk tutu * me me me me ! i would love to gush about this most special type , the only type i experience ... hmmm , i think i can be a sad enfp as well as introverted with my habits . but i would never treat my intj even close to this if the world was ending . she's been up to pasting the pieces together , not ... oh boy do i love you guys . i think a best friend from long ago was one of you , and being around her , i always felt safe and strong and confident , which perpetuates a cycle of good feelings . she also ... yes , but i don't want to be . i also feel that i've squandered about 99 % of my potential . no one even knows what i like and why , or who i am , even though i constantly am showing and explaining it to ... oh look , it must be rutting season ... :d ry : you might break an antler . competition's fierce . now if they only knew what they were getting themselves into , i wonder if they would still try . i am ... thanks for the insight frenchie . i'm sorry about the fear office politics you were subjected to by the less than secure supervisors you mentioned . we should all work together on a group ... i shoot out hedgehog quills of poison-tipped spines when threatened . :D she's gotta be some sort of inf - , by how she sings , and from her behavior , dumping her label and going off to a cottage in england to record an album on actual tape . beautiful melodies , lyrics , ... thornybones , i agree with a lot of the issues you raised . it explains why i can't be in crowds , i can't channel all of them at once ! when i've been around someone else and relatively new who i ... i'm with you on the trend . tied sx and sp here . but i probably would have developed dominant sx if it weren't for my so unstable it's almost funny childhood . one person's all i need at one time , ... some that i like that haven ’ t been mentioned , and others i want to repeat . :) i agree with the general collective ’ s suggestions . * shakes stinger to communicate with the beehive * paris je t ’ aime ... i can ’ t stress how much you guys are helping me . i want to write specific responses to everyone . everyone ’ s just about dead on bulls-eye with their commentary and advice . my therapist just didn ’ t get ... you're sweet cynically smiling . i love your user name . i think we should start a thread where we share our wry smiles . i think i was emotionally acting out . i felt some shock over the unfamiliarity , ... i don't know how to word this , but i feel like i never change , not drastically like the people around me and even those i consider my closest friends . who i show to the world is consistent and by far ... no surprise here . 30l - 70r split . no wonder the family still hasn't been able to stamp it out of me , despite their rallying effort . excuse the bitter humor . i just like the idea of waddling with an egg balanced between my feet . ( flippers ? ) i think i could see the bright side if you had called infps beetles too , lol . glad you thought of us . this was funny and sweet . :) brought me laughs . i do get the chirpy chihuahua from my friends ... now i can tell them , you're cold , with a bow tie ... i have a hard time deciding between borderline p / j , and t / f come to think of it , but i feel these characters are inf at least . please mull , dissect , argue , counterargue . if you've got any thoughts , ... 184 , low enough to consider myself full of b-ness . think it's mainly because question 20 sacked me with points ; i exercise tooons . mainly because i like to be ready for anything , and hate the idea of ... i almost disappeared into its world after seeing the fluid trailer . stunning piece . i'll go this weekend when everyone else is seeing that awful hangover sequel . my inner five year old still wants me ... :) i've got nothing more to say to that , now that i have used up my allotted corny joke already . i'm falling off the track early on on the road to becoming a general practitioner in some under-served ... basically everything in the infp collective , as well as , or in particular : castle bones nikita true blood the simpsons the black donnelleys ( every infp will relate to / be tommy . ) death ... can't be too far off from what your picture indicates . early 20 ' s i'd guess . i am college-aged . like a bad cheese . baked brie , let's say . haha , nice to meet you . now isn't that something ? i suppose i could trek into the city one day , buddy up at one of the many corner food dispensers , confirm you're not a psycho , and then go climbing fire escapes . :D although ... [ in a rough order , and excuse me for my ambiguous meanings . i'm not as good with words as everyone pegs me . cause after listening / reading , they still don't get it and i end up frustrated . apologies ... i like to stand on high ground and stare solemnly at the sky , hoping for black holes to move so i can identify them ! or pigeons , when it's daytime . :p but we're still less sick than most everyone else . :) felt so good a couple days ago . this is a great expression of it , better than i'd know how to put it , and it prolongs the high . although that always fades .  ... what does she like to do for fun , when there's no perceived pressure ? the extreme emotions check out . everyone comments on my mood swings . i can usually be found singing and dashing , or crying ... thanks mei . i appreciate the reply . i get sweet-talked into doing things i first protest too often by non-nfs . i wish i had more nf friends too . oh ... i get a whole state to myself . :( such slim pickings . :P has it ever happened to you ? i only feel bad about smashing the other person's ideal when they're nfs . if they're clearly not , i don't really . there are usually other factors that make it ... :P a pigeon ! '