' just thought of another , when people try to win an arguement that happens to take place around other people via what i believe is call ad populum . i realize this but the problem is that many people think that this means no generalization to which a subset of snowflakes would belong applies to them . that their similarities with any onther ... i have to admit it probably is the idea that they believe their own inconsistant logic that irks me . i may be wrong but i would think that intjs would be among the least likely to be heavily laden with guilt . then again maybe just less likely to realize it . interesting . criticisms are good but need contributions too : ) . and snowflakes are a good metaphor for people due precisely to the fact that like humans they are all differant in small ways but essentially ... i know how you feel . i've been in that same spot for quite some time myself and am also trying to change it . it really does suck from someone like us to lose motivation because we kick the hell out ... that human are somehow inherantly special . the fact the we are the most intelligent thing on this planet is no more evidence of this than 6 being the highest number on a normal die . something has to ... i like that movie but in reality in this day and age they would take his child . im planning on getting my captains license and seeing if i enjoy that more before i take the drastic step of going ... i would have to quit my job to go back to college . i work on a boat for a month at a time and unlike now we are normally moving and often times i dont even have internet access on my phone . its not ... tbh i dont entirely trust currently taken personality tests as i do believe myself to be somewhat depressed and i believe that skews things some . as far as finding things morally repugnant , i dont ... just as an aside , your sig seems to indicate that you are more likely intp as far as cog functions go . they're never really accurate but it might be something to consider if you find that we are ... yea antidepressants are out of the question for the reasons stated above . as you pointed out , psychotherapy is proven generally more edfective than antidepressants . my job does keep me working with ... you guys are peaking my interest in biochem lol . never learned much about it but it is interesting . would probably give me more ammunition when argueing against free will too lol i dont remeber which study it was right now or where i read it even but i seem to remeber reading that most anti-depressants had about the same success rate as a placebo with psychotherapy ( talk ... i have but its not often that i have trouble getting alone time when im at home and not possible to get it when im at work . in any case i dont mind people in small numbers most of the time but it ... i agree it probably is diet / exercise related as both are poor as well as thinking habits . cynical doesnt even come close sometimes but anyway yea dont take my critisisms too hard . its in my nature ... the reason a job change isnt feasible is because im the father of a 2 year old and this is the only job where im ever likely to make a 6 figure income without many years of collage . im not making ... thanks for the thoughts wolf but positive thinking isnt something that really works for someone like me ... and positive thinking ( or rather lack therof ) is kinda the problem with depression . i could ... just looking for some advise from other similar personalities on my long standing but mild depression . its sapped my motivation and even dented my confidence . i have been down for several year ... close . i work for a tow boat company on the mississippi , illinois , and ohio rivers . about to start working on getting my pilots license . most of them net over 100k . i don't really care much about ... i have tested intj or something near equivilent since highschool . ( i'm 26 now ) i did good early in school and consider myself relatively intelligent , though not exceptionally so . i stopped doing so ... agnostic because i simply do not know . i do find it highly improbable that any religion has an exactly correct grasp of what / who god is if one or more do exist . i do think the morality taught in ... i'm idealistic in my goals sometimes but rarely idealistic in my expectations , especially of others . as far as which particular ideal i hold at any given time , that changes a lot as i question , ... i voted no because i do not like myself . nor , however , do i dislike myself . i was not given something to compare myself to . i do believe a thing can exist with out anything else but in order to ... i find that it is rarely this simple . there are almost always multiple gain and losses from each point of view for each individual potential action taken in any situation . after considering those , ... thanks for the thoughts guys . keep em coming . ( my phone won't let me hit the thank button ) will have more input myself when i have time . elegantly put . i do often find myself stifling my feelings at times when i probably shouldn't as this situation does not require objectivity . i believe this is because i find it hard to think and ... another thought : does constantly striving to view situations involving people ( and nessacerily , their feelings ) from an objective standpoint negatively effect ones ablility to empathize . i ask this ... these descriptions of situations are exactley indicative of what i'm talking about . i think a better title for this thread would have been the sociall effects of objectivity . i am trying to avoid ... i see my question was poorly worded . i meant to ask for thoughts on an emphasis on objectivity and how it effects ones self as well as others in the different areas of life . i realize my going off ... i guess i should define objectivity as i understand it first . to my understanding it is to examine something without bias of any kind . that being stated , objectivity is something i strive to achieve ... if i were to say that intuition is subconscious intellectuall proccessing and thinking is the conscious version , would that be vaguely accurate ? well given that i think the universe is a causal one , i must admit that i'm not 100 % sure of anything because i odviously don't know everything and anything might effect anything else but this is ... on what i believe to be a similar note ... anyone ever see a situation from so many different ( often times conflicting ) points of view that you become what i guess is entirely objective and cannot ... on what i believe to be a similar note ... anyone ever see a situation from so many different ( often times conflicting ) points of view that you become what i guess is entirely objective and cannot ... most of the time i can figure out where the connection came from in normal , everyday life . its in abstract thought experiments and topics that i have little knowledge and understanding of ( like ... i could not have stated my thoughts on the matter any better . it's not a question of whether or not someone will betray , but under what circumstances or with what frequency they are likely to . sometimes it seems that my intuition will make rather far fetched connections or what i guess u might call leaps of logic that are far beyond what i can process with conscious thought . i find ... interesting thread . i also love to plan my conversations ahead of time , sometimes to the point of knowing which words i want to emphasize ( because they will likely lead the conversation down a ... i find listening to other people tell each other those little lies that seem to be expected of normal friends to be most annoying . also watching someone justify the act of a friend that they ... '