' thanks for the responses . i like your idea belle , and you did call me out a bit , which i appreciate ;-) . you are correct in that running around saying i hate my job certainly does not help the ... so here it is , i am 44 years old and i still don't know what the heck i want to do with my life , or the rest of it at this point ;-) so i will just put it out there - have any of you found ways of ... well obviously we can be friends with anyone , as one poster said , and many intimate relationships start out as friendships . but , to the question , yes you can be friends with a a member of the ... this has always been an issue for me , i am 44 , so i think it is probably pretty common . obviously everyone is different but procrastination i believe is mostly about fear of not doing something ... depends on what you are looking for but i like most things written by larry mcmurtry , my all time favorite book is lonesome dove . if you like horror , the stand , by stephen king , is excellent . lots of queens of the stone age . i discovered them about a year ago after i started taking guitar lessons ... well the kind of conflict i try to avoid , and hate , is conflict in intimate relationships whether that be with a friend or a partner . i have no problem with conflict when it comes to non-personal ... honestly , i don't really agree with the blanket statement that infps should not go to college . first , let's just keep it real , while there are certain professions that don't require a college degree ... i am now married , and i have been in many relationships over the years and it seems that no matter how right a relationship may have seem that i was always kind of looking . i don't know if this was ... sarcasm seems to be a thing with us infps . i have done it for so long and i forget that i have to be careful around people who don't know me very well because they will think i am being serious . i have one really good friend with whom i can literally go back and forth having a conversation about the most inappropriate thing in a completely dead pan serious way . we have freaked people out so ... just like you . what i find strange is how my extroverted friends seem to find me so amusing . sometimes i just get on a roll ... i think it's awesome you get into characters at work . i am in sales and i literally have to act my way through my job every day just to survive . i actually don't have much stage fright , i do ... i have always had a dry sense of humor , actually very sarcastic , and surprisingly , people often consider me pretty funny . i have been told by a couple of people that i should do stand-up but i think ... well i don't really get the winter blues anymore because i live in southern california , which is actually sunny most of the time . and when i was growing up in the midwest i did not really get ... i have heard this my whole life and one of the things my friends value about me is that i listen . what i have always found , however , is that until people take the time to get to know they ... for me , i always did poor at math in high school , and most of college , partly becuase i just found it boring and really did not feel it was necessary for what i was trying to do at the time . i think ... interesting question and i am not sure i can put myself in a bubble . in general i have always been more of an urban person , i wanted to live in nyc years ago but ended up living in la . i tend to ... well i think any type can work for a relationship , my wife is an infj , but if i were single again i would probably be looking for an enfj woman . i have never had a romantic relationship with an ... i agree 100 % with sammyboy 265 and i truly laughed out loud because this , in my opinion is the biggest issues that most infps face . the reality is that there all types of areas we excel in but ... i am not sure about all of the specifics about personality type but i do know i did not discover i was an infp until reading do what you are , like you , when i was in my late twenties many years ago ... you know , at first i really liked skype and facetime , but now i try to avoid using them not because i have some aversion to seeing people but because they just seem to take a lot of work and there ... i was raised in a non-religious household although my mom was brought up methodist and my dad was a southern baptist . when i was about 12 , because i had been convinced by some kid at camp that ... i would agree with this and i would say that every job , no matter how much you love it , is going to have a painful tedious part . i like to act but i spent two twelve hour days recently on the set of ... hey usherer . studying law was a decision i made right out of college when i had no idea i was an infp and i had some vague goal of being a crusader for justice : happy : . i did okay in law school but ... i am sure i am an infp . i have tested enfp a couple of times but for the most part infp seems to have been consistent . occassionally i can be extremely extroverted and many people consider me ... theatre psychotherapy sounds interesting usherer and your goals sound really admirable . i think that as infps we really excel at jobs involving counseling and helping people to become their best . i ... well , i completely understand where you are coming from and i will give my two cents , which you can take with a grain of salt . i have spent years working in corporate america and in sales , which i ... i have kept a journal off and on since was around 12 years old , i am 42 now . i used to just journal on more of a random basis until about ten years ago when i read this book called the artist way , ... for me , as an infp , i find enjs most attractive , which is evidently the ideal partner type for an infp . enfj woman just bring me to my knees ;-) lately i have been listening to this great jazz musician robert glasper and , strangely enough , queen . when i was kid my mom bought me the queen album with another one bites the dust but i was ... i am going to leave this alone because i think everything is probably cool and i guess it really does not matter . one of the things i tend to forget , as the first poster mentioned , is that facebook ... yeah , i probably should just let it go and not bring it up . she never really struck me as a big fb person and i know she has kind of an interesting past . perhaps she needed to get off for other ... okay , here is my random situation / question . i recently friended someone i am in a creative writing class with because we are working on a project together and i think she is pretty cool . after she ... thanks for thought and i would like to quit but it is a tough situation . one of the factors i did not mention is that i relocated my family for the job and although we like where would live , and ... about three years ago i returned to a company i had previously worked for for over ten years but i came back in a sales role , after having spent years doing account management . i have always known ... i just came up with a 9 when i did the test , it looks like 4 is the most common . i think i may take the test again because i wonder if my answers may be related more to my current state of mind and ... interesting responses ... thanks ! maybe i am not 100 % infp or i am more idealistic than most : happy : okay , so every four years , when the big election comes around , i start hearing the ghost of my youth , and my conscience , telling me that i should do something and get involved . now although i ... well , when i was a teenager , way back in the ' 80s , i had no idea what my personality type was so clearly you are ahead of the game ;-) with that said , however , i have to say that my teenage years ... i am 41 and this is my perspective . i am still going through the feelings you mention and i am about to be in a career head on crash , as dwk , mentioned in his post . i think my problem as an ... first let me just say that this is a great post ! i wouldn't say that we aren't built for work i just think that we have a hard time tolerating any job that we don't feel serves a purpose and ... thank you for this awesome reply . i work in direct sales , which i hate , but the one thing i can honestly say is that to be successful long term you do need to provide value to customers . the ... outside of winning the lottery , being born into wealth , or having a rich relative die , i am wondering if an infp can ever become financially well off by their own hand . it just seems to me that ... all these replies have been extremely helpful and give me some things to think about . i will share a couple of things about myself . first , i currently work in the completely anti-infp world of ... thanks for the response and it sounds like many of the aspects you find rewarding are what would appeal to me as well . i never thought about being an esl teacher but that sounds like another avenue i ... okay , well my quest to find a career that truly fit's me continues . it occurred to me lately , after being told by my mother for the past fifteen years that i should be a teacher , that she might ... i live in a beach community about an hour north of la and i like the following things : 1 . the weather is awesome , it's always in the 60s and 70s . 2 . it's easy to get everywhere . 3 . cost of ... i have to agree with others that believe being an infp is a great thing . the issues i have had have come more from me fighting my type and pursuing careers , and relationships , which are just ... thanks for posting this link ! i think since we generally only hear about people after they are successful we forget how many times they have failed and how much failure it takes to achieve success . '