' i'd like to think so , but the more i focus on them the worse i feel . my need to make people happy turns it into an unstoppable force meets an immovable object situation . like you said , not there's ... i've recently found that the people i offend are normally just people i wouldn't get along with naturally , anyway . talking to them is akin to walking on eggshells ; i have to go out of my way to make ... i didn't have time to carefully read this , but let me just say , being in love with a depressed intj was probably the most emotionally painful experiences i've had with women . it quickly turned into ... yup exactly :D sorry the reply was so late , university kind of absorbed my life lately . think very literally , and just consider the exact wording of the question . ;D i'm sure you'll get it . i'm mostly the same in this respect , but * before * i remove them from my life , i will go all out and confront them on their behavior , especially if i don't care about them . i won't really hold back ... welp , here goes nothing : ( it may be more of a conundrum , if that's a real distinction :p ) a big rig weighing just barely 40 tons is about to drive over a bridge that can support * exactly * 40 ... after a quick search i didn't find any threads on this in the enfp forum , so sorry in advance if this has been covered already . anyway , i'd like to know what you guys think of passive aggression , ... bu-bu-but . i thought you would say there are 9 birds left . as in left alive . you never said how many were left on the fence ! riddles , man , either you dont pay close enough attention to semantics , or ... i think about how they think it's awkward and that makes me feel the awkwardness . but usually i never stop talking in the first place . :P my brother and i can be doing something together though , and ... rants are perfectly alright , here on the forums . ;) the way i see it is that the mbti is abused to fit the corporate model , and it's used by human resources to justify it's existence . there's even ... is a good site to check - iirc the author has done research to find a neurological connection to the different cognitive types the mbti covers . he also offers a ... well darn . let's just say it was the absolute wrong timing for both parties involved . sad part is it really had potential . at least from my point of view ... its funny ; my infj friend was certain i was infj too . she slowly realised that wasn't the case . ever try to date an enfp girl ? well minus the infj part . infjs have always been my go to friends .. and the infp / intp which ever she be is in need of alone time and such atm . really though you just saved me typing pretty much the same thing . sprinkle some passive agression on the women's part in there and you have exactly it . no i asked u first > : l ok besides whatever is happening in this thread .. i'd like to ask you about how you are with women life haha . pm if explicit detail is too much but the more information the better . people tell me i'm ( 4 ) . but i feel like ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) . basically this , minus ... uh .. actually no ; exactly this . holy shit i get sarcastic as heck and insult them at every possible opportunity . but the person normally thinks i'm just teasing them . usually i don't like them because of how idiotic they are , ... yeah , this one day i found out i could get rosetta stone for ... uh ... a discount .. and ever since then i've decided i * needed * to learn spanish haha . as of now i'm studying it in college . soon to ... yeah , somehow it's always the last song i've listened to . - if you don't like me like that , then why were you flirting with me ? ! ? - but i wasn't ... the thing is i normally am perceptive of what other people are thinking ; at least that was what i thought . it was suprising to hear my friend say that . i will make overly blunt statements from time ... my father used to say the difference between a gentleman and an * * * hole is that the gentlemen intends to offend someone . recently a few people ( more often than not , women ) have taken me aside , ... because its a pizza box with a pamphlet for the jehovah's witnesses inside . :p that tie doe . : cool : the end of the pacific miniseries with sledge had me down for the entire day D: mostly realistic stuff is what bothers me when it comes to psychological horror . if its more supernatural-psychological ... as an enfp in the army , i know you'll be fine . sure , you worry about being more decisive and focused on the task at hand now , but that won't be such a problem after drilling and training , over and ... enfp personality type profile the first part of this has me down to a tee . : cool : definitely worth the read . i end up taking on whatever vibe i get from the people i associate with . it's like an overactive empathy . same thing happens if the person acts dismissive or condescending towards me ... it extends ... one of my best friends is istp and the other an intj . my trifix is 4w5 , 7w8 , 9w8 so yeah that's pretty cool i guess . if the brain were so simple that we could understand it , then we'd be so simple that we couldn't - lyall watson tempus fugit . - vergil and this paragraph of a quote : “ look again at that ... so much this interesting , very helpful post . thank you for clearing that up ! you get a thank . well you can never be too clear ;) well , at least you know what your problem is ! haha for some reason i get reoccurring tendinitis in my right leg ... i love running as well , and i have to say , there is nothing like running a ... i am a freak accident infj who somehow transformed into an enfp through the power of intense childishness and caffeine . i bite , but only lovingly . : angry : spoiler - [ my real name is ... i'm mentally a child and once i get an idea i can't not follow through on it . anyway ; i love how you can thank a post , makes me think you're telling the person ' thank ' . as in , here is one ... yes way my face then was basically the same as my avatar . dannng go on stage and play guitar with them ! thats what one lucky kid did at the concert i was at ! most of my life i went to a tiny crappy catholic private school haha . i just hung out with everyone and stay away from forming a group . didn't help when people would go out to do things ; i was ... meeting people that like the things i like or who can get my random references ^ ^ physical contact is always nice ; like getting my head scratched : 3 i've had the pleasure of seeing chevelle live not too long ago , and , god , they're one of the only bands i listen to that i can say are even better live . i was just curious how common it is ( or even possible ) for a person to change types throughout their lives . for the longest time i've identified as infj , and it was only recently that testing has ... wait everyone loves cats what haha cats are pretty great too ; it's just that i have a cat allergy . : s ( i wish i could own a dog here ; _ ;) when it comes to judgement we have about as much spine as jellyfish . also , do you liek to go fahst ? ? ? that's when you do the burying , though . ;) is it just me , or do all enfps love dogs ? * i do * 161490 :D they're like our archetypal spirit animal , or something . : crazy : '