' first , apologize for adding the the necro post lol . second , this issue is close to home . i have an entp that's very close to me . there are times that i was on the edge of no longer ... my two cents , is that the biggest thing you can get from mbti and cognitive information is understanding how you are now , and how others are . the more significant can actually be understanding ... i'm not sure we would be the best on telling you how to strengthen it . from what little i've read and understand on it , your dominate is usually something that your naturally strong with . i don't ... i learn best when i have someone that's a good teacher . i will then usually read the material . i tried the other way around , and i find that i get very bored if i've seen some of the material ... welcome to the forums ! i've found that some people are border line in one or more of the areas . i think you might get the most out of you might be a istj / intj / xxx if threads . each one pretty ... 1 ) some sj profiles tend to emphasize traditional ways . would you consider yourself traditional ? are there any traditions you find stupid ? this is a mixture for me . some things i really like ... i think the humour from an istj is an acquired taste . it's in the moment . for me , i don't do standup or anything . people usually end up laughing at things i say though . i've put people in tears ... lol , so no notepook writing down times and locations ? j / k so better to attempt a second meeting before asking for a number probably , gauging how intersted she might seem . thanks for the response . i didn't have anyone specifically in mind . i was just wanting to see if any place was better then others . like if its a total waste of time if i see someone in a grocery ... welcome to the cafe ! so are you from france or just being fancy ? :) welcome ! i think you will enjoy this a lot . i have a friend that's an entp and he loves the forums here . welcome to the forums ! hope you enjoy your stay ! i love old school metallica , aerosmith , enya , and mostly the 80 ' s . i was curious what public venues you would be comfortable with a guy striking up a conversation . such as book store , coffee shop , grocery store , etc ? along with that , whats the most comfortable ... i was curious what some of the other istj's do as a hobby ? ... * nods head * what do you mean how does it feel ? i understand your words , but not the order your using them in those m # @ $ # f # @ # $ # @ changed the packaging / name and / or stopped making my ... definetly a lot more talkative one on one . the topic is the most important thing . i have a friend that is an entp and the topics brought up are things that i don't have much interest in . a lot of ... welcome to the boards ! i'm sure you will find some great conversation ! more privatized ? how does that work exactly ? initially they were all country run dr's and hospitals and now some private ones ? welcome to the forum ! you will find it most intersting . infp's are somewhat rare . i know a few personally though . i've recommended it to one of them , to find other infp's . i think you might find ... i'm just curious what health care is like in non us countries . i've read and seen things on tv and documentaries . i would like to hear first hand stories from people around the world . specifically ... welcome to the boards ! how do you like living in canda ? it depends on how the breakup went . the specifics are very important to me . if they were just not happy with the dating situation , i might need a little time away , but then i would probably still ... cautious cautious , calculating , contemplative , and careful . this person likes for things to make sense and to understand the reasons ... d definetly agree with you on all points . i don't think this one will get to heated because we are istj's after all lol . it's part of the reason i wanted to ask istj's . i will probably start a ... the possibility of being pawns is one of the biggest reasons we don't have a leader or a check list . it's also why we don't want to be 100 % for one canidate or one political affiliation . our ... well put . yes , generalizations are bad . i used to have a lot of negative feelings towards the tea party . like most of america i was ill informed and forming opinions with little or no data . we ... a little bit of both really . partially to add something to threads . also , i was curious on a suggestion to me that s's are the reason that things are the way they are . that s's desire things to be ... no favorite words here . kind of a wierd concept to me lol . that's like having a favorite blade of grass :) i can say that disorganized can be applied at times . a leaderless group will be somewhat disorganized . i would disagree everyone in it is anarchist . although there are some in the overall group . ... wow , he definitely has a lot of dislike of it . i don't know how much i want to post here but iwould like to give my thoughts on this gentlemen ’ s statement on it . frank has definitelynever spent any ... i appolgize . i'm not that experienced with using forums . i'll try to keep that in mind for future posts . thanks for that . it's something i've been in discussions with a friend over . i think i'm a lot more open to discussing things then i was ten years ago . i do not enjoy super in depth discussions as ... if its okay to ask infj's reading this post , for both my curiousity and the starter of the posts , have any infj's reading this thread dated an istj ? married an istj ? your thoughts and feelings on ... i , as an istj , am no so direct with my emotions . personally , i think that the fact that he is communicating with you more is a good sign . the more i intitiate contact with a woman , the more i'm ... what are you thoughts and opinions about it , if you don't mind discussing ? lol yes it is an awesome pic ! so i was curious if any other istj have done any research or discussions with anyone that is part of the occupy movement . if so thoughts ? the guys that are saving themselves are usually going to be the ones that don't stand out in crowds or groups . they aren't going to be the ones that have girls going out with them every friday ... i was somewhat interseted until they started asking for $ . anyone that spends more then a second about donating money i worry about . to many people that take advantage of donators . lol this is awesome ! ! ! wow totally forgot about that one . especially something i really like . creme brulee mmm . cookies . good stuff . i'm horrible with cooking so something home cooked is great :) i usually stay at home a bit . think about things a lot . try to watch some movies . preferibly comedies . then when filling a little better i'll usually go driving around . maybe get a coffee or ice ... what i appreciate the most is just a verbal appreciation . it doesn't have to be excessive . even a small ... ( person's name ) , i really appreciate when you did x for me . it's nice to have someone i ... i used to be very much about everything in order and clean . then i got a entp roomate and a dog . i will go on cleaning splurges sometimes . i am much happier when its way cleaners . i just have so ... well i just watched the pilot and perhaps he changes over time . he doesn't strike me as an istj . he does have severe ocd though . a lot of people think that someone with ocd is istj . i would ... thanks niss and perspicacious ! niss for some reason the second one listed gave me a 404 when i clicked on submit . perspicacious ... how did you get that information for the signature ? is that a test on here or another site ? well first let me say i'm not much of a forum's person . i do find it very intersting to be able to look at different personality threads ! also the various threads started by fellow istj's ! some of ... hey buckeye . the biggest thing is finding people of the same or different personality types to interact with . trying to type someone takes serious skills and guesswork and could be wrong . most of ... is it bad i used a credit card to avoid the five words ? '