' lanausseusse thank goodness , yah a bit dark , but its all good :) ... why do i always find myself here ? ... i hope it doesn't end like it always ends ... : unsure : your feeling are understandable , whoever this other person is i hope you realize you don't need anyone else for your own happiness . it'll take a bit of practice but hopefully you'll learn to love ... . lanausee i hate to point it out but i'm catching a suicidal drift from this post . u ok ? sadistic , but not completely egregious . i dont know you but i assume that other then this minor tick your a generally a decent human being . we all feel the urge to lay it on others at times . next ... i had this problem as well . i've have found it helpful to practice a sort of meditation when you see / hear something that you are about to absorb . i'm not sure if i'm the one who invented this but i ... also a new language . sign ( asl or otherwise ) is a good first second language . learn to code ( khanacademy.org is a good place to learn about almost anything ) read start a small business invent ... guitar ! get a cheap one and youtube will take you the rest of the way ! i don't know if its an infj thing or not but i have the same problem . it seems i / we attract those who are hurting . all my friends have sort of used me as some sort of therapist monkey they always ... we had to learn these in health class . wanted traits 1 . intelligent 2 . funny 3 . compromising 4 . humble 5 . driven turn off traits 1 . cocky 2 . selfish 3 . quick to anger infp type most likely to eat their feelings friends with everyone yet , friendless . the prompt for an essay we are writing in my high school is ... is there such thing as absolute truth or is there only perception ? i would like to get others opinions on it as i see it as a ... the one that missed 4/5 days and still made honor roll / the girl that didn't care about her apperance i do the same . have a good week . imma chick , also kidding . yet somehow im flattered ... or dissappionted , cant really tell which . : laughing : how's friday ? : tongue : yes ! that is the entirety of my relationships , and its difficult to distinguish whether its a help or a hindrance , i have nurtured many friendship in which i thought we were both very invested in ... describe the relationship between you and your parents . and / or think / write of a conversation you had with your parents that stands out in your mind as being an accurate reflection of your ... you know what , i don't care your feelings ! sorry , beg to differ . we have a lot of patience when it comes to relationships but a point comes in which your just done , and you'll say anything . i do agree tho that there are very few times when ... bishop was just playing , don't me discouraged . your parents spent a lot of money , if it takes re-teaching yourself everything you learn at school then that's what it takes . i do that for ... when i find someone that is depressed and use chameleonism to help them out and they are to deep into the emotion to be pulled out , it leaves me in their position and deeply depressed how can i help ... i have this problem too sort of . i seem to be more often disappointed , not because people have no sustenance or inter-feelings and thoughts , but because they ether don't know how to express them or ... you could try the no-poo method of washing your hair . it stands for no shampoo , that sounds gross but you will use apple vinegar instead , a simple google search will give you the details . worked for ... thanks ! i would tell my teacher but i would rather not be that student . no need for a pity party . i ended up kinda stealong a memory my brother and sister told me about so that fixed that . i guess . in art class this week we are making dimensional sculptures of a snapshot of a childhood memory . this should be fun and interesting but i seem to have a problem . all the memories i have from ... i tend to take things to the extreme , yes . my best friend happens to be a infp . from my experience , among the other things that make us very different , the one that stands out to me is the fact that they seem to concave into themselves when ... i let the environment tell me what it wants to tell me . if i need more , i obverse the people in the environment . people feed off the energy in the place whether they know it or not . when i have ... words , at least vocal words , don't work for me the majority of the time . writing comes easily , but to say what i mean is difficult . i hate that i takes me time to process what i want to say for it to ... do you have a theory on life , the meaning of life , how / why humans do what they do ? its quite a broad thread but never the less interesting ( to me at least ) . try not to take put down a theory ... i do that too and my friends also find it hard to deal with.they she me floating away when really i just want time to figure it out myself . when i fix it i'll tell them about it and then it'll be ... rarely truly angry , on that note , frustration comes with the territory . stable infj's know how to only reveal a toned down version though . mine is sound , but i didn't know it had to do with the personality . everyone always thinks its really weird i cant listen to music without it being on the lowest setting and other things you wouldn't ... the want to be different . because we want to be different , we are different . reality is perception . everything else is just our subconscious giving us something to back up our own ideas with . i was scared . while living a day that feels like it has repeated itself for days , the meaning of a mundane sentence someone said to a stranger on the bus finally makes sense , on a life lesson level , and you add it ... ... when you tell someone what you truly think and it impresses / surprises / freaks them out so bad you decide to to keep your insight to yourself from then on . maybe its just because i'm an infj but i don't do good with enfj's , everyone else seems to like them though . dr . spencer reid ( criminal minds ) sherlock and mycroft ( b . b . c . tv show 2014 ) gregory house ( house md . ) currently ; the rules of survival , hitchhikers guide to the galaxy , and then will start under the mesquite holding people to high expectations and being continually disappointed . uggg emotionally draining . it seemed harmless because it has always ended with us laughing or giggling . i don't normally have emotionally reactive tantrums and try to not be a pain in the ass . i'm normally the one she goes ... no she barely knows anything about it . i never talk about it . i sent her an email about it once just so she could do it too . she said she never got around to it and i dropped it . the argument ... i have this friend , that i think or use to think of as my best friend . i've talked to her about things i haven't even talked to myself about . which is saying a lot . so the other day we where ... '