' so i didn't see the sticky with the format for what am i posts , and i wish i did because wow informative , but here goes . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? ... well , no . because entps are fe . it's not their dominant function or anything but i identify more with the fi description ( or rather the negatives / immature description b / c my f - whatever it is - is ... i'm ( yet another ) person struggling to figure out my type ( always thought i was entj turns out i'm probably enfp ! ) . absolutely ne , immature fi , and test almost equally in ti and te and i agree with ... because i'm an e , my inferior would be i , correct ? because fe in other people annoy me the most ... from the link another person gave me , si's behavior ( when in grips of inferior function ) matches up ... organized ! since i was a kid i've enjoyed organizing people and events . i mean i didn't pull out my stuffed animals and line them up by size , shape , and color ( much as my mother would have wanted me ... also , i sometimes wonder if the entj and enfp results are because there's a disconnect between how i naturally behave ( happy happy joy joy energizer bunny class-leader ) and how i think my fairly ... because i identify with all the mbti characteristics of entj but in observing entjs - here and in real life - i don't react like they do ( or generally like them ... ) . of the enfps i know ( although , ... thank you . that's a very interesting look and i like the extensive detail it goes into . it's certainly a lot more nuanced than keirsey or the 16 mbti types . the reason i started exploring ... nymma i've read estj descriptions in the past and some aspects fit ( work ethic , straightforward , principled , filial obligation , leadership / organization of people - rather than ideas which seems more ... thanks for the link . as for my reaction to the raindrop : no , it means i find art incredibly boring . i prefer to work with science and literature . looking at se i can say with confidence that it's ... those explanations of functions just confused me more ... especially as i have very little interest in art and just registered ' oh a raindrop . cool ' and moved on . that did show me that i'm definitely ... i've taken the official mbti , the official socionics , and the ( unofficial ? ) cognitive functions test : on those three , i have received entj , entj , and enfp o_o here's what i know for sure : i am an ... this is an interesting thread for me because i've always been typed as entj according to mbti but recently took several cognitive function tests and found out i was an enfp ! ! ! ( to which my friends ... 378 vivid melody 1 ) i love your name ! 2 ) are you i or e sfj ? my best friend is isfj and also a 2w1 but she has zerooo fashion sense . she dresses for comfort . airy would you say 7 is your dominant function or do you strongly identify with an 7x ( wing ) or 9 or 3 instead ? spades ! ! ! aha . it's like we have all the elements of each other but scrambled around ! 7w8 to 7w6 ; 3w4 to 4w3 ; then our same : 8w9 ( woo ! ) . and then intj to my entj , and enfp to my entp / enfj , whaaat ... by listing the likelihood ( in descending order ) i would marry those types based on the website . mooncutter you put the distinction between 7w8 and 8w7 brilliantly ! i've often wondered if i'm correctly typed as a 7w8 or i'm supposed to be 8w7 . but i definitely resonate with your description of ... hands down 7-3- 8 ( sp / so ) . according to this site though , i'm 7w8 , 8w9 , and 3w4 - all of which i'd agree with . 7 is by far the most dominate feature in my personality . i'm definitely the ... that's a rather broad assumption . then again , i don't know that many other 7w8s . of course , i'm also a 738 tritype so maybe my 3 keeps me from getting into too much trouble . if i set a goal that ... how fascinating . i'm a 7-3- 8 which means : as a 7 i'm best with a 1 , 5 , 8 , or 3 as a 3 i'm best with a 1 , 6 , 9 , or 5 as a 8 i'm best with a 9 , 4 , 6 , or 8 1 , 5 , 8 , 9 , 6 are the ones that show ... all variations of 378 ( the moves and shakers ) run the world - beyonce 738/783 : circus - britney ... > what is your personal style and how might you relate that to your type ? i'd describe my style as ( cute ) feminine , fashionable , and professional / classic . i love bold colors , flirty skirts and ... i've typed as 7w8 , 3w2 , 3w4 , 8w7 and 8w9 . ( sp / so ) but when i took the ( official ? ) enneagram tritype test i received 7-3- 8 ( the mover and shaker ) which fits me to a t . i'm definitely rule with my ... ... i don't think eneagrams really correlate well or that directly with hogwarts houses and the list laid out makes very broad assumptions and stereotypes of the houses . not to mention you have to ... does anybody get really frustrated with hogwarts sorting tests that claim to be based on your personality or big five / socionics / etc . ? you know what pisses me off so much about those sorting tests ... being an entj girl is so freak'n stressful . :| i definitely lucked out with my friends who are mostly ntps and fjs . when i'm out at large social settings though , i just turn off my judgmental nt ... ... are you though ? lol . i'd say it's pretty much true . i have a strong personality but outside of work i'm pretty easy going . when i say , i'm an entj ... it's like when people make me tell them what university i went to and then go oh ... you're one of ... vanitas ugh . everything you said in this . it's hard to be an entj b / c we tend to bulldoze only but the most resilient of guys . but resilient guys , guys who have what we need , usually know exactly ... indie , electronic , folk and dream pop . in love with oliver tank and anr right now . forever favs include stars , beirut , wolf gang , and explosions in the sky . better question : what would be an ... two words : power couple works in reverse too . although the enfj male is a much more elusive and sought after creature . i enjoy being an entj in that i am bubbly wit and a big dreamer with solid , practical , and measured goals / drives . i hate telling people i'm an entj though , because of the reasons you mentioned . ... i love being an entj ; i hate telling people i'm an entj . absolutely ! you know the commercial for disney with all the families holding up those boards of them having fun and the melodramatic sweet pop music playing ? i tear up just watching that . i'm a ... or as i say to my intp friend , ' why must you pretend to be nicer than the rest of us ? ' i agree ! as far as i can see , the difference between f and t isn't how emotional you are but how in-tune you are with other people's emotions . fs can be very intelligent and logical but they are ... roooll on the floor laughing my ass off . my roommate ( intp ) and i ( entj ) constantly have similar discussions ( and , as actual dc policy wonks , we're only half joking ) . only with her trying ... i mean never say never , but that aspect of balance / opposites attract just is not at all appealing to me . i only date guys that are sure things - or as close to it as you can get . financially ... entj boy and intp girl relationship seem more likely to work out . as an entj girl i can't handle intp boys b / c i have such a think about ps , but am best friends with an intp girl and our friendship ... enfj : will you take me to taco bell ? entj : i don't want to pick you up to go to taco bell because you are the one who wants to go . entj : however , if you walk over to my house i'll drive you . enfj : ... i'm curious how your brother feels as the only tj in a house full of fs and ps ! oooh family ... mom : intj dad : esfp me : entj sister : i / enfp / j ( she's 9 so i'm not sure of her type ) my mother is the woman who thought she could be a tiger mom but was too busy thinking only of ... as a j , i have the tendency to categorize everything i do and ( nj ) will do and as a tj especially , overthink and make contingency plans for all my plans . my p father and my p friends sometimes drive ... enfj for sure ! i am constantly bewildered by people's emotions and as a ( shy ) entj come off as a bitch without meaning to . entj - salutatorian , overachieving asshole . loool . true . although in my school the entj was also the class president and much beloved ( think he was borderline f though ) and the estj was the true ... entj-intp = > lol . from personal experience this connection is definitely you-complete-me immediate , but we also bring out the worst in each other b / c there are absolutely no boundaries and no need ... the premise of this post confuses introvert / extrovert with reserved / outgoing . they're really not equivalent . e / i is where you get your energy . i get mine from being around people , but i'm also an ... ps are more spontaneous which is something more often associated with cute personalities . js are more shrewd and careful making them seem more mysterious , which is more often associated with sexy ... '