' my estj husband knows better than to go all bossy boss with me . he has learned how to phrase his requests in ways that are acceptable to me , e . g . , maybe sometime today you could vacuum since your ... absolutely ! i get a little ... obsessive ... and competitive ... i've been using iphoto , so just pretty basic stuff but it's nothing i've ever tried before . mostly i've been getting good at deleting things i don't want from my photos like ugly trash cans in the ... i'm gonna try yoga and prozac . weed gets expensive . once when i was leaving a red sox game a canadian stranger threw trash at my friend , so i tackled him in the streets of boston and yelled at him for disrespecting women and littering in our country . no no no ! ! ! entps sometimes have a problem with boundaries ... this guy need to know that pork is a hard limit for you , end of discussion . you should not have to explain and defend your reasons ... strange that it would ! cried marianne . what have wealth and grandeur to do with happiness ? grandeur has but little , said elinor , but wealth has much to do with it . elinor , for shame ! said ... i think i am getting so worked up just because of this helplessness you mentioned . i am so accustomed to dealing with problems by taking action , etc to optimize my outcomes . it is hard when outcomes ... what do you find to be effective ways of coping with bursts of high stress ? i have a lot of stress in my life currently , and am looking for some new methods to deal with this productively and ... estj spouse x 5 years ( almost ) . he's a guy who really knows where his towel is , if you know what i mean . is this game even for real ? i have a suspicion , as others have mentioned , that it is an invention of the insecure , or of people who don't actually want to go on dates . i feel like you should ... one of the good things about working with sjs , is you can foist a lot of that boring stuff off on them , and reciprocate by scooping up responsibility for that tasks that they hate but aren't so bad ... ok so i think you are looking at this backwards . it sounds to me from your post that you have mostly enjoyed your course work and internships , but have some lingering doubts as it grows closer to ... geonerd i feel like we are basically saying the same thing with the 2 weeks being potentially ambiguous . it is perhaps hard for me to look back as a married-for-years-now person ( as i know you ... yes and no . it's more that i would not consider dating for two weeks to make a person my boyfriend . and i wouldn't consider dating someone else at that point to be cheating . but i wouldn't pretend ... i agree with the late bloomer consensus . high school was certainly not my glory days . college / grad school was better - i had far better luck with friends when i actually chose them based on shared ... there is just absolutely no way i would even remotely commit to another person after 2 weeks of dating . i don't even consider that really dating . just ... going on dates . but i always insisted that i ... absolutely avoidance . and if i'm stuck with the person , maybe try to distract them . or make myself unavailable ( e.g.headphones ) or extremely dull so they'll leave . i've always kind of thought i was all 16 types simultaneously . maybe we're like ... divergent . nah , bella can have him . necro's a hard limit for me . i am a pharmacist and i know a lot of physicians , as well as pas and nps , both personally and professionally . i have not noticed a particular tendency for them to be nts . i would say all the sj types ... it is so hard to go from riding high and feeling like you rule the world , to suddenly feel like you've fallen off a cliff and left your climbing equipment at the top . i know i personally was used to ... i shun all collars in favor of athleisure wear . i had a lot of similar miscommunication issues with my estj husband back when we were first dating , so here's my two cents as far is your situation is concerned . being in a relationship with a te dom ... all sea creature-human love contained in this novel is totally consensual . and we're led to believe that the colonel's tentacles are strangely alluring to young marianne . i also like when guys don't try to hard to please me . like , don't be a suck up or say what you think i want to hear . and don't be too available to be at my beck and call all the time . it sounds like you two have been essentially dating for a while , it just was not acknowledged by either of you . now you can just carry on - but also make out . as long as you carry on treating one ... a few scenarios to consider : 1 . what if the beast is the initiator ? everyone knows dolphins like to drag ppl down to their rape caves and have their way under the sea . 2 . some animals can be ... sounds like you were just made for reaching objects from high places . oh , if i only had your wingspan . tall & skinny --> wicked hot i have always self-identified as an introvert . although i am an active person and was an active child , i was never really people-oriented , and have always spent a lot of time alone . members of my ... the only things i can think of are way way tmi , so i guess you can just imagine them . 373634 i was hanging around some of jkr's old haunts a couple weeks ago ... but sadly she didn't show . more tequila will solve that problem . ugly , shmugly ! i can't imagine any parent ever telling a young girl to always agree with her boyfriend . omg . thanks , m & d for telling me to use my own brain . i like to re-friend my enemies when they get engaged and start planning expensive weddings so i score an invite . then i drink all their tequila and dance with the groom . i have always thought that i was far lower-maintainence than most other women i know , in family / friend relationships as well as intimate relationships . a lot of people i know do things that i find to ... i'm not really a frequent flier on this forum , but i'll chime in with the crowd and say that i don't mind at all when other types post here . visit away ! especially if you tell us you <3 us . jamaia ; geonerd thanks for the encouragement , ladies . most of my friends who have children have small babies and tots and it can be rather dizzying to observe all the appointments and paraphernalia ... this gave me a minor panic attack . i don't think i have it in me to organize to this level . i am impressed and will note your coping mechanisms in case i ever reproduce . how possible do you think it ... i can double down on this , though i wouldn't say i hate women ( i'm sure you don't either ) . i find both friendships and casual conversations to be generally easier and more satisfying with men or ... this is amazing b / c it is precisely equal an opposite to my own experiences . i think that ne and te are functions in which strong users of one have a very , very , hard time instinctively ... in what units is this te measured ? ? ? i can take a fair amount from my te-dom spouse , but there are other high te users in my life who are more choking presences . so , highly variable based on ... i've never really felt like i was mom material per se . nurturing , kindness , patience , etc does not come naturally to me . also i really like sleep . however my husband wants children with all the ... maybe you should do the opposite of living together without getting married : you could get married without living together ! or at very least keep separate bedrooms / territories ( like in downton abbey ) ... that is interesting b / c i always felt in school that i had an advantage over many of the other ( probably sj ) pharmacy students b / c while they were busy memorizing things that anyone could easily just ... interesting b / c entj is one of the types i feel i have the least in common with and find little to personally identify with in descriptions . the couple entjs i know irl are not people who i think of ... i knit too ( when it's cold ) and paint watercolors ( when it's hot ) . my home is scattered with the paraphernalia of these hobbies . i also read a lot and listen to books on tape / podcasts and try ... 1 . what do you do ? i'm a pharmacist - been practicing about 5 years . i have worked in hospital ( while in school ) , retail , and for an insurance company . 2 . is your job your passion ? rate your ... congrats on the self-discovery ! i too previously identified as intp and always test as intp when taking those online tests ; it seems this is common for entps . i like to mix and match and still ... '