' simply amazing ! big congratulations ! :) welcome back :) are you a professional dancer ? ;) oh my i didn't see marimeli's thread on time :D big congrats on reaching 1.000 posts :) welcome to perc , yakarin :) enjoy your stay :) welcome to perc , porkchop :) well , welcome to perc ! :) mhm , when you liked batman begins , you should definitely have a look at the dark knight :) . i'm interested how nolan continues his success story - there is so much pressure and expectations on him . welcome to perc ! :) enjoy your stay here and make yourself at home ;) welcome to perc guys ! :) enjoy your stay here ;) welcome to perc , cheeseumpuffs :) i'm still stuck with the hunger games haha :D trying to find some time to finish reading them for like .. eve ... a long time :) . yes you should have . stop letting those thoughts creep into your mind :) . it was the best and bravest thing to do ;) . just think about the following : the what if i did tell her would probably have ... welcome to perc , byrnsies :) . enjoy your stay and make yourself at home :P welcome to perc ! :) enjoy your stay ;) . welcome to perc , blazethefierce :) nice to have you here :) . so we don't bite , eh ? :D uhm no , actually i'm not really a supporter of the love languages . i do support however the underlying message that you should focus more on what makes your partner happy ;) . in psychology the ... home - the 5 love languages ® a good poll from this site : i'm really glad i created this thread :D . it's an inspiration :) . i know how you feel . i'm in a similar situation . when you toss out unauthentic friendships , it's tough . especially for us introverts as making friends who we fell connected to isn't that easy . i ... are there people who don't have receiving gifts as their most unimportant love language ? i've learned about the love languages a long time ago . it raises awareness to being more attentive about your partner in my opinion - which is really great . anyway : i have never known anyone who ... welcome to perc ! :) enjoy your stay ;) welcome to perc ! :) welcome to perc ! :) welcome to perc ! :) enjoy your stay ;) . welcome to perc :) don't worry there are lot's of nice and wonderful people on here ;) . you only stated the things you don't really seem to like about yourself . why don't you tell us a little ... nadjasix is on a roll :D welcome to perc , fallen_angel :) you will find lots of like-minded people here and learn a lot about yourself and other people :P enjoy your stay :) * hugs * welcome to perc ! :) welcome to perc ! :) welcome to perc :) enjoy your stay ;) so i got jealous of the infps for having such a thread : laughing : . post something that made you happy recently or today in here . tell us what made you smile :) . or tell us something good you have ... welcome to perc ! :) why don't you tell us about yourself ? :) well apart from that i value loyalty to specific humans over loyalty to humans in general :P , i don't think you should continue such a friendship . not only is it one-sided , but also emotionally ... #10 is the most fitting description for me , although it doesn't really make sense in some ways ( balance intellect with intuition ? ti <-> ne balance ? hm .. ) anyway , balance is the right word . and ... no , not really :) welcome to perc ! :) welcome to perc ! . ) celicia is a beautiful name :P hi cate and welcome to perc ! :) welcome to perc ! :) heartbroken , eh ? :( i feel for you , going through the same stuff at the moment ;) . make yourself at home and enjoy your stay :) welcome to perc , mickymicky :) why don't you tell us a little more about yourself :P we're not going to bite * cough cough * :D anyway , enjoy your stay here =) where do you ( or did you ) stay during your years of college / university ? also , what do you think are the pros and cons for each ? ;) well i thought i had found the one . we successfully did long distance , stood through some tough shit together , always encouraged each other to develop , had an amazing emotional connection , felt safe ... congratz :D * bows * :) nice job :) you sir are very brave :) . i absolutely love it when someone makes him - or herself vulnerable to me . for me that is as feeling alive as i can . nothing makes me go into more of a flow and state of happiness than connecting ... some quotes or wisdom from time to time mostly . mostly i love enfps , it's relieving when someone does the talking :D welcome to perc ! :) enjoy your stay . ;) welcome lindy :) enjoy your stay here on perc ! :) '