' oh man , memories . that thread was pure gold . first time i manage to ( supposedly ) scare an intp ! it made me happy to hear i am occasionally missed . i really miss hanging out here too . : blushed : never had taro ones ! : shocked : i bet they are fantastic though .. i was just thinking about this the other day , actually . i noticed some subreddits have rules , such as the fact that points given ( upvotes / downvotes ) remain hidden from users . moderators mentioned ... he's not gay . just eccentric . can enfps be stubborn about something they believe in strongly ? i don't have too many of those moments , and i don't usually immediately know how i feel about something .. but when i do pinpoint my ... fuck saintsavage , because common bdsm interests marry darkbarlow , because i'd make him cook for me naked and on a leash . kill simpson , because i'm indifferent fmk : ethylene , nell , eryngo ( my ... coming back to perc to see this . : shocked : lol , congrats ! do you mind sharing how you've come to value honesty ? furry pink handcuffs ? : angry : i'm deeply offended now . to be fair , i also said this : [ 2/13 / 17 , 7:58 : 28 pm ] kalei : nell is so wonderfully neutral and mysterious . maybe a bit dark ? i don't know why but it reminds me of tentacles lmao [ 2/13 / 17 , ... so what exactly should i be doing to distract the entps ? i suppose i could start an orgy with desthro . entps are into orgies right ? oh , i definitely bite . so i'm live bait ? i feel so used . not that being used is a bad thing . inviting me to this bunker is like putting the fox on hen duty . just saying . : kitteh : phew , so glad i still have an out . : kitteh : proposal over nachos .. i somehow love that . was it a spontaneous proposal , or was it planned ? as an enfp , i don't want a proposal to be grand , ... funny you should ask . all i know is that 1 ) he's planning something , 2 ) it's going to be trollish ( aka , romantic in enxp world ) . what have i gotten myself into lol . it's interesting because what i attributed to sx-dom was having a lot of ephemeral crushes , and you were a primary witness to that phase . i'd be like omg this person is so interesting - nope , ... i check back the enneagram forum for the first time in ages .. only to see people providing unsolicited typing , and yet another post glorifying the sx instinct . so disappointing . bye , enneaforum . <3 tis a mermaid ring . 634250 bad influence . should i get out of bed at 1am to grab a slice of pizza ? also , they should make a bed mechanism thingie that feeds you pizza whenever you desire . it could even be sexual looking . .. man , i missed this subforum . i'll give you that one : you were spot on when you said i needed an entp to keep up with me : ninja : but on a serious note and wrt cheating , i think eryngo is right . entps are tempted to stray when ... or your lover just having a late night snack . da fits nicely with ne dom or aux .. i typically love taking on opposing perspectives , just for the sake of challenging someone's way of looking at something , or for the mental exercise , even if i ... wondering tonight how people can go out about their lives without bettering themselves , or at least trying to . what holds them back , fear ? how can you be afraid of living a better life ? of being ... yeah , exactly . most of my work right now in therapy is learning to be less impacted emotionally by them , to not let them make me feel guilty for every deviation from the norm , or how we do ... well , i've been having a strange cognitive shift lately , and it's not exactly happening in one direction , a lot of backs and forths , a lot of anxiety and insomnia . for whatever reason , maybe because ... what happens when ne-dom + horny as hell get together . traveling back to my home country is such a lonely experience , i'm beginning to realize . fucking ideas ? i definitely have many . : blushed : ask dudeguy , he's an absolute pro at filling out those description boxes . : crazy : gritglossandrainbows the first error is basically a matter of invisible vs visible users . users who have their profile set to visible will have their names displayed at the bottom of the thread , ... too late . you will be escorted out of the nt forums and dumped into the nf wasteland . please don't struggle . don't all nts pretend to be detached mofos , at least on perc ? i thought it was part of the ritual , or else you aren't recognized / acknowledged as one . oh , yes . personal favorite of mine is when fellow nfs think rude = passive-aggressive , when really you're just being honest and direct , and therefore the complete opposite of passive-aggressive . you ... try to schedule specific times / days during the week that you dedicate to your relationship . scheduling isn't exactly romantic , but it's sometimes needed if you're both extremely busy . hopefully he ... i've been there ! absolutely amazing place . i didn't get to see the view from the bathroom though ! so bummed right now . : unsure : i love hot dogs too . makes me wonder if there are other forums where people complain about those who are into mbti , or enneagram : laughing : i agree with you though , astrology is so much crap . a few questions , because this is fascinating to me : is it that you have a hard time finding out why you feel a certain way ? or is it pinpointing the actual emotion , and not knowing how you're ... and that's exactly why i am way more comfortable about nts , because they can definitely handle me , my feistiness / bluntness and my sense of humor . i don't have to hold back , or walk on eggshells . it ... one thing i don't like about fellow ( unhealthy ) nfs is the passive-aggressiveness . they tend to be very indirect , less likely to talk to you directly about what bothers them . i like to discuss things ... i only enjoy fucking with people i'm comfortable with , especially if they can handle it . i don't really do ' physical ' pranks , it's usually verbal , through conversation , and teasing . for example , ... i completely relate to you . i worked so hard in past relationships ( romantic or platonic ) to voice my needs , to talk about stuff that upset or bothered me , to communicate effectively . i ... i don't know , you miiight want to tell your entp about your eager enfp slaves . i'm sure he'd enjoy watching .. or joining . : 3 i'm terrible i demand to be your # 1 backup-enfp-sex-slave if being hetero stops working out for you . i've been your fangirl for way too long to be # 2 . : unsure : ne : ... i died laughing : laughing : also , i'd rent that . since doll is still unsure & i know you've helped others with this dilemma .. i'll mention desthro . any tips on helping her figure out if she is enfp or entp ? '