' i have never read about infps mimicking ni , but my infp 4w5 best friend scores fi-ni :) fi is the primary function for infps and isfps . in my case it's in a different way , my score generally ( cognitive functions ) are : ni-fi-si-ti-fe-ne-te-se . i'm also enneagram 4w5 and i read that infjs ... i'm not isfp or intj , at least that's what i think . but i'm infj ni-fi . 😊 i'm infj and i get along pretty well with infps . what makes you think that you might not be infj ? :) enviado desde mi sm-g 920t mediante tapatalk i have some time now , so i can answer more questions . when i'm talking to someone i'm always trying to understand more than what it seems , seeking for something deeper . who's talking ? why is ... i'm infj and i relate to infp , intj and sometimes isfp . enviado desde mi sm-g 920t mediante tapatalk i think no one can be completely like the description : ) although the description for infj here is pretty much like me . it depends of the person , and the site . 😊 enviado desde mi sm-g 920t ... me : to be honest , i'm not really interesting about facts . i mean , i'm always talking or thinking about things i can't put into facts , and i don't care if it's totally unrealistic or doesn't have a ... i mean fi , yes , the real one . i'm an ni-fi person , but not intj or infp . at least that's what i think . maybe it's because i'm enneagram 4w5 . i read that infjs 4w5 tend to mimic fi . i score generally ... in my opinion it's not just the fi , because i'm infj with a pretty high fi , but the description seems isfp . anyway , there's a lot of different possibilities . here you can read some distinctions ... great , for that is that i like to be open to the idea that i can be another personality . it's better to know the truth than to be just fine with one . i like the descriptions here , i think that are ... it's so true i'm also know nothing about you . i just said that because of the cognitive functions , because we have pretty high ni-fi . yeah , i felt that i was a weird person for that . but it's really ... you know , even when i'm more infj i feel really good talking with you guys . i was always trying to find people similar to me and i think we have a lot of things in common :) 😊 enviado desde mi ... yeah i'm agree , but sometimes are really helpful . anyway maybe you should take it more than one time to have more accurate results . but if you wanna try ... it's cool here's the link : ... awesome , do you also wanna take the cognitive functions test ? 😊 enviado desde mi sm-g 920t mediante tapatalk your results have some similarities with mine . i think this test it's really helpful . what personalities it said that you might be ? intj and then infj and ... ? ? ? enviado desde mi sm-g 920t mediante ... that makes me feel curious . generally what you get in the cognitive function tests ? i would like to know your results , really , it's so interesting . here is a link , if you wanna take it . ... your answer in my opinion sounds more like an intj , but it's just in that point . you said that you got intj in the test to distinct them ( intj-infj ) . for me it's hardest the test infj - infp , even ... so , you're an intj 4w5 ? it's not that i'm doubting it , it's just that i want to make me sure that you said that . enviado desde mi sm-g 920t mediante tapatalk i don't think that a person can change his / her personality . it's like , for more than a frog tries to be an elephant , and even looks like an elephant the frog will never be an elephant . at the of the ... most of the times i score ( cognitive functions ): ni-fi-si-ti-fe-ne-te-se seems like i have more fi than fe , but it's hard because infj 4w5 tend to mimic fi . i'm so happy to know that there's more ... well , to have a clue i think first you should take a test . it doesn't mean that you're gonna be that personality but at least you're gonna know where to start :) you can use this link : ... that's why . if you are a five is more hard to figure out if you are intj or infj , but at the same time is easier . i recommend you to check this link : ... me too , i always seems to be so lonely , and the tests says that i'm 100 % . and i have an avoidant personality disorder . enviado desde mi sm-g 920t mediante tapatalk this is so confusing , i'm like inxj . the thing is that i seems to be colder than the infjs and more sensitive than the intjs . also , i'm a 4w5 , a really lonely one . i'm a kind of hermit who doesn't ... to be honest i'm not completely sure that i'm infj , but for now that's what i seems to be . i have been investigating a lot about this to figure out who i am , and i can tell you what worked for me ... i have never met an intj , and i'm trying to figure out if i'm intj or infj . i have some questions for you guys . do you consider yourselves sensitive ? have you ever think that people see you always as ... i'm in the same situation , but in the test i got infj : ) do you know what's your enneagram ? i think it helps a lot . enviado desde mi sm-g 920t mediante tapatalk i think that people are not completely or a 100 % one of them . i think we have a clear preference , but is not something straight that we always have to act like that . i mean , that we have a ... things are changing ... probably : dad : entj enneagram 8 ( e8 ) , not sure of the wing . mom : esxp ( e7 ) probably 7w8 brother : entj ( e8 ) sister : exfp 2w3 me : infj 4w5 my best friend : infp 4w5 i was investigating , and i think you're right . i think mary is esfj :) enviado desde mi sm-g 920t mediante tapatalk wow , those are a lot of questions . is it ok if i answer a few first and then continued with the others ? enviado desde mi sm-g 920t mediante tapatalk i'm always trying to find deep conversations . most of the time i'm not interested in something superficial , and i prefer to be quite if i consider that are not interesting things to talk . i'm almost ... that would be amazing . what do you want to know about me ? i can not find what's my mbti type . the results of the tests that i took almost always describe me as infj . this was the type i thought i was before i started to see how acted the infjs around me ... i'm so glad to know that is more people infj that , like me , is very introverted . i really appreciate your help . is just that i never said that i want to change this part of me , i also like it . i ... i think emma's tritype could be 8w9 3w4 6w5 . in my opinion emma's enneagram is probably 8w9 or 6w5 , i'm still not sure . what do you think ? any idea about her enneagram ? guys , what do you think is emma's tritype ? dad : entj ( probably 8w7 ) brother : entj 8w7 mom : esfp 3w2 ( maybe estp ) sister : esfp 2w3 me : infj 4w5 lucy / kaede ( elfen lied ) . my best and my worst are both in her :) this is me :) i'm an ulquiorra fan . lucy / kaede :) well , my best friend lives in the country where i was born . but just a year ago that we are far from each other . although that's enough to be a little sad . i do not know if i'm understanding well what you are saying but the fact is that is just one anime , elfen lied , it's just that the character of lucy appears in it with different personalities , and ... well i'm not infp , i'm infj , but not all of my traits are like the description for an infj . i really think i have a strong resemblance to lucy / kaede . many times that i watch this part of the anime ... i am very similar to lucy ( elfen lied ) , specifically kaede . i've never watched this anime but my sister watched it , and she made me watch lucy's childhood only for see our incrible similarity . i have ... i feel just the same as you . just pepperoni and extra cheese :) '