' i want phone number , iq , and all other kinds of measurements , so whip out your calculator and ruler and gimme your digits , boy . size matters . worked for me , didn't work for my infj roommate . actually , he didn't get the point of the question and thought it seemed silly ( which it kind of is ) . how did they come to this generalization ? i watch tv commercials that promote stereotypical gender roles make me want to take a club and beat my tv to a pulp but then i realize it wouldn't be the wisest idea considering i spent $ 300 on it . o___0 as i remember , intp forum was pretty chill most of the time . the fucking weather 67 ° ? ! its fucking nice and wet on a scale of 1-10 , how lazy do you feel ? boredom usually comes with either laziness or being pumped but not knowing where to empty all that energy . after 2 glasses of wine , i'm verbally harassing all vulnerable persons in the room . after 3 , i'm trying really , really hard to not derail or laugh hysterically at that lonely little fly on the wall , ... do you know what it means to think your thoughts are linked in puzzling ways you cannot say or describe or ascribe meaning to - what is semantics , antics , pedantic ? what is a morpheme , or theme , or ... technically , my birthdate is teetering on the scale of libra and scorpio . psa - you're all your signs unless you were born in 2011 , during the precession . you're a capricorn because you were born ... uncooperative players who say , but that defeats the purpose of the game ! ( ... lol ) they gave up when i tried to usurp a rule last night while playing apples to apples . = _ = ; displaying predominantly left-brained characteristics sounds so boring ... ;D damn , it does . haha . that's a thing i like about rap - so many plays on syllabic emphasis . it is nice when you see a reflection of your mentality , without it actually reflecting your entirety . probably an ntj , or whatever type impersonation involves aggressive bitching or bossing and bullying around over irrelevancies , fueled by raging fi and te . depends on how i initially connect with the person , and how our relationship develops on the time . it used to be be certain but unstable ( a string in pendulous motion dangling from the rearview ... i came to terms with the impermanence of being circa july of 2010 . i still have little bursts of anxiety over transience , but i don't dwell on it for longer than a few minutes . it has only been ... laziness , apathy , excessive focus on trivial matters , and loneliness . i'm pretty sure they'll fuck up my future if i don't control them soon . yeah , but only because i didn't know what a fixed interest rate was , or that becky was codename for giving head , or that you had to pay for credit reports . where do you live , under a rock ? i ... like a kite - free to float , like i'm sailin ' on a boat . i don't care much for chess , but i love the idea behind scrabble - the only thing i have against it are its restrictive rules . everything is amazing and nobody's happy . cold strawberry cheesecake pie that i made . mmmmmmm . i wish you would find me interesting like men who watch paintings in awe , attempting to digitize colors and compute the motion of brushtrokes but i am not so beautiful and i am not so rare i am ... half the time i don't even know how i digitally-electrically master the art of lexical retrieval when overpowered by a strong chemical agent flushing my brain focus is phenomenal - tunnel-vision ... don't take it seriously , just take it easy make yourself happy , make yourself dizzy 2,622 x thanked , and 641x thanks . i'm with you there , scruffy ... watching aladdin for the first time since i was a kid while on drugs . so many new referential points of view ... guy who cries at sad movies and likes the notebook and frequently tells me how much they love me ? fuck no . guy who knows to quietly run his hand on my back when i feel sad without me asking ? fuck ... what ? D: it sometimes makes people take you less seriously if you use them . :/ but they connote facial expressions that may otherwise be necessary in order to evoke some sense of pathos . ^ . ~ overuse ... why wouldn't they ? i'd still interpret it the same way . it depends on the social context and persons involved . all you have to do is compare my nature to that of an electron and , just like that , you've got my attention . ;) steampunk and mechanical doodles robots florence + the machine mbti neurobiological sciences rhyming tempeh , egg , feta cheese , walnut , spring-mix salad with orange balsamic dressing . type fora were created for serious ( or even semi-serious ) discussions of relevance to typology or general inquiry . you've just clearly stated this is a derail thread for insults , and professed to ... dude , i totally made a thread about random thoughts earlier back , haha . there is a mathematical equation for everything , even for things that have no answer . it's like you set your brain on a roller coaster trying to see as many landscapes as you can while speeding through an emotional flowchart . blue bell vanilla ice cream cup . so good . i wonder about your sanity . roommate , 5 mins ago . i was programmed to emote sentimentality upon external detection of my system's lack thereof . it hurts my feelings that you think we are emotionless . :*( 99 ; ' ' ' .. , , i'm trypophobic . that means this kind of thing freaks me the fuck out : somehow , i get both disgust and pleasure ... i believe i'm sober , my friend but it was strange , i understand sometimes the difference is hazy between what's normal and what's crazy if you only knew how much time slows your mind when blown by the span of rhyme-crimes ignoring the boring laws ( or flaws ) that gnaw and saw away ingenuous ways of expressing depressing compressions ... consuming more carbohydrates than i probably have in a month , and trying to be okay with it . i want to stop wanting so much without ever wanting to want more than i could ever want ! ... ? attempting to calculate how my energy expenditure ( converted to kilojoules from calories ) relates to the exchange in energy occurring between me and the environment , measured thermodynamically by the ... how often do you take concepts from others and modify them to your liking ? i don't mean this in a necessarily evil way , but rather , a natural process where you like an idea you heard , add some ... ne in art is beautiful ... it's an action movie with an action movie plot , which was still decent and adapted to today's audience . i wasn't expecting some grand arc of drama and superb character development ( and it had some ) ... i'm an advocate of progression / change , and this is a realm that holds linkin park's identity in sound , only modernized . nothing like hybrid theory or meteora , but they said it themselves - they have ... '