' i agree that these are quite broad generalizations . but maybe with a flavor of truth . in my life , i am polite , friendly and kind , but not exactly bubbly or warm . i kind of relate to your ... love is still uncomfortable for me sometimes too . the risk of loss is scary . the only way out of the fear / anxiety is through . you have to tolerate the negative emotions and sit with them , not ... i think that is good . you have to trust that you will make the right decisions for you . i also was in a relationship with a guy once who told me he spent more time with me than anyone else . but ... thank you for your gentle correction and a valuable point , to correct my very heteronormative views and experience . my gay friends ( women and men ) have told me that online dating is often a more ... don't want to derail thread , but quick response . actually , it was surprisingly not entirely terrible . that being said , i think there is more value in meeting people in the real world . i think i ... i'll through another wrench into this very amusing thread , by tossing out the fact that i am so sick of people - men and women - complaining about dating sites . dating sites suck . they really ... i've learned as i get older , that if you are at the stage where you are not totally happy with the relationship , but asking all of these questions , wondering if something could be different ( him , ... just get out of it , anyway you can . gaslighting is a really powerful form of emotional manipulation . there are many skills to counteract it and retain a sense of sanity , but ultimately ... i've had this . i think it's because we see past people's pathologies , baggage , hurt , sickness , projections and defenses . i have dealt with very unhealthy people . and even when they lash out at us , ... i am generally affable and go along to get along . but cross my values mofo ? hurt someone i love ? step too far one hundred times too often after being duly warned ? it's a verbal assault . ... so i love the dance-punk band the rapture , and saw them live twice , and then i read that the lead singer had a conversion experience after the death of his mother and converted to catholicism . their ... 5x2 = 10 bpm . that was after adjusting my breath speed based on vivid melody's post . before that it was 6 bpm . i also have low body temp . 97.2 average , and really low blood pressure ( approx ... my husband lol'ed so hard when i followed traffic and stopped at all the traffic lights in grand theft auto . he was like , are you serious ! ? ! ? ! ? i mean , he's right . i entirely missed the point ... i relate to both of these posts . i had a friend i felt like i was always there for . she would come to be with her problems and ask me for advice , and i would share my feelings honestly . in ... i relate . i doorslam more often than i would like . it's not a disconnect or emotional shut down . it's not a disconnect of empathy . i agonize , and hem and haw , and spend quite some time thinking ... not jealous ; not envious . when i was younger i would be . i think age and experience has changed me . i'm 32 and plan to get much , much older . i love life . i think i am at the point of ... this is what i would call a secular hymn , but the first time i heard it i wept . i could not find a better recording quality online : if a man wishes to be sure of the road he treads on , he must close his eyes and walk in the dark . ” ~ st . john of the cross i abandoned and forgot myself , laying my face on my beloved ; all things ... fievel - that was absolutely beautiful . thank you for sharing . nailed it in far fewer words that i ever could ! enjoy my coffee while browsing perc with my dog and my kitty cat snuggled up next to me . oh wait , that is what i'm doing . what i should be doing , is writing this legal brief i have to do . :( my religion / spirituality is a work in progress , i think ! i've always felt spiritually connected somehow . when i walk into sacred spaces , churches , temples , forests , i have always felt a deep ... what i think is strange , is how i think that i am always so right in the moment , and seeing things so clearly . and then i mature , and grow a bit more , and another year passes , and i look back and ... this was very beautiful and well-stated . i am beginning to explore my faith seriously for the first time in my life , and this resonated with me . sunshine boy - one of the most interesting concepts ... faunae - thank you for your thoughtful and illuminating response . i've read a lot about bpd , because of my friend and also because i suspect my mother is undiagnosed bpd , so i'm sympathetic to the ... thanks for your response . i don't think your situation with your friend and my own are quite parallel , but respect that your experience has formed your opinions . prior to the past year , this ... so ... update ( if anyone cares ... maybe i am writing this because it feels therapeutic ) . i have decided to end my friendship with this enfj . long story short , i got married last weekend and had ... it is dreary and rainy , which i ordinarily don't mind , but why is my office so cold ! ! ! i need mittens in here ! holycrow i can't believe i'm married . that's weird and new . well , there's nice guys and then there's nice guys . i don't think the latter nice guys - the ones who complain about getting friend-zoned all the time , etc . , are really that nice . i dated a ... 1 . most of my clothes are covered with dog & cat fur . 2 . i love to write . 3 . i'm tolerant and loving , but past a certain point , i will doorslam . 4 . i'm obsessed with listening to music and ... less than in her feminist work . she acknowledges the societal limitations and expectations that constrain male authenticity , vulnerability and expressions of genuine love . we read a passage ... i sort of intuit if i think i can connect with someone , and try to get deeper with them if i think i can . it's not a snobby thing i don't think . i had a friend who was an uneducated guy , infp , ... you know that fantasy you have ? the one where you bump into your ex-lover , completely impromptu of course , but ( of course ) your hair looks amazing . oh what the hell let's get a drink . ... shakti - this is very , very helpful . i'm going to try to be more attentive , and hope we can compromise on the other stuff . i think i can keep track of my boundaries , and if it gets really ... thank you shakti . to give more balance to my initial post , which was one-sided , her primary criticism of me is that she thinks i'm selfish and that i don't engage with her enough . i do get flighty ... some notes from bell hooks's book , all about love , which i think is awesome and highly recommend . ( all notes borrowed from a reviewer on goodreads ) . - it is much easier in our world to discuss ... i did ! we nailed it ! we're getting married next month . i was taking a dating break and just kinda being by myself , and i was out with girlfriends , and he was so cute drinking his beer by himself ... hi enfjs , i've never come here before , but find myself in need of some good advice in dealing with a very close friend . our friendship has become very strained , and i would like to salvage it , ... i think the potential is there . but a wounded infj could also be very anxious and withdrawn . fearful . i used to be meaner . with age and more balance , the small stuff doesn't sweat me ... i read an article in a magazine recently about the whole do what you love thing . then , i read another article in a liberal , pro-tolerance christian magazine i sometimes look at ( because i'm in ... adderall . [ looks around ] wow it's been a while . so what have i missed ? i feel like i've flown a light year since i've been here . i mean , yeah ... probably not . but the drugs work . full disclosure - i was a flighty kid but did really well in school , so never got a diagnosis . i was diagnosed as an adult , but i still ... this one usually does the trick ( paraphrased from actual conversation with nt boyfriend ): nf : yeah , sure ... i believe in god . i mean ... not like god-god but sure , god could be an arbitrary ... love - as an action , not a feeling . to act always lovingly , including with self-love ... knowing that sometimes the most loving thing to do in a situation is not necessarily painless . integrity - ... - cuddles with someone i really connect with ( not just any hug , or empty cuddles ) - better if cuddles involve the cat and dog ( pack hug ! ) - hiking outside with my boyfriend and our pup - ... i can flirt in a coy , banter-y way , but it's not really me . flirting for me ( strong infj ) = eye contact + awkward smile . then it's deep , honest , interesting conversation . so not really ... i'm dating an intp now ( but cognitive functions test also revealed strong ni and fe - in fact , first cognitive functions test was indeterminate ) , and i couldn't be happier . his thinkiness balances ... unfortunately , no , but i wish i could . i've noticed that i may not be able to read someone clearly ( grasp their underlying motives , reasons for behavior , exactly where they are coming from ) , but ... my boyfriend and i went upstate with our puppy , and the pup got some good outdoor time and puppy playtime with other dogs , and he was really happy . and we celebrated family birthdays and hiked ... '