' yay , squirt ! glad you brought up the poofing avatars business because maybe now we'll get an ~ official ~ explanation for what's going on . as to my experience , it began a few days ago with many avatars not ... welcome to the forums , jyoti ! have fun here .  any task viewed as chiefly analytical-logical can lead to more of that kind of left-brain thinking with no need for any function looping or shifting . still , your answers come across as well ... usually will express appreciation and thank the person for the nice compliment . most likely infj . live long and prosper , spaceynyc !  kind of fits . definitely , a ' different ' perspective from mbti ... i got intp ; but , i'm infj .  hi , stalkseveryone ! yep , art is neat . welcome to the forums ; have fun here .  hi , gabyteller 1995 ; and , welcome to the forums ! have a good time here .  lq ; yes ! all the time . just as you describe ; and , from an early age all through life . perhaps the root is in imagination and intuition ; but , in time the truth regarding persistance of this marvelous ... hi , minikat ! as a fresh start with a new name , a new intro is surely justified . welcome to the forums ! have fun here . ... hi , blinking pink ! good luck in finishing up senior year and with software engineering studies . have fun on the forums ! ... merrily met , eddyheady ; and congrats upon your enlightenment ! sure , similar journeys and realizations . for our group - - dad , a few friends , and i - - it was several mescaline trips over a few years ... good for you ! back from mulling and collecting more experiences . if you are convinced that you are infp and have happily settled on infp as your correct type , fine . that's that ; and , i'm glad for ... hi , severn ! looks like results from the celebrity types test . if so , not worth much ; suggest you just chuck it . ( if you want to take the scores seriously , a more realistic interpretation is intp - - ... infj . may like to check out type descriptions . you can get fairly detailed descriptions for any type from several sources . select type at each site : humanmetrics ~ careerassessmentsite ~ truity ... could be it's installed but not enabled . you may have to go to your browser's add-ons ( may be plug-ins or extensions ) display to enable shockwave flash . ( for some browsers , the display may be ... you and snowflake minuet could try adobe's site here : pick your operating system and pick your version and click download . follow directions to ... welcome to the forums , geralt ! have fun here .  windows 10 is certainly spying on you ; but , it's clever enough not to prove it by stuff like turning on your computer . most likely , hal 0hal0 , you're simply telekinetic .  ... hi , nemen ! as you may know , with the dnardi test from keys 2 cognition the best direct result is normally the type whose functions stack best fits your cognitive functions scores . given your ... hi and welcome to the forums , empathia ( and lavender 1062 , too ) ! have a good time here . ... not any type . each is so interesting - - you know , the differences . some persons , of any type ( even infjs ) can be a bit draining at times . then , it comes down to willingly giving or , maybe , ... the village forbidden planet entrapment hawk the slayer the devil wears prada cherry 2000 golden earrings ( 1947 ) bringing up baby 2001 clue potentially , yes . just recall the last time your reaction to something was absolutely icy . we may radiate icyness . welcome to the forums , imnotgoodatusernames ! ... think you're right .  good show ! merrily met , toasteater , and welcome to the forums . have a good time here . .  ... hi , 3266682 ! have a good time on the forums .  whatever may be considered proper , i wll normally not maintain eye contact for the simple reason that making and breaking eye contact is too valuable as a conversational tactic .  ... hi , aliceismykitten and wolfwoman . welcome to the forums - - have fun here ! ... very unlikely . if you are infj now , it's virtually certain you were infj back in your school days , simply more outgoing . infj is generally know to include the most extroverted introverts . ... one possibility is that the person got teeth braces when fairly young - - like age 6-7 . turns out that's not at all good for learning to read because the braces mess up sub-vocalization for the person ... hi , cutiebat ! neat gaining a new infp . have a good time here . ... yep , it should . ... good for you ! [ / quote ] cool . congrats , icy heart ! ... welcome to the forums , wendynguyen and pjmohr 33 and changed man ! simplest way to answer that question at any given ... wb , soulsister ! cool on finding your true type - - a very entertaining one , too . have fun in explorations . ... hi , yaelantua ! i have no experience with seroquel . seroquel info at ... seroquel oral : uses , side effects , interactions , ... ashorley useful information ; however , too many gaps - - such as questions about safety of such large doses and about best forms of an iodine supplement . scrap my recommendation . shall follow ... actually , ashorley , that was the first i'd heard of the problem with bromine in food additives , etc . and how it impacts availability of iodine to the body . that's a very serious health threat ! ... hi , annenne ! been there once or twice but not in recent years . really , sounds less like a thinking snag and more like a bout with depression - - i . e . everything looked so hopelessly bland , you simply ... right up front , that's more an infp view than an infj view . i'll mull over it a bit .  lq ! for sure , beautyfromashes . infjs do have lots of opinions ( judgements , conclusions ) because we think about so many different things in such an information-rich environment . even so , especially ... hi , fallingup ! have fun meeting everyone here .. no problem , beautyfromashes . since beginning this thread you have acted much like an infj . testing as an infj ' several times ' is very unusual unless you are an infj . about the only exception ... i read that article ; but , only after copying it and replacing personality hacker's cute terms with the actual function names . so perspectives went to ni , harmony to fe , authenticity to fi , and ... hi , purpleviolet ! ti thinking is real time thinking in response to inputs ( from the environment via senses , other functions , within-body senses , psy , etc . ) . as ' subconscious ' , we can be pretty sure ... no big thing ; even ni doms take a while getting a real handle on ni . for instance , i used to assume everyone naturally knew what i did about places and situations . ( so , here and there , what was ... '