' i look for patterns in things . if i can find a rule about a particular set of things , even if their relationship may be very fleeting , i will feel inclined to share it . :) i want to see the ... help me end this injustice . i have no desire to convert to anything . if a belief system is what is required to make myself more effective than i will fabricate my own . struggling to squeeze more motivation out of myself has ... i know i have consciously drawn inspiration and hope from people , real and fictional , before . i am seriously considering fabricating a character whose sole purpose is my own motivation ... and not ... hello all , i have recently been thinking that i am somewhat jealous of christian types because i feel that they have a certain faith that they are walking god's path . i feel that faith is a thing ... 1 - my current work is all in java , but i'm diving into c as well to round myself out . 2 - guilty pleasure is the anime , grimgar ... which , aesthetically , is just wonderful . 3 - the new daredevil ... shit , well i hope he's an adult about it . ah yes , the strength and sensitivity tightrope . it's interesting to walk . but i also love emotional things . anime , music that drips with feeling . i am sensitive to these things , but feel ... fixed . xd for me it was cotton candy flavored vodka at a women's college ... since then , i distrust alcohol that tastes good . a little wine gets me in a playful and happy spot . though ... i ... xlyka may want to make an iron-clad rule about the second date being a video call . : kitteh : . m did you know that if you drink enough whiskey , eventually wine starts tasting pretty good : tongue : problem solved “ and at the word alone , will felt a great wave of rage and despair moving outwards from a place deep within him , as if his mind were an ocean that some profound convulsion had disturbed . all his life ... hey . how's it going man ? late to the party ... i like to think of this situation as like ... the moment someone tries to stop eating sugar . at first , it's really tough and you think ... has anyone made a doing calculus in antarctica joke yet ? ( y / n / m ? ) i like to think that i don't let muh feelz dictate what i do . i'd like to think there is a higher cognitive level at work for ... that really highlights the key to fighting unhealthy behavior ... if you cannot let go of fixation , the other thoughts required for health cannot slip in . but stopping the activity often isn't ... yeah ... i tend to be more distant when it comes to love and that has both its upsides and downsides as well > _ > seems to be coming back to that sun tzu principle , there are no strengths and ... i have the strength of generating intensity . so when i get really driven ... i generate intensity and i would often burn out ... slave drive myself so hard on it that i learn a hatred of it in my ... abraxas was a wonderful poster . he pushed a lot of boundaries . very smart guy . and fearless in his theorycrafting , which i respected a lot . i tend to think the number of cognitive tools ... we do not engage in our dominant function ( ni ) because we lack love or confidence . i imagine enfjs do not engage in fe ( their dominant function ) because they lack love or confidence . it is our ... oh hey , i'm not in trouble ! : cool : kiss them afterwards as a yup , that was me . don't forget to take credit guys ! okay , so doesn't this sound exactly like an intuitive feeler complaining about society ? second vs . on is like straight out of one of those omg society ... my very good friend threw a big 21rst birthday and invited far too many people so there were 50 or so people crammed into his back yard . not sure how the fight began but i saw a few of my friends ... i'd say more internal logical consistency rather than truth . a ti user is consistent . a te user is efficacious . both could be judged as truthful within their prospective realms . they are irresistible due to their ne-powered heavy cavalry . you can never predict where the lancers will charge from as they spastically sweep all that is before them . only scattered pockets ... okay ... so i had a huge post , but i deleted it . i think things boil down to a few common principles . what you do for others should arise organically out of love . you and your partner should meet ... takes two to tango , after all . i understand the hesitancy . it is work , he can get hit with sexual discrimination . if things sour , you essentially are forced to spend time with your ex . for ... yeah . in withdrawal ... D: why , an expression of benevolent dominance , of course . i remember the cat . it was the boss after nihilus . i force choked it . :P i remember my younger days i would dive into lovers like a well . now ... i will swim down a ways , but always with a line back to the surface : laughing : i've learned my lesson .  ... any infj without abilities in this area probably isn't having much fun or effective impact in their lives . this is the skill set we posses . we also tend to posses fairly rigid ethical systems ... because special has positive connotations . weird has negative ones . i view both as principally similar and view both in a positive light due to the fact that different people tend to be interesting ... exactly . there's generally a best way to handle them . if it's social aggression , there's generally a fairly standard blueprint for dealing with it . ( ask for the exact intent of their statements and ... anime has always hit harder emotionally and been more philosophically interesting . there's that old joke that every anime ends with the world eating itself . the thing i love most about it is that ... - - something wonky with the editor - - i think of that as like a handlebar kind of move . controlling the position of the other person's head by the hair is similar . just firm enough so they feel the power of it . :P that ... great way to connect with someone . i have a move where i hold someone too loose . when they squirm i incrementally start tightening until it gets too tight . nice and slow and distinct stages . when ... she was capable of producing very beautiful thoughts and ideas . she herself was very beautiful which did not hurt . i enjoy the mentorship role and she was looking for a guide . and the sex was ... little things to make the other person feel loved or special in a cuddle . like a light kiss on the back of the neck from the big spoon . does anyone have the bravery to talk about their best moves ? being italian really doesn't hurt how much i like touch to communicate feeling . guys are a bit stiff with it , but i got in a good shoulder pat with a guy talking about how he got fucked over by a ... yeah figured it was you . nice to see you still posting :) in a word : yes . keep it shallow for a bit , expertly hiding the fucking dismal boredom of it . try to deepen it up about some kind of principle of the matter . get completely stone-walled ... i respect a man who will engage in revolution for his principles . : kitteh : trump is a weird situation for me . the 8 in my loves his estp shit talk antics as a welcome departure from the normal ... with discretion like that , we can keep my ego under 9000 , lad . very jelly about that thank to post ratio . :P and ... twasn't a perc affair . thankfully . don't want to weird up the board with my ... the suicidal / principled question has crossed my mind . reading on thermopylae and wonder why the last stand is so intoxicating as a principle to me in moral terms . i imagine perhaps that it is ... love the tone shift at 2:20 . seen ? well , i personally use weird as a compliment in my own vernacular . i love weird / unique people because they tend to have a lot of integrity and follow their own codes which is something i have great ... infj ... sustainability major out of a women's college . she wasn't typical . she was a very forceful / aggressive 8 which i kind of took as a challenge . i love challenges ... : laughing : sometimes infjs don't play nice . slight differences in ideological principles and you have two ethical thinkers butting heads about what a moral world would look like . stakes get very high xd some ... bump . i think there's a lot of room for non-romantic connection apps . could also do some interesting work attributing certain games to personality traits as a kind of meta-review . i'm ... yeah . went right off my meds . keeping your ni in check super responsibly making me look like a loose cannon ;( you can achieve your dreams , kane . you just gotta believe : kitteh : '