' i read when surrounded by other children my age : i completely ignored them . i always wanted for the adults to treat me like one of them , from as soon as i realized i was getting special treatment for ... no , i changed my mind , although it is too late now to edit my post . alois the villain , please . prince aspen , please ? i will usually observe everything they do , and will try not to be obvious about that . if they make me nervous , i will steer away from them , avoiding confrontation until i have regained control of my ... i am not intimidating until i become involved in an argument . i have a similar problem , so sorry for the fact i may not help much . i used to bring myself down to their level : i would make an effort to talk to them about whatever they wanted to talk about . pros : ... you read my mind . well , it gets me through the day . ( now that you mention it , it is kind of a shame … ) although it ’ s tempting , i ’ ll take my chances . uh ... well , i am a christian , yes . i believe in god , the holy spirit and jesus , but not quite in the creation as it was described in the bible . i believe in what science has proven to be true , ... truth be told , little things such as those do not annoy me . if i were to focus on every little thing people did , i would be a very miserable person , ( which explains a lot about my life a few years ... that was a wonderful list , thank you . 1 ) blue is nice , but so are many other colors . i don't think i have a favorite color anymore , or , at least , not one that does not change often . 2 ) intelligent , open-minded , and a dreamer . i haven't really made any mistakes . it always gets in my way , my inability to continue what i once felt so much energy for . i wouldn't tell myself anything . i wouldn't want to change . if i hadn't made the mistakes i made , i wouldn't be who i am today . i don't want to die without having my thoughts recorded somewhere . proof i once existed , and wisdom in the pages . i am only satisfied when i know that my life is safe somewhere . i will always be able ... i've seen a few threads where perc users type the user above them as a guess based on their avatar . with that idea in mind , i tweaked the rules slightly and came up with another one . i'm not sure if ... infp that recently happened to me . i don't know how to regain it . i immediately thought of dwight . i found that , for me , the test was rather accurate . i got intp , ( as you can see if you care to look above my avatar ) and was pretty happy with my results . they fit , and i don't have any doubts on my ... reading your post made me realize that perhaps i do that , also , except that when i do it is meant as a mind game . it's fun , but i only play this game with people i'm comfortable around , as i have no ... i find it interesting you would say this . as an intp , i've noticed something similar to what you have . the thing that makes me wonder , however , if that is simply how intps act when they fail in order ... i would never wish a thing like that . so much beauty and history would fade away into nothingness , and there would be no remainder to show as proof that such a complex world once existed . i doubt ... when i was younger , i thought i was a reptile . i made sure to tell everyone this as soon as i found out why i always felt so cold , even when outside during the summer . i believed i was ... i don't even know at this point . i've always found myself unable to read and write , and there was a point in my life where i thought i had left that all behind before i realized that what i was doing ... if there was no way i could stay intp , i would definitely become intj . i wouldn't want to give up my first three letters , and it would be so helpful if i could have the initiative to do things i want ... it seems intps are almost always owls . could you change my name to plutohades , please ? thanks . agreed . i'm not sure about the too logical part : if i have been told this , i've probably ignored it or dismissed the comment without realizing this . as for being called cold , that is something i am ... agreed . i find it hard to feel angered or insulted when i'm flattered . it simply embarrasses me . i don't mind , not if they mean it as a compliment , though i probably wouldn't know . i've only been called ... why would anyone want to kill anything ? because it's acceptable in society , perhaps . people are always killing smaller creatures as though they do not feel simply because of their size . now , ... i don't know how this will help , but i can relate , completely . when i'm under pressure , it's as though i freeze and expect my brain to come up with the answers i need without thinking to get there ... i'm not intj , but yes , i also become detached and aloof , as you so kindly put it . i tend to ignore the person and stay away , avoiding them as much as possible , as i don't trust myself . i can't ... i don't usually talk to myself , and aloud i hardly ever . it seems like a waste of breath ; i'd rather talk to myself , but in my mind . i did this a few days ago , when i was bored and had nothing to do ... ditto . i've gone back and forth between forums , blogs , and etc . sherlock's type is clearly not something everyone is able to agree on , from what i've seen . intp , intj , istp ... the list goes on . i ... what does he strike you as ? love / like : 1 . god 2 . life forms 3 . the universe 4 . the fact we have a brain / the freedom our minds give us 5 . the complexity of everything 6 . knowledge 7 . dreams / creativity / imagination ... ugh , i don't even want to think about writing for a while , for it stresses me out too much . right now , i've started my ( 5th ? ) book . all the others i've left unfinished , for i start off with an idea ... pshh , yeah . you wouldn't want to forget that . if you had somehow acquired a time device of sorts that would allow you to go visit any time period , where would you go , and why ? you are able to affect people with your actions , but can only choose ... eh , well . i'm sure there are many nice things one could do for me , but i'll share something that really surprised me . my friend's father is a very talented artist ; i've always loved his work . one ... ugh . what is a friend , a companion ? most of my ' friends , ' well , all of them , actually , i could live without . i don't need them , and when they have moved , i have not missed them for a moment . they are ... whenever i'm frustrated because i know that there's nothing i can do prevent something . all i've done is for nothing , and the rest is out of my power . when i'm treated unfairly to the point where i'm ... i'm trying not to fall asleep . as for what i'm thinking ? eh . nothing interesting , but if you like , i'll tell you . i have nothing better to do with my life at the moment , after all . i'm waiting for ... i changed my mind , but i can't edit my post anymore . intpuck , actually . if it's not too much trouble . hello ! can you please change my username to puck ? thank you ! enfp '