' i wouldn't call it pretending .. i started this a few months ago and it works quite well but why don't you learn a new language ? how ? * download an app to grasp the basics , ( 3-6 tenses , ~ 300-1000 words would suffice depending on ... does adventure time count ? ( i don't think so .. ) hmm .. lets see .. favourite ? ergo proxy or kill la kill maybe i like the whole orwellian vibe ? i cook , which in my opinion is an art-form . being a rather young entj who is trying to build his own ladder . i can say that it takes infrastructure to build a strong ladder along with everything else you'd need to climb the corporate ladder ... well , yea .. i've had the general sense of what i wanted to do since i was very young . it has deteriorated to a darker variation of itself over the years but it still is the same concept . oh look this thread is still up and completely un-maintained . :P you guys should ask a mod to edit my posts .. its because the us has a very different approach .. which basically is : if you want something done right , do it yourself and when britain decides to mess stuff up it simply * cough * forces * cough * ... well , us economy is what it is now partly because of those wars . they may seem like they had no reason from a humanist view but imo that's not the case in reality . to answer your question , i'd say ... personally i'm very into culinary arts . as for the things i cannot personally create , it depends on the genre and what we consider art and the purpose of art . i can appreciate a giacometti for ... i cant sing but hey , you decide on the voice part vocaroo | voice message also , lizabeth there is a fifth degree to this whole thing 5 . shit . this problem has no digital solution . wtf do you mean by computers cant solve this ? ? ? .. ( like some diagonalization problems , when you get ... well , that technically is a religion . a personal religion , but still a system of belief where you employ metaphysical ideas that have no proof whatsoever . does the trick tho , it should pretty much ... you're likely to be more happy and less depressed with a healthy religious belief . it can have different incarnations based on the religion . like karma , or afterlife , or reincarnation etc .. ... a healthy relationship with a fake god is actually good for your psychological health . just sayin .. it kinda depends on the income and what the money will be spent on . at least for me those are the two main components of a money related issue . in terms of goods , i dont like the cheaper items . to ... i was actually quite serious . it seemed like she can enjoy the benefits of the public sector . you mean you want to hear some advice before you completely ignore it and do what you were going to do anyway ? also , dont blame mbti for your personal issues . i'll bite , here is my advice : ... surprise visit him . i watched the first one for like 20 minutes , then like 4 years later i was forced to watch the whole first movie . still dont know what the hype is about . a girl once asked me this 15mins after i met her , can i measure my vagina with your penis ? and then managed to laugh it off . frankly that was very impressive . then again you can always go with ... coworkers : yes on higher ranks . definitely no on lower ranks . ( also the romantic argument applies to higher ranks . ) one of my partners is an entp and i have to say we wouldnt be where we are ... here we go .. i think its my first contributing post on this thread ^ ^ statistically : chances of us having a creator is very high . chances of that creator being any kind of god , let alone a known god ( under a common religion ) is extremely low . chances of at least ... so far i've only seen 4 here .. so yeah , : shocked : ' ello ! omg somoene turkish : tongue : hai , i'm fluent in turkish :P in case anyone need someone to practice also i want to learn swedish i've been trying to for the past .. 3 months , not much ... because mbti is like astrology , most people use it as a shortcut compatibility agent . whether thats useful or not is debatable . it doesnt change much : tongue : i'm from turkey and its kinda rare to see people from turkey here : happy : yea .. i always think that too .. i should have picked software instead of electronics ... but meh , too late now , and i doubt it would have changed anything drastically , maybe i'd be less bored in uni ... wut : suspicious : thats not normal ... i thought the limit was 15 .. how did you even post that liana : laughing : it breaks through bb code - . - trait score percentile narcissism yes . lol spam for 2 posts that are smewhat related ? on the entp forum ? yea sure . i'd disagree , you dont need to be a puppet just because you're representing voters . dunno who that is , but judging on the things you sent , it seems like he is a lot more puppet-like than anything else .. not really no . i'm pretty sure i can ne , and te at the same time . used to call it organised chaos back when i thought functions could be determining things . again , cogn functions are jungs , but its ... okay ? i was just giving an example .. also kinda stating that whatever you're basing on jungs work , in mbti , ( enneagram is a completely different issue ) is mostly random bs created by myers ... well .. briggs was not a psychologist .. didnt even have a degree in anything close , i recall she used to be in academical agriculture .. and isabel myers ( her daughter ) has a pol sci degree .. none of ... so lets begin :) first off , mbti is a non scientific classification based on the jungian archetypes . now , i'm not saying its useless and pseudo-science , it is highly practical in defining people ... interesting question considering jungian archetypes are slightly dependent on the environment . i'd say i'm more an entp online , so you know me as an entp ^ ^ 1 . i got into my major because i like inventing stuff and ee engineering was the top choice to do that , or very nearly anything else after you graduated . i then jumped into erasmus ( finland ) , started ... then again the number of deaths in ww2 is a relatively large fart in the wind compared to the increasing population . . or you can use this information to see if someone is mistyped : happy : noone likes jameson . you either love it or you gtfo : wink : i mean i get it ... seriously .. the stable room size for horses is important but imagine them like bunk beds and in larger rooms you can hold two to three horses and then you can cut the expenses ... hmm to be honest i can see you as a j from a distant perspective . especially if we consider your mafia behaviour . but the wider the perspective gets , the more and more p you are than anything else . ... maybe because you are sideways ? '