' thread closed for review . rule number 7 7 . respect user privacy do not post the contents of private messages , chatroom / skype messages , or other personal communications on the open forum or ... joy is a feeling . because you are you . that one guy i listened to this whole thing . you've been nothing but nice to me . on one hand in spam world i am mod . on the other in spam world i am shit poster . bring them together and what do we have ? i just realized it was fall . oh my fucking god i like that you play to my need for attention . you get a sticky . artwork is on point af . who said you needed to sign up ? there's just room for 2 and i was hoping one of them be wickerdeer . my sheets are on my bed and there's room for two . he's referring to the se - te loop that immature esfps go through when they have undeveloped fi according to some theories out there about type . imo it manifests as a very aggressive and ... in other news i just recently pulled out 5000 dollars in 20 ' s from my bank and threw it all over my bed . hi those infps are fucking the very best okay ? ! ! ! ? ? ? : crying : talonia would be the name of my twin sister if i had one . i gave a fake thread warning . i lowkey got in trouble for that . it had better be titled in memory of talon and not in memory of memory of talon somebody is a reggie watts fan you'll get over it . 716146 he gets a sticky only if he keeps doing them . i voted for myself . no regrets . i'm just a street rat i didn't know about shadashada until i became a mod . but then again most of you didn't exist to me . you'll be next . is that where atama has been ? i'll get jenny on it . too bad so sad i dont think so what happened here ? no clue . owell . this is , in general , terrible life advice . i dont think so i'm angry lets start drama homelyroamlydomely possiblyscrabble fucking clownzones fucking wolfzones fucking timezones . winebombs , women , writing , wolves . i'm a libertarian marksman something inconsequential me so horny . sucky sucky 250 dolla believe in the me that believes in you . i ship nabbit and her cell phone welcome to the forum bro . you seem like a cool dude and will fit right in . let me know if you have any questions . i got you . today i learned that veil is roaminspirit blackdog and scrable or high on amphetamines i mean its still a shit show but like . there's cool people here now . alright , well there's new people here at least . '