' i didn't care to much for the end of doubt , but man do i want to make the wolf's rabbit head one year and wear it to a con . it's a about bouroughs writing the book . although it's rather bizarre ( talkng bug typewriters and aliens ) it isn't bad at all if you like the older cronenberg movies anyways riight now i'm ... i have kid 606 playing in the background i'll start off with a quote from your bible ( i actuality never read it before but i am now , thanks for posting it by the way ) “ indeed , most primary interests of an intp are things which he cannot ... painting something for a friend apparently i have double jointed fingers . i can also touch my elbows together behind my back . second time worked . i had to make a new on but the first time didn't even show up to that page it skipped to the album directory or whatever you would call it oh and thank you both for the help no it doesn't i was going to up load some stuff in a album i just made and well , i don't see where you do that at . could someone tell me where it is or if something is wrong with it ? i read though the faq and ... just got done inking a drawing and i'm now going to try to get my scanner to work i didn't know that i just assumed that was the original name . good movie , one day i'll read the book do you mean let the right one in ? i'm bumping this because more people should use the last.fm personality cafe group bored out of my mind . trying to think of what i should do . 1 . draw something 2.watch something 3.read something 4 . find something inserting to do on the internet with 1 and 4 i can have music ... hell , i want to work in the comic biz here's a small articles you should read . it has ne not fi as the one most affecting interest in the arts . also some famous people that have been said to be intp ( i don't personally know if they ... about a 30 minute drive from charleston i'm from west virgina and i didn't realize that the state was one of the leading traffickers in the u . s . i've met around a hand full of people that grow there own though so it's no big surprise ... just started slaughtermatic by steve aylett the one i read was ' color of magic ' and i was going to try to read them in the order in which they were published seeing as that is the closest thing to a time line / reading order as you can get . so ... i'm two chapters away from being done with solar lottery by p . k . dick . i just read my first discworld book last month and really enjoyed it . did you read call of cthulhu the short story or is a copulation of a lot of lovecraft stories ? go is fun i wish i played it more other than the eye shine i don't think he was . riddle scott says he was but then each writer said that he wasn't i just thought it came off as pretentious and i couldn't care for any of the characters . there's more but i really don't remember the movie well enough to point out and nit pick each thing that i ... not great at all it's really said any more because most big book stores do have a much small comic ratio to manga . i know what you mean a lot of comic and gaming shoppes that i've been in have a territorial thing ... i should point out that the absolute sandman isn't all of them . also have you looked in to programs like cdisplay ? some suggestions . madman batman - year 100 batman - hush batman - year 1 the ... i want to ask if anyone thinks the deckard is a replicant ? blame ! ( or anything else by tsutomu nihei ) dead end smuggler alive angle's share books i was reading and were good but stopped for some reason or another . dragonhead soil i think hard candy is one of the worst movies i've ever watched i too have the show on my computer and have also resonantly played arkahm ( which is a pretty great game ) i bet they will bring back peter porker / spider-ham yes , but right now i'm behind on all of the batman reborn stuff that is out i have two dresser drawers filled with pokémon cards and then 3 books full of just rare ones . i also bought both pokémon gold and crystal from a web site in japan just so i didn't have to wait to ... : sad : .. oh . never cared for it as much as the first line of world of darkness stuff would we be playing in the new or old world of darkness ? i would like to know what they are doing with some of marvels imprints like max comics . max is geared towards older readers and i don't know if disney will keep it around seeing as it doesn't fit ... i'm started shatnerquake by jeff burk today and i'm almost done with it i'm reading the illuminatus trilogy by raw , the tales of h . p . lovercraft collection of short story's , neverwhere by neil gaiman , and preacher ( comic ) by garth ennis & steve dillon the 1st is shade the changing man ( a comic character ) the 2nd is my attempted at drawing tom waits the 3rd was a character oh mine for a table top rpg , his face if pretty much cillian murphy well ... this is my first attempt at drawing on a shirt what's the best pen tablet to get , does anyone have any suggestions ? shouldn't it be glomp instead of hugs ? i don't try to be different i've just always perused interest that i liked and they more then not have been apart of some sort of counterculture or other obscure verity of things . as to the thing ... i want to know why the movie i am legend is better than the book . read interview with a vampire.anne rice wrote both the book and screen play to the movie so it's pretty accurate to the book ( the movie changes a bit here and there and cuts out around 4 chapters but ... the professional cool , levelheaded , lethal the professional is the most dangerous of all villains . you do what you do better than anyone , because , as a professional , you have standards . the ... the hardcore insomniac ! insomnius hardcorus . wow ! you're a hardcore insomniac ! most of the hours of your day are spent in the dark , and you're okay with that . you've gotten use to the isolation ...   '