' it took me a bit to understand my password was changed . can't leave you guys a few months alone that you fuck everything up lol . crocodile hi guys i'm aware about the fallacy of authority , in fact , i never said your sources are false . i said some sources are more reliable than others , and the docs from internet have almost no change to compete ... man , we're talking about just a few years ago events . how are a few youtube videos or internet docs more reliable of ours living relatives , who were there ? also italians back in 20-30 s were just ... about the same . also i use people to prevent the more harmful physical isolation , just like a medicine . being a penguing would be awesome . i think during the last years i spent too much time talking in my own head , to the point where it's difficult communicate with non imaginary people . i mean , i use to read book so my ( own language's ) ... i guess that's what money do . did you write your theory down ? besides the fact that there are no women on the internet ( liar ! ) , hence the theoretical inexistence of intp women [ citation needed ] , i would say for the sake of the argument that those beard-less ... and weird facial hair .  an intp does or does not . today she decided not to . do you often swap words like that ? i do . oh there's nothing better than wake up to this after maybe 4 hours of sleep . [ t ] now , have you considered the possibility that you did not understand what i said ( since it was a long story made ...  r / cabinporn what is the difference between lazy and not motivated enough ? the only circumstance under which the laws of robotics would allow me to consciously kill someone , is when my inaction could cause harm to humanity . jokes apart , i'd kill whenever it befits me ... world war tea has begun ( imgur )  i guess cooking for someone else is more enjoyable , both my mum and grandma love doing it . and yes , we need a housekeeper . the first one is what you think , the latter is what you say . people still filter what they say nowadays , right ? also it was a joke . why ? i don't understand the values / principles thing . people usually claim they've got solid values they act according to , but we don't have nor follow absolute rules . we just behave as a consequence of ... * you have not yet achieved the trust / consideration needed to access that part of my brain , you arrogant monkey * sure . you're basically killing us all . not necessarily a bad thing , though . sometimes these are boring , but this is sublime :  ... boop . my 70 + grandma just wished me happy birthday through whatsapp , my life is now complete . i hate when people quote me irl and change my carefully chosen words , twisting the meaning . and my phrases aren't even that long to remember . ... the second one , of course .  and also it's a mouse there are a lot of interesting threads here that i'd like to read , but the number of pages ( 5-15 ) scares me . i should code something that trims those for me . something that cuts all the very small ... if it's a quick / momentary crisis and you have other priorities you could just fuck the feels and delegate your shit to discipline . otherwise as nihilo ex nihilo suggested you could stop for a ...  first of all i think that committing suicide is completely acceptable at any age as taking drugs or drinking decaf . more subjectively , i would kill myself not to solve problems but to prevent ... someone mapped the brain of a worm and put it into a robot , it avoids obstacles and searchs food . '