' bienvenidos tamarillo : color / 821510 / tamarillo :: colourlovers bump , do i need to elaborate more ? here i go , i'm doubting my type again or maybe i never really knew it oh well vamos . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental ... how could i criticize that ? we're just so awesome . i w0uld m0st c3rten4inly b3 d ! 5ipl ! n3d ! f ! p0st3d th ! 5 t0 th3 intjforum.com anyways welcome ! azul , amek thetsilith ? hope you enjoy your stay . agree i toke spanish and french in my american h . s . and am currently taking a college course in spanish , among others . i love learning languages and it is usually my best class . plus i'm close enough to ... case analysis is one of the most general and applicable methods of analytical thinking alright , in an effort to clarify my mind i have initiated this inaugural round of uc's operational ping-pong . i have been pondering about my type or instinctual preferences and wish to solidify on ... i agree with calvin , of course if you believe nicholas cage is also ted cruz . pants 5 ' 10 ' ' 155lbs average + average i would say most larry david characters and most danny mcbride chars . although this is speculation is would say : isfj mom , estj dad . i get along better w / mom b / c dad tends to dislike my arguing and thinks my displays of ne are signs that i need more social interaction . personal ~ * name - hmm my username is rather long , so i'll choose pete as my nickname if you're lazy . * male location - ne ohio , usa . no . in nature age - i'm 18 , i usually act like i'm ... nice to see someone of our generation succeed , good luck and god speed on your job search , ham ( if you haven't already been recruited ) . hello , i am the opposite of isfj , an agnostic and dislike metal & 95 % of modern music , welcome ! i relate to much of that , except the mormon part , and the weight part , seriously just eat less , but i digress bienvenidos . how long have you worked in the factory ? welcome and remember ideas do not matter if you don't use them . organizing your thoughts into a cohesive idea then presenting your idea and letting others bounce their take on to yours is awesome . welcome + let that ni loose . welcome ! watch this ! there's little reason to be intimidated unless you enter the debate forums , or sometimes current events . although the information you will absorb if you carry an active interest in the more sciencey ... xd it's a known fact that each type will think their the best . ( perhaps ) + welcome welcome , and what an interesting major pair you have . you should watch this : it's worth it to follow it to youtube . bienvenidos y mantiene sus pantalones mientras monta el agua .  welcome + enjoy the bustling infj sub-forums . did anyone say ron swanson yet ? you might want to curb your habits entp , because states are starting to outlaw laughing and doing nothing while watching a crime take place . do you play the pan flute and mandocello at the same time ? anyways welcome and don't forget to eat breakfast daily ! . bienvenue et disfrute-toi bien . french 2 ftw . the i forums and the n forums are typically more active , with intp being the most active imo . welcome is there a space in which the universe is expanding into ? ^ enjoy + welcome welcome + past a certain point i recognized what each answer pointed towards and type bias took over . the key is to find a good test and answer honestly i recommend this : socionics tests do the short ... yeah , i'm the same way stormblue . i'm usually quite shy but once i'm extroverted it gets fun and a tad chaotic . welcome btdubs ' ello slytherin here , great job countering the large lethargic mammal . + your in good hands as the i and n sub forums tend to be the most active . that picture awesome ?  ( entp ) i doubt we would / whttp :/ / blog.caranddriver.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/lamborghini_egoista_three_quarter_front_view.jpgill see any correlation . btw that's a lamborghini ... '