' it actually is so motivating . hahaha . thank you so much ! i know it's hard to see changes in others ... it's subtle but to me it means a lot ... and to some people i no doubt still look pretty out of shape , but compared to where i'm coming ... double post . down a kilogram . getting there slowly , fam . there's no other way to put this . i feel like my man titties have finally started to go away . there's not much ... i think these days you just learn it the way you learn any other language . there are even internet communities that chat in latin . you can read harry potter in latin . there are heaps of textbooks you ... wow . i've never seen him that emotional . that was beautiful , but ... if he was always this way it'd lose it's impact and meaning . there's a place for everything . it's like when he jokes , smiles and ... just one idea , one perspective , that i'm mulling over . the idea that life is not about being happy . i agree that pleasure is a value . but i take issue with the idea that it's the only value , or that it's the central value , or that it is what one ought to be optimizing with one's actions , or that ... exactly ! perfect example . many people , especially secular people , seem to think the point of life is to be happy . that'd be fine if they had a good defence of it but it's echoed by most people without scrutiny because they ... isn't all of that just obvious ? :P and how is that different from the entire series so far ? why waste your time living with your family in a middle class home going on dangerous missions with your ... yeah but they aren't rick c - 137 ; they are alternate versions of him . he is ' the rickest rick ' . they aren't changing c - 137 ' s personality , so i don't think it's the same thing . there are so many logical holes in this show ... i don't see why you'd care about this one . haha . alt right memes are so good . haha for the sake of all that is good in the world , i hope she never does . haha oh ok . i don't see that hair as unhealthy looking though . yeah i mean hair that is around waist length . it's so rare yet looks so great . many women have hair this long . it's much more common in eastern europe to have long hair . case in point , this is real . absolutely glorious . true , but i don't really have much of a life anyway . there's not a lot for me to balance , and i look at these buff guys on instagram and it seems like their lives are way better than mine . i want ... i wonder how good my body could get if i became obsessed with it . it'd be nice to know what it's like . yeah . i think you might be right . i'm pretty sure that women are more picky over looks than men . basically just because they can afford to be . but obviously there's a huge disconnect between what ... the lighting in the gym is so good it gives you the illusion of having bigger muscles . i took this douchebag selfie for you all . we were having so much fun i couldn't help but mess around a little ... i expected this to be boring because i imagined it'd be just be a repeat of what they've all said before and then devolve into an anti post-modernist circle jerk . but no ! there were some ... unlikely events are likely . i went to the gym around 12:45 pm and left at about 1:55 pm . it's currently 10:00 pm and my friend asked me if i wanted to go to the gym and he'd pick me up , or am i a pussy ? i said . did you ... i'm still a fatty boombah , so there's not much to show . i haven't made much fat loss progress in months , but i'm back on it . i'm going hard on my diet again . i'm 95.2 kg as of today . i'll post again ... i really admire rick . he doesn't need anyone . when he was a pickle , with no hands or feet , he figured a way out of it . that's an interesting split i never considered . the body that feels best , the body that looks best . i never considered that a body could be better in feeling even though it's not as nice visually ... that is one of the mysteries of the universe . no one knows . scientists speculate that some women actually think it looks good . but i find that theory absurd . currently you only get three years in jail . i'd favour more jail time . three years seems like a slap on the wrist for rape . but castration , no . whatever analogy you want to use , it is superseded ... what is the ideal male body in your mind ? if you could have all the other qualities of a man you want , personality , job , wealth , character , status , humour , interests , whatever , and pick any body ... right . to some people , working out at all is an amazing feat . maybe some people consider even 45 minutes to an hour a day working out as ' taking over their lives ' . perhaps the extra preparation ... perhaps this post is overkill , but oh well . i suppose there are two questions . and it pertains to male physiques . whenever i post an ideal physique i get push back from two sides . on the one ... i wonder what a realistic physique is to regular people . just being skinny ? lol . originally that's what i said i was aiming for , but other people thought it was a terrible goal . i suppose you cannot ... he's well within natural limits . the most difficult part would be the leanness level . eugen sandow lived before steroids were invented , and he was much more muscular ... but i didn't mean to suggest that their lifestyles were ideal overall . some aspects of their lifestyle were better , namely physical activity and a wholefood diet . i think you're arguing ... i never said i did live like them ... i want to have a similar body by doing the relevant things they did to look that way . physical activity and a good diet . are you speaking about the insulin hypothesis ? is it really cherry picked ? i can find other examples . if it's not the most common , then so what ? it's still the physique of a hunter gatherer . this is a kitavan islander . ... have you ever been fat ? it's worse than you think , i imagine . my friend and i were discussing the other day about how on earth fat people justify it as worth it . as he said , i like food too but it's not that good . i mean cake is nice , but it's not worth ... look at these dudes . even the old guy in the middle is ripped and jacked by modern standards . rofl . i had a girlfriend with hair a bit longer than that . it was a little bit of work , but not a lot . and that's partly why it's so nice , i guess . somewhere along the line we started celebrating ... i'm sorry my physique goals upset you so much . but i don't understand why . what is wrong with wanting to look like a hunter-gatherer ? and what is wrong with the term ? it signifies a human living a ... why don't more girls have hair like this ? it's so good . hahaha :D i found my physique goals super lean . fit . hunter-gatherer chic . doesn't look like a meat head . looks good in a shirt and without . attainable and maintainable . definitely agree . being slim is way better than eating junk food . '