this is a cutsie post ! i'll buy in :) i changed my avatar when i started posting again for the cute little bat being brushed with a toothbrush , i am not sure entirely why this pic stuck in my head ... i don't understand bullys , sociopaths ( i grasp the concept eww ) or pychopaths oh and people who wander off to other peoples threads to leave a random message without it being pertinent to the ... lol yep who needs drama queens . i have very little energy as it is , less than introverts would normally have . no time for drama queens whatsoever . i will put up with minor dramas but ... so many things here strike a chord - been there , seen that , done that , bought the t-shirt .. one thing i can say about these things is that people ( and i am speaking of people generally as in ones ... thank you for sharing cappucino ! that's an interesting point or four you make there . :) i am glad that you feel confident and content with what you have . that's great and yes i agree completely it ... update so it ’ s been over a year since i posted this and i have been trying out most of the suggestions here , some out of curiosity and also because i really would love to have more friends and be ... well hi to anyone who may remember me ! unlikely though i tend to stay under peoples radars even when i am screaming at the top of my lungs ! lol it ’ s been a while although i ’ ve been lurking here and ... thanks mushr 00m , i appreciate your response very much ! :) for me it really is about maintaining it . i have cfs / m . e . and fibromyalgia . i am not overly bothered if i don't like someone and they ... huge thank you to everyone who participated here and commented or responded to the questions so eloquently ! :) and the more responses that people give the more i can see the same patterns that i ... i know there aren't many responses ( yet - i hope there's more ! ) and a huge thank you to those who have given up the time and effort to respond . it's very much appreciated ... but i am seeing a ... thank you again for all the comments , i will still be checking for any new responses . i feel that my new questions , ( while following on from this topic ) would take this one a bit off course . :D this thread has thrown up even more questions than answers for me . : happy : but thatx 92s a good thing . ( i was going to ... the thing about that is , that it doesn't just happen when i am face to face with people .. it's happened to me various times online as well ... there's no body language there to blame ... but i have ... i think wellsy has pretty much hit the nail on the head .. however , i think if these people know how much it's getting to you it will likely bring out even more childish behavior knowing they will get ... thank you for sharing more .. so do we think that maybe it's just people with a lack of manners or even just our lack of presence ? i know that often i don't want to be noticed .. and it's then i ... my goodness ! thank you all for taking the time to reply and for all your wonderful replies ! am glad it's not just me it happens to . it's really enlightening to get so many different perspectives on ... i get what you are saying about the body / mind / soul thing :) however even when i try to make myself appear in front of these people i still get passed over either by the server or people ... invisibility ix92ve had a bit of time away from the forums because ix92ve been busy , and throughout that ix92ve been doing some mulling over , watching myself interact with others and vice versa .. ... ayers well done for insulting most of the members on this forum ! the weak and shameful description you are talking about encompasses the people here on these forums and in life , and is a ... personally i don't find it patronizing ; just honest .. not every part of the infp description fits me but the majority of it does and yes , that is how i am , it is how i come across generally ... you answer your own question with the first sentence i've bolded . this is why discussion and debate can be difficult for me with an intp . :) this can get frustrating for me when i am trying to get my ... i haven't posted here in a long while but being female and infp and the first post i clicked on .. i will run with it .. i've met a few intps and yes they suck me in really easily and i can feel a ... i've had so many experiences throughout my lifetime that i could probably write a book about them . however , while i am an open minded skeptic and sit on the fence with this , nothing i have ... i honestly think that as we grow older our personality balances out a lot more and it becomes more difficult to figure out what we actually are . if i go back to my childhood i would probably have put ... well i don't know exactly how to tell you how to do it . i just ignore the screaming and go for it . lol for example , i am not one of those people who likes to get up and dance on the dance floor ... i do throw it away sometimes , and just go ahead and do something uncharacteristic for myself . i think this stems back to a time when i was younger and was away with a friend at their cousins house ... erm , i don't believe there is any difference between tragedy . tragedy is tragedy regardless of it's effects and who they are forced upon , be they individual or within a group or what effect they have ... i spent years wondering what people were on about with that particular question , i think it ’ s just something i ’ ve always known and couldn ’ t understand why people had to go off to ` find themselves ` . i ... while this is not the situation you are talking about , it nevertheless , is the same in principle ... so i am looking it from a slightly different angle . i am curious then , do you feel these forums ... well i don't know how usual it is , but i certainly have no problem spewing my guts if i feel comfortable with the other person , however , having said that . there are people i will not open up to at ... not surprised really , go free speech ! and freedom of rights ... give people an inch and they'll take a mile , anarchy here we come ! for me i think the most wtf / frustration thing about some posts are really the replies . while i understand that people go off topic , it is with disbelief when i read something that i or someone else ... welcome to the forums ! :) i agree with the above posters and probably any latter ones too , just jump right in . the passages i put in bold are eerily similar to my experiences .. do you still find the same thing in everyday life or has it changed any for you ? well , seems like i am not alone in this then , it's a bit of a relief in a sense that it's not just me . i don't feel my experiences with these people were wasted at all , even if they used me as a ... the question isn't whether we choose these people but are chosen by them . :) i think the cycle you speak of is one in which i consider taking on the ` poor wretched outcast ` and fixing them and then they ultimately use me as a stepping stone and move on with their life ... thanks again ! so many compliments * preens * ;) incidently , i noticed your location , lovely place but many years since i was there . :( you should try the books that i stole that passage from , they ... i think this is a bit of a case of ` the grass is greener on the other side of the fence ` . who you are as a person isn't defined by those 4 letters i n f and p . who you are and if you are liked , ... thanks for the kudos , :) yes , i have been a florist for over 20 years now . and i still get passionate about flowers and designing them . i adore them , they are the little bits of all year round ` feel ... i am utterly horrified to be frank . ugh ! i'm tapping right into my core being right now and icky ! i could have married for money , but i didn't like the guys , so i didn't take things further than ... well , welcome to the forums . i think that you should find a lot of lovely people here . :) and as snail pointed out already , the pm system is pretty good so why not reach out to a few people and ... thank you for your response , and i am by no means attempting to start a debate so please relax :) i like to get as much information about things as i can , from as many different perspectives as ... i am curious about the two things i bolded . can you elaborate a little on the former ? do you mean that god judges our sins by different measures ? ie there are small , medium and large sins ? because ... i think that's an extremely profound dream for you , with so much meaning in every possible way . and yes i believe you are right , that it is your inner child , something you perhaps ignored or pushed ... it's nice to know someone else shares a similar view . :) when i talk about man made religions it's with an ` s ` . i am sorry , i should have made that clearer , i do not talk about religion itself but ... i had a message recently ( less than a week ago ) on a dating / friendship site which was from someone in australia i believe . i didn't pay much attention to where they were from . they asked me my ... i think a lot of infp's are poets and well able to use facts and logic , i am pretty good with the fact / logic thing and i love poetry . so both those apply to me . i really don't make many decisions ... alrighty , we have a saying where i come from . :) and i'm going to apply it .. i'm saying this , and saying no more . i'll wait and see what the op's responses are . the first bit in bold ... being open is absolutely not a fault whatsoever . but opening up in such a way that you just ` dump your entire ` self ` ` on someone isn't appropriate and completely unfair . and i'd just like to say this ...