' i wouldn't want to be on an elevator for a week with anyone - not even the people i love ... i may not keep loving them after a week in the elevator . : shocked : and i don't mean having multiple personalities like sybil ! i have taken the briggs myers test a couple of times and it said i was an estj first ; now , it says i am an istj . not much has ... when you would rather spend a sunday afternoon in a museum with another thinker , than in front of the boob tube . and when you get irritated at the person that when asked , why did you do that ? ... lol ! awesome ! ! ! i have to ask , since quite a few of you guys are totally dumping on all the estjs you have known - how do you know they are estjs ? have they taken the test or is this based on your observations and ... i am an estj and just joined , but given the posts in this thread , i am guessing other estjs leave for feeling unappreciated and generally hated . funny though , i thought this forum was so the ... i am an estj and think your friend and co-worker are possibly not really estjs . estjs are the rational , less emotional types . the people you describe are certainly not being rational and are ... lol ! i have been accused of being annoying too , but once they get used to me , things are okay ! if you don't mind me asking , what kind of work do you do ? i find that our personality type is great ... i usually log in quickly post and log backout because i have other things going on . i couldn't help but notice that other types do not seem to appreciate the estjs . i see complaints negative ... is it because those feely types don't like us ? ? it pays off for some and not others . you should make sure of what you want to do and the feasability of the choice once you obtain the degree . business majors are a dime a dozen , you might want to ... : laughing : we certainly seem to be in the minority ! i wonder if this is a good thing or a bad thing ... i get the funny feeling that there are not many female estjs here ... : unsure : i think most people just don't get us and they don't like it when we offer up an answer they should have already thought of ... did that sound bitchy ? i don't like kids ! they are irrational and obnoxious ! i know that women are supposed to love children and be nurturers . i love my kids , but i don't like any other ones .. yep , pretty unpopular ... hi , i am new to the forum and thought this would be fun ! i am excited to be able to talk to other estjs ! ! i am also looking forward to learning more about the other personality types , the feelers and ... i think that judgers are often incorrectly perceived as being selfish . they offer up unsolicited opinions and advice and it is frequently mistaken for instruction or even order-giving , but in reality ... i wouldn't want to speculate on a quality that could be perceived as a shortcoming of another personality type without some kind of study , but i can speak for myself as an estj - i am not easily ... i find myself avoiding people and situations where i know i am going to be annoyed ; like any situation involving children ( unless they are my own ) . i love my kids , but i can't really stand anybody ... as an estj , i have similar issues . i usually handle myself okay in situations where the need for empathy is obvious ( funerals , crisis situations ) , but it is the day to day times when it is much less ... totally disagree ! ! this would go completely against the grain of a guardian personality ! i am new too and look forward to seeing you on the pc ! hi there ! i am new too and an estj ! looking forward to seeing you on the board ! i get really annoyed with the exact same things you listed and because i am an extrovert , i frequently say exactly what i think . yikes ! ! i get myself into hot water on a regular basis ! if you figure ... you don't understand why everybody gets mad when you suggest a rational solution when they are all about the emotional . you have a cow when somebody wants to change the game plan at the last minute ! '