' i find that i clearly notice the difference between s & n . i have a slightly negative view on s types since i find them more draining & hard to talk to ( i sometimes associate s with ' small talk ' or ... rules only have credibility if they work , if they don't work then why follow them ? that is the point of rules , to make things work . and you should only listen to people in authority if what they say ... yeah from what has been said it doesn't sound like he is trying to lead you on , but instead that he is actually ready for a relationship . in the past he liked you but was cautious so distanced ... also as you get older don't peoples functions start to level out more ? as is the weaker functions become more prominent & used . if that happens then perhaps the fi becoming stronger may affect how ... depends on how you said it i guess . i mean i think that is a perfectly fine piece of advice to give . even intjs shouldn't spend all their time in their house . two of my intj friends have been told by ... i myself am a christian . and as part of that i don't see the point of striving for the physical unless you also are striving for the spiritual . what do the physical things matter if they shall die ? ... i only feel lonely when around a lot of people that are different from me . so that happens in a lot of social situations . i also feel lonely a the fact that not many people really understand me ... what on earth have i come across ... hugs ... hmmm ... well , i do love enfps & infjs * stands back & observes * hmmm i was wondering if that came from me being an intj or the enneagram 5w6 part of me . possibly both though ? when i am low on energy researching something i am interested in energizes me . or just ... thanks for mentioning that , i only just noticed a similar thing on my hand . right hand : ring finger > index left hand : ring finger < index ( slightly ) can't say so . i care deeply for a few select individuals . * sigh * can't we all be friends ? although i did read through that fight on the thread started by ego sucicide ( was that the name ? ) that was quite amusing although pointless xd all 26 pages of it xd ... & yet you somehow thought it was worth while making that comment ? interesting hmmm seems a bit harsh & senseless to judge her just from the video . yes the video does show a person that is probably unhealthy & insecure . & yes posting your self-pity on the internet isn't the ... yes my family is very i & j xd was quite different when i moved out with people ... ' what , people gain energy from being around people ? ! & people don't always plan & be organised ? ! what are they o . o ' ... hmm i fail to see how that was cute but hey , i shall accept compliments when i get them . if it is a compliment ... seems to be when a girl calls a guy cute xd but i don't really know * shrug * mum : ... well what can i say , i guess i can be . i have my moments =P although being called adorable makes me feel slightly like a kid - _ - yeah , some intjs don't handle that stuff to well . i am more ... ... excuse me , cute ? i am a heartless cold mastermind that will destroy everything you love & dominate the world ! ! ! xd bahahahahahaha i fail to see where that conclusion of my character came ... oh i wasn't offended . i was saying though that it is an insult in a way . although i just see that you don't understand how we think . just as we don't understand your way of thinking . okay it ... wow & i just said let's keep this friendly ... you take our comments too personally . you posted a thread with a video about how you think our dom function is shit . we didn't take personal offense ... yeah guys let's keep this friendly . although yes the real content was only about 3 min of the 12 min pastryparadise don't flatter yourself haha , i think that most of my content there was to the point & relevant =P interesting that you should title this thread with it being about ni considering the majority of it is about your anxiety & your emotional ramblings . the idea that ni is the worst function & that se ... but this test would be done by something external from yourself , therefore could you trust that it is not also part of a simulation ? if you can't prove that your senses are correct then you can't ... an example of the computer simulation or the universe & trusting your senses which are falsely telling you it is real would be ' the matrix ' . can you prove that you are not in the same type of thing ... hey , it can be rare to find religious intjs since they are the type that are least likely to be religious . i myself was not raised as a christian , but through questioning & searching for answers i ... oh , you are the first male enfp to respond =D hello ! i feel strange making this thread & posting on it , doesn't feel like the normal serious independant me . making a thread to try & get friends ... jackpot indeed ! many new enfp friends ^ _ ^ i shall try to keep up with conversations , but i am not online all that often =D oh wow getting so many new friends , lets just sow down here hey & not overwhelm me with people haha nah all good . thanks guys , i have started chatting to a couple of you & that has been great so ... i have added you on skype miss snoot . i am in bendigo ( near melbourne ) actually . what cause would you have in mind ? hello my enfp friends , i have found that i get bored quite often & quickly when i have nothing to analyse or someone to talk to about interesting things . so i figured that i would try & find ... i also go towards the theory that we are born with our brain wired a certain way & that the environment just tweaks things such as our worldview . i had extreame anxiety when i was a kid ( as far ... my dad is an isfj ( not confirmed ) my mum is an istj my eldest sister is an infj my next sister is an istj i am in intj so this turns out interestingly that everyone in my family has a family ... i am fairly decent at chess . but i sort of obsessed over chess for a while ( & you know how intjs obsess over something so they can perfect it ) & made it something that i played very often & studied ... well done man . i never saw how the intj + enfp could ever make the perfect match , i always read the enfp info & think they are so needy , how could i ever fall for one ? & how could they ever fall for ... when i am given the spot light i feel singled out & nerves , like what someone else said , as if they want something from me & that i need to meet some expectations . i feel that if i don't meet the ... i drink for fun , it makes me able to talk a lot more & i feel so much better not constantly analysing ( as much as i enjoy it , it is nice to have a break ) . but i will only drink with friends . i have ... as a guess , since she is older than you , she stills sees you as how you were to her when you were both younger , as the little sister who she could use . i would suggest just showing that you are ... i really enjoyed reading your post , it was really well written & i found i related with a lot of what you mentioned . although i actually loved reading about the intj personality since it seemed like ... i wouldn't be offended at all , party it's true , but also if they think that then what of it ? their problem . my main one is failure , not sure what else . perhaps some of the unknown , can't say for sure . the question is though , would you even be able to do it ? since we are dealing with time , & the fact that it is so far in the past for this scenario , odds are , you would not exist . one small change ( & ... i would have to totally agree with the op , it describes how i see things ( or feel if you will ) quite accurately . pretty much , except the initiate conversations , i struggle to do that quite a bit ( probably since i am also a 5w6 ) + talking about my daily life . you are quite right with us not being able to ... suppose a problem i have is that i don't really see a lot of stuff relevant to comment on . i generally just don't care about stuff . although i do understand that this is something that i need to ... hmmm , thanks for all your thoughts guys , a lot of this stuff is what i do anyway ( listen , spend time with them etc ) . it just seems that other people are so much better at showing their affection for ... hey fellow intjs , just wondering how you guys express to other people that you really care about them . i struggle with showing much emotion at all & even more so with affection . this isn't about ... actually i am not too sure . i remember as a kid that i would easily get offended & upset , which of course is the opposite to now . now days i am actually really apathetic . so i might say that i was an ... i know i am not an infj , & that i am an intj , but i thought , what the hell . i would say go to the party , as someone else mentioned , it would be so much easier going to the party than the concert ... '