' infjs have strong ti , so it may be picking up on the fact that you're not overly-feelsy . but most online tests are bullshit , so don't worry about it . oh thank god i'm not alone in this . it's easy to think you're the only one who feels that way . seeing sensors do well because they just memorize and regurgitate like good little office drones instead ... sup guys and girls . first new thread on here in a long time . so : how did you like college / university ? what did you major in ? how did you motivate yourself ? i have extremely mixed feelings ... you know you're surrounded by sensors when you take business classes at arizona state university . : rolleyes : fuuuck . i just got on this site for the first time in a couple of years , and boy oh boy life is getting a bit stressful . i kind of hate being an intp . i'm smarter than most people , but lazy ... for me , university is like highschool + 60,000 people + loneliness ( and no car ) . but it'll be alright . i haven't seen it , but i have an intj friend who is a self-proclaimed sociopath and he thinks the divergents in this film have to hide the same way as sociopaths need to in our society , and both ... i find my vedic natal chart more personally accurate than the western one , but here's the one people have been posting : ... this is exactly how i use facebook likes . i end up deleting a lot of posts which i realize after the fact are a little out there or too obscure i make more bombastic , bold statements than normal but am not able to defend my positions as well because alcohol . i hit on people , connect with them more emotionally , tell stories , and have jovial ... there are few things more awkward in this world than someone else being more excited about something you did than you are . it happens to me a lot . i'm ruthlessly perfectionistic and i rarely make ... what were they doing that was endearing to you ? that depends ; do you prefer using the proper definition of such things , or bend the meaning a little bit ? isfs . for some reason , i'm so often disappointed with them . it's usually either friends or family not utilizing their potential but instead becoming slaves for people they can run circles around in ... i'm unsure between 5 and 7 , just as i'm unsure between intp and entp . bollocks . that's the plan right now . i'm just in a spot where i don't meet a whole lot of people my age ; i go to a community college so half the people there are ten years older and a lot of the ones my age ... blahhh . i'm a 19 year old entp male and suck at the whole courtship thing . i haven't been in a serious relationship in a year and a half , and i miss it . granted , i was a total fat ass but now that ... edit : sorry wrong thread love you intjs when you get asked how do you know all of that ? ! about different subjects pretty much every day . damn , i never verbalized it , but this is exactly what i do . excellent point . basically when i'm sarcastic or trolling i'll imitate what i see as unintelligent , unworthy of respect , or just really ... when i swore as a child , i literally got my mouth washed out with soap . my mom got some liquid soap and basically shoved it in my mouth . it was awful . as an entp child , i probably cussed more than ... oh boy . honestly , i rarely stick to anything long enough to master it if it is initially difficult . i stick to things i find interesting or those which come intuitively . expert at / extensive ... my current addictions : nicotine caffeine internet / entertainment / learning my former addictions : pills and drugs in general . i tried every drug i could ... usually i didn't stick with one for too ... but you would have absolutely no idea that you were immortal , and thus could not be bored . the only death / disease that scares me is alzheimer's or any other degenerative brain disease . i value my mind , mmkay ? i think if i found out today i have a terminal illness , i'd just be angry and ... one of the things i like about the enneagram is that it explicitly addresses the impact of varying levels of mental health . the mbti doesn't do that , and i'd like to try to differentiate between ... [ delete ] how do i delete a post like damn stoned = hot damn this thread inspired me to have a deep observation about myself that'll help me immensely even though it didn't relate to much in the thread wow . apparently this is serbian pop music . a cute bosnian girl in my math class suggested it to me . i can't take it seriously at all : laughing : that being said , i love foreign music . ... when i see warmongers on tv either defending current wars or pushing for new ones , i get really pissed off . this wouldn't be a problem if my dad didn't have fox news on 24/7 :p for the most part , ... well , i do somewhat . he's sort of my ideal , healthy vision of me in the future , with house being an unhealthy , cynical version of me . and yeah , i've noticed that i tend to derail serious ... alright , folks . i know this has been done before , but i've never seen satisfactory answers that really make me positive about one or the other . i'm ~ 80 % sure i'm an entp , given that i love being ... i'm considering getting a custom license plate that says sxentp yeahhh i've gotten a lot of pushback from friends and family for some of my facebook posts , especially the ones regarding politics and religion . i don't see why people get so offended by differing opinions ... 13-14 : awesome , slightly arrogant , everyone liked me , had tons of friends , adventurous , successful 14-16 : extremely depressed , jaded , cynical , pushed everyone away , incredibly alone , never went to ... i'm twelve and what is this ? i'm really talented at lying to get out of bad situations . i still live at home , so i'm always lying about where i was / what i was doing when out . my parents are nosy , so i cover my tracks pretty ... when you wake up one morning , decide i feel like driving 2 hours to flagstaff to check out the university today ( from phoenix ) , so you do . to top it off , you have a six o'clock class that evening ... yes . at the start of this school year , i was like 265 . now i'm down to ~ 220 , the lowest i've been in years :) how did i do this , you ask ? i got a job in physicalish labor / retail ( seafood department ... sometimes i turn into an unhealthy intj : judgmental asshole , extremely perfectionist , pseudo-intellectual arrogance , isolation , get offended by people challenging my arguments etc . that was me all ... yeah , i sit next to her in that class and we talk a lot and we vibe really well . i'm gonna ask her for her number on monday . will update here with news , if the news is positive : rolleyes : fuck i want to date this infj girl in my math class . how do i ask her out / for her number in a non-awkward way ? just be like hey , what's your number ? we should hang out some time ? dunno , i ... i was thinking about this the other day . in my mind , the definition of popularity is being known by more people than you know . i had that going pretty hard core up through middle school and ... i can see entps not liking the j side of infjs , but honestly , if they're a healthy infj they're not that bad . in fact , i like the almost maternal aspect of infj girls since i really need someone to ... i generally try not to let them see that i know . it's more fun that way . buuut if i know them well or am in a situation good for down-dressing i'll just say bullshit then repeat it while they ... my first girlfriend (8 th grade-freshmen in high school ) was an infj . she was , and still is , intelligent , caring , deep , and over all lovely . i have a lot of respect for that girl . i really want to ... '