' hrh dark gay lord baron darth peter benjamin geraldine mandelson of penistone of the privy council , leader of the labour party , king of great britain , prince of darkness , master of puppets , a man ... i think a big political and economic change will occur . not as drastic as the new world order hopefully . i voted for the bunnies ... i think that alejandro , fernando and roberto are the holy trinity and she is leaving god to become a luceferian priestess . there is a lot of symbolism in the video e . g the all-seeing eye . more info ... lol . my computer fucked up . look what i found ! < object width = 660 height = 525 > < param name = movie value = > </param> < param ... mal was scary . :d ry : why is she an intj ? just wondering . might also let us know if cam and clegg will work well together . : happy : celebrate , because i killed everyone else . : laughing : you can do it online at : splashup : happy : photoshop it . love it ! : happy : are you dead now ? dead people don't post . go away . that wasn't too hard . : tongue :  : angry : i'm a girl ! you're awesome ! : tongue : to darkesthour : look ! it's you ! to schadenfreude : awesome ! : happy : to darkesthour : i guess that makes me a freaking lunatic . no ! no ! mine ! ! ! : angry : i was going to but then i found this : : laughing : * rolls eyes * not alcoholicsanonymous , anonymous as in the group that fights scientology . togreen 4keeps : i know , i had the same feeling when i first joined ! : happy : cautiously hugs nsg ... : crazy : a robot would mean that we are controlled . which intjs are not . how about this ? : crazy : i have decided we need a logo . one that sums up our character and general ownage of everything . any ideas ? i'm thinking pyramid with an eye . : crazy : i'm kidding . this happens to me . i was about to cross a road , so focused on how crap my biology teacher is ( i had to correct her on flame tests . ) : angry : anyhoo , a car was coming . my intuition stopped me from ... i do find them hot . maybe it is becuse they are quite feminine ( not wishing to stereotype ) like kurt from glee . : crazy : i also like yaoi ! ! ! : wink : i am hindu , but believe in the energy concept of god . so , i think i'm a panthiest : happy : real : niels bohr , stephen hawking ( probably a load of other scientists . ): laughing : fictional : house , sheldon cooper , gandalf , stewie griffin : crazy : dave , nick and gids in a jeep ! what more could you want ? * epic epiphany * i should put stephen hawking in ! : crazy : just finished reading it . my head hurts . it isn't even a physics book . so i don't really know why . i feel all religious and weird now . i have the urge to become a freemason . i know what you're ... do me ! do me ! do me ! * gasps * that came out wrong . : crazy : hi ! nice to see another intj ! : laughing : i have to get good results too . if they're not in the nineties , i feel really pissed . :d ry : with school hw , my handwrighting may be really messy , but all the information has to be absolutely ... * hugs elessar * * realises self as an intj and bitch-slaps him * : crazy : aww . : tongue : whose ? my pet is adorable . i had to get that out my system . : laughing : its on bitch . : crazy : physics is awesome ! ! ! * crazy dance * yaaay ! ! ! see , i posted random shit . can i have my limerick now ? if this is one of those threads that people use to psychoanalyze you , ... in answer to your question : yes , considering you said you were one in your previous post on this topic . :p roud : i value kindness , as it is darwinian nature to value altruism because it generally will provide benefits for yourself . : wink : i hate it when people overuse the word like , or when texting use the word cum instead of come . always makes me snigger . : tongue : general indifference when discussing important issues regarding ... i find enfps attractive . i think i once read they were supposed to be the intj's ideal partner . anyway , they are just so damn cute . especially jd from scrubs . : laughing : it is not a question of if you can watch it . of course you can , unless you are blind . you mean whether you think it is okay to . you could watch brokeback mountain and no-one would care ... it is possible to be annoyed with someone and also be able to point out some redeeming features . i do understand where you're coming from though , as i used to be an intp . : happy : thanks for your ... thanks for your help ! the reason i don't want to tell her properly , is because if the word gets out about this and she goes and tells the teachers , i could look really bad . it would also look bad on ... how should i deal with her ? i am in year 9 and when the school year began a girl from america joined our class . ( my school is in england . ) anyway , she seems to have got the idea that she is my best ... i wouldn't say i'm really serious . when you have to be serious e . g when it concerns exams , then i am . but i love witty comedy e . t . c , so i'm not too serious . : happy : hey , nice to have another intj here . : happy : good to see an intj who likes science ! : laughing : so , yeah have a great time ! : crazy : '