' entps have a lot of energy , yet the energy is short lived . i think entps would be well suited for handling short projects . any project works would normally require creativity , don't worry about that . its true , though finding a job matching our personality gives us unlimited energy at work great story . i've always thought programming was more of an intp domain . how strong is the t in you i . e . are you mildly f ? not to sound rude or anything , i just can't comprehend myself how an isfj can like programming . maybe it's the fe side of programming ? like designing gui , delivering client's expectation and etc ... when you feel belittled by esfps ? hi , i think career selection is very important to ensure you are satisfied with your job . i have an isfj friend . she works in human resources and is very pasionate about it . i would say isfj need ... actually , i'm left handed too . but i think handedness have no correlation with mbti . a lot of istps are left handed . i have seen left handedness in almost all mbti types , even istjs ( which we ... hmm , this was a genuine observation . in fact have a look at this link , it kinda prove whos on top of each other . it's socionics though complete relationship chart between psychological ... entjs , do you often get 0wned by istps ( in a social context ) ? ? ? i don't know why ... they seem to own us easily ... probably due to their cool jock style and we see them somewhat more superior ... : sad : yeah , i think entj too . cause we have se as our third function . what do you mean by realistic ? when you are studying for an exam , you can't concentrate when there are small background noises ! lol ! , that just cracked me up ... ! ! if you're hanging around in forums like these , i think you're not much of mainstream anymore :) i read somewhere that when a person is stressed out he will resort to his third and forth function ; the function he normally ignores . so an entj will become isfp , and infp will become estj ... etc ... hmm ... i've alway thought it's an e vs i thing e when stressed go into seclusion i when stressed find people seems not true ... your mbti type ? hi all ! whenever you're stessed out , do you either 1 ) find people ? : - ask people to go out with you and start talking about your problem 2 ) or go into seclusion ? : - lock yourself in a room and ... ok i got it ... i finally got it ! you need to have all functions to see things at different angles te , ti , ne , ni , se , si , fe , fi all of them ! that's why old people are wise my fellow entj colleagues ! extraverted sensing ( se ) is supposed to be the 3rd function of us entjs ... te-ni-se-fi but what is se to you ? do you use it often ? if you do , how ? as an entj , i agree with that 100 % . the problem is , that's our weakness . we ignore people's feelings . however , once we've developed the feeling functions , we become more mature . an entj with a highly ... first of all thanks for starting this thread . i'm a muslim and i've just red this thread from the beginning . the way i see it is that burning the quran is an act to ignite muslim anger . we respect ... i think to be a successful entj or leader , one needs to develop all functions ... including fi and fe . that's a simplification . we need to see things from other people's point of views . entjs make tonnes of mistakes . we always think it makes sense to us but it actually doesn't to the vast majority after traversing this forum for months , i've learned that esfjs are the kind of people which entjs think are too concerned over the small things on other people . imagine if you are both going to ... i totally agree . entjs need a lot of shutting off to do .. which is probably why no super heroes are inspired by entj attitudes . interestingly there's a lot of entj badass super villains though ... come on man .. i'm an entj ... and i don't think entj's are badass name me one , just one , cartoon or movie heroes which is an entj ... entjs are knowledge appliers ... so we are book smart but probably spend less time reading . we rather apply what we've learnt more okay i'm rephrasing se users = street smart does this make sense ? haha , just trying sensors = street smart intuitives = book smart i had 2 entp friends who never studied at all , but always get straight a's . they don't get near perfect score but usually it's good enough to get all as ... i've come up with this theory that they ... this is the meaning of book smart ... why do we complain about people generalizing ? isn't mbti all about generalizing ? generalizing = simplifying book smart = no people skills i am entj ... and my fav was physics cause it's applied theory . i guess this has something to do with te ( applying ) and ni ( theory ) . which is better , book smart or street smart ? which type tends to be more street smart ? which type tends to be more book smart ? yeah , i agree tj are the most formal . i would rank 1 ) istj 2 ) estj 3 ) intj 4 ) entj well said ! i can see your style of leadership is more towards inspiring people . you try to bring out the best in people j's like myself , we like to manage . we like making plans and seeing them ... since none of you guys think that muslims are behind 9/11 , why is it that you guys hate muslims so much ? ? + labelling muslims are terrorist ? ? may i know what you do for a living and do you enjoy managing ? most ps i know hate doing management . they prefer to blend in and just be a good bloke but common , you guys love hands on work and hate doing paperwork rightg ? ? . you guys prefer to get your hands dirty , whether it be software programming or physical work , you prefer action . so ti loves to solve problems . yeah it does makes sense . istps just love fixing up mechanical stuff ... intps probably love more complicated stuff yeah , possibly . but still , even if the towers did not collapse they would've attacked afghanistan anyway . engineering facts and simulation do prove the controlled demolition theory . there was even ... what i don't understand is that if it was a controlled demolition ... why do they want the tower to collapse ? they can just leave the plane dangling there ... no need to collapse the entire tower to ... nice post , i think intuitives tend to generalize things more , so that's probably why you suspect they tend to be more racist . these are negative intuitors . however , positive intuitors can also see ... i have this nice analogy on ne vs ni imagine you are at a lunch buffet . there's lots of food ! with ni , you hold on to your plate and take the best food from each serving . you be picky . with ... so how do you stimulate your ti ? i just read another thread . this guy says that a way to motivate p's is to stimulate their main functions , ne = change their tasks often se = give hands on work fi = give appreciation ti = ... good ideas . so basically it's about motivating and stimulating ne and se . from what i've read , to motivate ne = give them new tasks what about motivating se ? '