' find out your myers briggs type : personality analysis : find out your myers briggs type do you laugh ? do you communicate well and often ? are you best friends and mindmates ? i had the same problem and settled on entp ... i am an entp . here is a quote from a person that loved another entp and i think it is true about me ... their initial flightiness or unwillingness to ... counterpart relationship ... well describe it . compatibility analysis : type compatibility - which type would you choose ? you both have the type d relationship and it is recommended for marriage , commonly seen married , and one of my favorite ... infj's are sp wannabe's ... so they would appreciate their company . sp's are party animals stereotypically and have the most problems with drug abuse . also infj's are the counselor personality type and ... istj would make sense ... like julia roberts or noah calhoun from the notebook . are you sure he is isfj ? interesting ... i call this one type c but most intj's and isfp's say they don't prefer their type c ... maybe that was wrong . compatibility analysis : type compatibility - which type would you choose ? yet another advisor relationship . i see this matchup married alot . do you give each other advice ? welcome to facebook i made a facebook group so that isfp's and entp's can interact and see what happens ... so join if you want . :) hmm an entj therapist would be good at marriage counseling too but more as a coach that brings the family back together because you have great salesmanship abilities and could use that to convince ... one letter different would make this relationship more common ... but if you have the right types pegged then this one is rare . nevertheless ... the matchup is called complement . ya know i thought i was ... an extinguishment relation or contrast ... these are common in marriage too from my research . an advisor relationship ... i see alot of those married . wow an enigma relationship . i am curious to know if anyone has had experiences with their own type in a lover or friend and how did it go ? i have a best friend that is an entp like me and we seem to have great analyzing ... actually ... infj and istp are a perfect match ! it's johnny cash and june carter ! and they are considered a supplement or activity match and from my research and from my experience with my own activity ... i am curious about the correlation in parenting styles so pick your parenting style from the options below and tell us your type . i am an entp . a . fun imaginative b . serious supervisor c ... what kind of therapist are you and what is your type ? i am an entp and i am studying to be a marriage counselor ... makes sense ... high ne and learning about bonds and interconnections between ... i am wondering how the relationship can work for an isfj and an enfp ... and an estj and intj ... i would like to know the types of ex loves , a brief description of if the relationship was good or bad , and how long it lasted ... i will start ... i am an entp and i am 28 . 1 . damion - infj or ... yeah ... christmas was funny . i'd have to fake emotion when i got presents . also i was the only one reading and learning things . i would try to explain what i learned and you could tell it was too much ... i would like to know what family members types are ... i will start . my mom = enfj my dad = entj ( they divorced years ago ) my stepdad = ? ? ? introvert ? my brothers = infp , infj , enfp my half sister = ? ... when i was a little girl i had my brother as my best friend and he followed me around like my little shadow and that is what gave him worth to me because as i got older he stopped and i walked alone ... if you are married ... what is your myers briggs type and your spouse's type ? i am curious to see which types are attracted to each other ... my biggest insults would be anything that implies that needing others is a bad thing . but i think that noone is an island and everyone needs people ... maybe not the one for you but we all need help ... the relationship between entp's and isfp's is called a novelty relationship and it says that we are intriguingly different , interestingly so . and it says that each has a strength in place of the ... is it possible that your husband is an enfj and not an esfj ? if so that is the match that makes you feel like a kid again . compatibility analysis : type compatibility - which type would you choose ? it is the advisor relationship esfj with estp . and from my experiences with enfj's as an entp ... they can come up with things i never even thought of when i am asking for advice . and each marriage is ... i think you have to have like 15 posts first . then you can join . here's the link once you get to 15 posts : please take all seven of my myers briggs tests and help me figure out if it gives the same answer each time or something different each time ... i am checking for consistency . 1 . okcupid | take ... this is my real life in person best friend and she is worth getting to know ! :) i'm an entp and i love esfj's ! you should join my entp's and esfj's unite social group and read about my theories on who is compatible with who ... welcome ! friend me ! i think lucille ball is estp and desi arnaz is esfj from i love lucy ! the esfj is one of the three best relationships for an entp and the best one in my opinion . here is a blog i wrote about it ... compatibility analysis : type compatibility - which type would you choose ? there are three relationships that are ideal in myers briggs ... entp and esfj is the activity one the type c relationship . i am an entp and the love of my life was an esfj . there are pros and cons to ... sounds estj to me . i like that . it seems like esfj's are so alive to me . i miss my esfj . it's not that hard ... you just have to go by functions for introverts instead of the letters ... but my system is based on myers briggs letters and not socionics letters ... in fact the only socionics ... you mean estj ? well ... he did give me a year to redeem myself . i didn't take it . i broke his heart and moved on . i didn't cheat . but now looking back ... i realize it was a mistake and he was the greatest love of my ... absolutely , i mean look at scully and mulder in ex files ... they may not have had a lot of romance like say the notebook or a walk to remember ... but it was the best match for them because their jobs ... hahaha ! creepy ! because he's dead ! this is so swayze and whoopi goldberg of you ! :P on a serious note ... he was my first love and he did die in 2005 in a car accident ... we were together for ten ... entp's tend to run away from a relationship when it is no longer challenging or when they get bored ... so if you both did that at the same time it would suck ... someone's gotta chase , ya know ? you ... this writing looks just like my infj ex's handwriting ! you have got to be an infj ! no doubt about it ! you can comment once you post a picture of your handwriting . i was just wondering ... if you are an entp then they say you are best with an infj , intj , or esfj . i prefer esfj's myself but i suppose entp with an entp is compatible ... except that entp's have a ... well there are some that want to know their type and i am showing handwriting samples to see if that helps them figure it out so if noone puts up a picture of their handwriting , then isfp's will not ... reply post . then look where the bold , italics , underline bar is ... and it is the picture of the mountains with the sun . i think you will have to image shack it first so you have a website and also ... i had to do a video interview for one of my classes once and the teacher kept correcting me on not looking directly at the camera . i looked kinda silly because i would look look up and over alot and ... '