there are definitely days where i get absolutely sick of being around people , and when i come home , i don't want to be around anyone , not even my mom . i've been using my fi function a lot more over ... thanks for the interesting article . long sleeved dark red top , over that , grey t-shirt , over that grey jacket , with jeans and camp-type boots . flicking between facebook and perc . going back and forth between the computer and the tv . pajamas ... getting ready for bed . a dark red long sleeved shirt , over that , a navy blue t-shirt , over that , a bright blue jacket , with jeans and doc . martan boots . i definitely agree with point b . a green long sleeved shirt , over that a dark blue t-shirt , over that a black and grey jacket , with jeans and camping-type boots . mine is where my friend's mom told me that i'm a closet extrovert . my sister tells me that i remind her ( behaviour and attitude-wise ) of avril lavigne . :p roud : ^ oh yeah , gotta agree with that ... my sister and i know someone like that . just one last cup of tea before i get ready for bed . when i meet a new person , i first observe them ( this might come off as being withdrawn or even not wanting to talk to people ) , but this is how i decide whether i like the person or not , and how i can ... definitely non conformist and unconventional . basically people just don't understand me , my outlook , my viewpoints , my values and the way i act . right-handed np . a green long sleeved shirt , over that a black 30 seconds to mars t-shirt , over that a grey jacket ( to keep myself warm ) , then jeans and slippers ( until i decide to change into proper shoes ! ) . here's your letter by blink 182 . drinking hot chocolate to keep myself warm ... i can relate to teenagers . i can get on with kids if i want to , though i most certainly wouldn't have them myself . someone that's outgoing , witty , thinks for themselves , authentic , has the same outlooks and viewpoints as i do . i can think of a fictional character that if i could find a person like this in real ... i basically ignore them ... if they decide to look down on me , chances are , i'll have the same reaction to them , because of the way they present themselves or the way the behave ( towards strangers and ... basketcase by green day . i can be cynical sometimes ... especially when i start silently observing people ... :d ry : i would probably say sensors and judges . i don't mind introverts and thinkers , as long as they aren't too extreme . a grey t-shirt , with a dark grey trench coat , jeans and then doc martan boots . browsing the internet , waiting for a video on youtube to load ... i'm busy reading ' i'll take manhattan ' by judith krantz . reads like a jilly cooper novel in some parts ... but other than that , it's good so far . striped black and blue long sleeved top , over that a blue t-shirt , over that a black and grey jacket ( to keep warm in this cold weather ) , with long black nike pants and boots to complete the outfit . pj's : pants , long sleeved black shirt , over that an orange t-shirt , and over that a grey jacket.and then lastly , socks ! ' fear nothing ' by dean kootz . previously , i read his book by the name of ' lightning ' . i loved ' lightning ' , and i find ' fear nothing ' very interesting ! reading and listening to music . papa roach ' no more secrets ' . pajamas : a blue bad girl shirt , black pants , socks , jacket , striped long sleeved top under shirt , still damn cold ! drinking tea trying to keep myself warm . gonna be going to church in a few minutes . alright , here's mine : * gets ready for some fireworks * - i believe people should have sex only after they have been in a relationship for a year ( this doesn't include before the couple was ... i'm assuming you have a lot of contact with her ? i . e . you see her everyday during the weekday ? i was going to suggest that you try and close yourself off from her , to try and spare you some intense ... things i'm passionate about , and especially the way the world should function . most people don't understand why i get angry about impatient people , materialistic people , people that think they're ... only if i have something to work towards , if i like what i'm working towards , and if i know that i can reach what i'm working towards , otherwise i have a tendency to get depressed and demotivated . i ... i don't mind being alone at any time or stage . but sometimes there are times where i'm all hyper and i need to be around the correct people that can handle my hyperness and then once i'm all burned ... if i know why i'm restless and i can do something about it , then i do something about it , otherwise if i don't know why i'm restless , then i just pace the restlessness out ! :p roud : i pace one hell of a lot : either when i'm just casually daydreaming ( this is when my pacing is at it's most relaxed ) , or if i'm angry ( and that is when my pacing is very fast and agitated ) . it depends on the topic for me ... if i'm ( angrily ) passionate about the topic ... i can go on about it all day , and keep on repeating all the negative things about that topic ... otherwise i'm usually to ... i would say that this world mostly revolves around selfishness , money-orientated people , people that are impatient simply because we have the technology to be so ... with few people thinking past that , ... i would suggest you use the money that you get with your job to progress in the dream job that you want ! : wink : busy browsing on facebook as well as catching up on this site that i haven't been on for awhile ! : happy : september . i'm back ! : happy : busy reading ' maximum ride : the final warning ' by james patterson . i'm also trying to find the name of a novel that i read awhile back , that i think went along the story lines of a ... getting ready for work . don't really feel like it though ...