' bumpity-bump :D 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... excellent point ! you even have a point in your favour where all the assumptions lined up but th final deduction did not , ie the part where he notices john's watch , the back of which is scratched ... aw , that is sweet : happy : loved the cat analogy ! well , that is just wonderful . when you say it like that , it almost seems like john's reaction after sherlock explained to john how he deduced ... well i really enjoyed the presence of my partner and understand him thoroughly , he also made me feel like the best version of myself when i'm around him and i feel that he loves me for who i really ... new question : all you enfps who have read the book the comprehensive enfp survival guide by heidi priebe ... thoughts / impressions ? what resonated with you , and what did you find to be flawed about ... that's what i am trying to do . most entp descriptions make them seem like clever , innovative jerks good at playing with words and emotions . however , tertiary fe when developed and in a healthy way ... well , ai.tran . 75 - i understand it conceptually , but applying it to my own personality is still a bit challenging because i seem to be so full of contradictions that even i don't understand myself at ... going by your definitions , it appears to me like i use ti more , but also fi resonates with me . people have even pointed it out before , i think in one of my threads that there was a good deal of fi ... i don't really have aha moments , i contemplate between enfp - entp and infp for a while and then when my te started becoming more well developed i realize - oh i'm enfp . sent from my iphone ... i've only recently researched personality . it slowly came together for me . it was an entire life review . it was humbling and informative . [ / quote ] i am having those moments too . and i am starting ... what was the aha moment when you realised you were an enfp ? i don't mean looking at the humanmetrics or 16personalities test results and going oh , so that's what my type is , rather a moment when ... hey olonny , thanks for responding . i think i haven't gotten to a click moment yet in this situation . i agree , once i get the click and i am just outta there . i do know he cares for me but not in the ... thoughts on this video ? - fi versus fe hi , here are my answers ! :) * what's more important to you - the journey of learning or exploring about something or the end result i would say that it is the journey of learning , but then for ... he was afraid of mice ? whoa . i did not know that . turbulent huh ? do you happen to know his enneagram type ? i did some awesome work today , where we worked effectively and in a friendly manner ... it is illogical to say that this understanding helps alleviate it a bit , but oddly , it does . your words just so resonated with me , but in my case i have no excuse to cut him off . unless i be a ... if you can develop te to the point you can use it without needing someone to be morally wrong in order to justify it - it's a tremendous gift . while you're breaking it in you might feel like a villain ... i definitely see where you are coming from with the moral messages and the organisation in his movies or how structured the entire business was , i even have a statement to support your thinking , i ... thanks for answering , i think that attitude definitely makes sense , and also makes for a less stressful life , i bet . walt disney wasn't entp ? * gasp ! * that does seem particularly terrifying , ... oh , my type is a whole other thing . i am reconsidering that . or may be i am being stuck in situations where my shadow functions are acting up ( at work ) . it's just that , i have no prior experience of ... the first two are actually areas i am looking to carve a niche for myself in . start my own practice may be . i don't know . but what makes me curious is , how do enfps ever get anything done ? ( cuz of ... that is an interesting way to look at it , for sure but how far is love gonna get you at work when there are things that need to be accomplished , and you are so ridiculously distracted and constantly ... how do entps move on from being rejected by someone they have very deep , genuine romantic feelings for / towards ? do you guys know any strong , competent enfps ( perhaps , in the legal profession ) who have their s * * * together and figured out ? most enfp portrayals seem very ... floopy . i mean no insult to any enfp ... ah , i guess study groups ( online ) could be of much help . also law clinics , or pro-bono centres if your uni has them , if you volunteer with them , you could certainly be using your ne more , or ... it depends on how you define creativity . defense attorneys have to get really creative in their cases , likewise when you are advising a crumbling business on how best to save their business / turn it ... thanks for replying knucklebunny ! good tip , i feel a lot better knowing i am not doing anything wrong . i can never flirt like those damn bold sps . a colleague of mine ( esxp ) was telling me the story ... just wanted to add that the intj did the same thing . dated another woman , even told me about because he wanted to be honest about it . : rolleyes : now some of my friends were divided on the opinion ... new question : are there any entps here that are bad at flirting ? ( that could include not knowing how to flirt ( back ) or not knowing when someone is into you and flirting with you ) p . s . flirting ... don't the tjs stop to consider that they are missing out on the fun while they are doing all their planning ? i mean , i plan too but not the way he used to . heck i only have a blurry picture of where ... thank you for your inputs , steviesinclair . although he is no longer my problem , he is some other girl's problem now seeing as he went on a date with another woman and told me he needed time to ... hi there ! that previous post was definitely me in the glowy first couple of weeks stage of my job , but on some days i just feel numbed by the sheer amount of hand-holding clients need as you walk ... as an intj who recently dated an entp , all of the above from tsubaki is so true . if i care for someone , i get really idealistic and noble-minded and take extra care to be 100 % faithful and not ... am i ready to be peeled and unfurled like that , emotionally and soul-deep ? i don't know . i am confused . probably i am over thinking this , but then again i am not thinking this through enough . so many ... sorry yeah , i meant differences in the way entps and enfps ( ti + fe versus fi + te right ? ) decode people's motives / understand them . i should have been clearer . sorry for lurking ai.tran . 75 on your replies here , but they were worded in such an insightful and uncomplicated way . i have a q for you . what is the difference in the way we ( strong fe + ti users ... hi ! i have a question for you . my intj pal laid out all his cards on the table and said he liked me . he listed a bunch of important considerations , i appreciate the honesty but it also terrified me a ... people like me go a little bit extreme at times . [ / quote ] okay , too tuckered out to create a daring tale of drama and adventure . i will give you the true story . i woke up one day to find my eye ... in what ways do you engage and develop your ne ? the truth isn't nearly as exciting . instead , shall i spin you a tale of adventure and drama ? : wink : this entp infographic provided by them could be said to be true of a lot of fire signs and air signs . i don't get the zodiac correlation here at all . got some trouble in the eye ? [ / quote ] eye can't see very well ( geddit ? :D ) sounds quite eventful . congrats on your enrolment ! about the foot though , tough luck . i had something of excitement in my day , ending in me wearing a pirate like patch on the right eye . just a random thought . everything's well until i start gambling to make a living from it . [ / quote ] i am baaack ! p . s . can a ... too much curiosity either leads to worthy discoveries , or shocking realities . [ / quote ] well then ... i am curious to see if it leads to the former or latter . i think i will take that chance . how ... what do you consider to be your strong suite ? [ / quote ] i think i have pretty strong writing skills . why do you give off an estp vibe ? i am curious . bad day at work ? what's your occupation ? [ / quote ] i won't say bad , but it was really busy and some times we don't always like what we ( have to ) do . i am a lawyer , what's your occupation ? i believe i am good at my responses . na , didn't have the audacity to pick a beverage today . just enjoying the ambience . [ / quote ] maybe i was covering up for that bad convo starter lol . honestly ... '