' the main thing i'd recommend is to make sure you're doing something you like . i could never go lift weights because i think it's extremely boring and the entire time i'm doing it i'm in my head ... anytime i'm doing anything repetitive at work i always enter some other land it seems , either looking into the future , past , or just thinking about some silly random things . like making up funny ... * stares into ningsta kitty's eyes as she curiously , skeptically looks back ; i pull out and unwrap a banana without breaking eye contact , then proceed to eat the whole thing in one bite . the banana is ... i'd totally do that with a friend i also believe is an enfj . she's amazing and i love to do things i know she'll appreciate , especially because she's one of my friends i know truly appreciates cheesy ... i find that if my ni-ti agree then they make the bad feelings from an unsatisfied fe seem justified , and with more practice , i'm more sure of my choices . i don't like disagreements or making others ... soaking up life , at least trying . it's in philosophies a lot when talking about the human condition , which is suffering . it's an evolutionary trait . as a species we wouldn't be where we are if it weren't for that longing for ... no worries . i just wish i knew more german . mein deutsch ist nicht so gut , which makes friendships difficult when they don't speak much english . at least most people do though . friendships can be ... so i've been living in hamburg the past 3 months , and i plan to live here another year or so . any advice ? ? infjs seem to fit in with the society in many ways . it's quite nice walking down the ... cried last night , and just a bit in general since last thursday when i found out one of my close friends drowned in a tragic boating accident on thursday while she was traveling in vietnam . she was ... just paid $ 2.89 here's my take on it . ni with science stuff : nearly everything in theory and reality for physics and such can be brought back to a couple simple laws of the universe . after learning about a new ... then after i broke up with her she started crying . waaay too emotional for me brah . glad i got rid of her before it was too late . you want to head to the bars tonight and get laid ? went through something very similar to this a couple years ago . i got so lost in my thoughts that i was basically a robot living out each day for the greater good i saw in my future . turns out i had ... and p . s . all you youngsters on here , don't consider smoking until you're older and wiser . growing up is confusing enough without added layers of drugs . try college . there have been plenty of experiences in my life where my emotions and feeling people around me have skewed my perspective , and getting high is almost like a third person perspective on some events ... 1 . growing or now are you mostly friends with girls ? more guys than girls , but overall pretty even mix . i've gotten closest with girls though , whereas i've been most comfortable around guys . 2 ... great post ! i can relate a lot a lot . in my last relationship at least , i go in waves . sometimes i'll rely a ton on ti and shrug life off , but there would be times that i would break down crying ... i'm sorry to hear that , are you okay ? * she says some stuff * well i hope you feel better probably wouldn't play out that way exactly , but seems like she just wanted a tiny bit of ... i hate big surprise parties or anything like that in which i'm expected to do or act some way , but i love finding notes and getting randomly picked up by friends for a fun evening . and what about ...  ... i'd make sure the person experienced as much life as they could handle , pushing them to go further and deeper than they ever thought possible , making sure they felt like they were living life to the ... but we somehow get out of bed day after day knowing that , if only for brief glimpses , all of our effort and care and struggles create perfect moments that we're able to save others , and in doing so , ... 21 years plus a couple months for me b negative assuming infjs just randomly occur i don't think you'll find much blood type / personality type consistencies . i feel like someone would have seen something already . that'd be a great ... good advice vel , thanks . i'm just dealing with the ending of a relationship in which we're both infjs and possibly failed to see reality in many parts of the relationship . on one hand i keep ... do you ever feel like you're a fake , illusory version your ideal self ? some stuff has recently happened in my life that has got me in a pretty reflective , depressed mood , and i can't help but feel ... i'm mostly of the belief that there is no god , but that doesn't mean the world is meaningless . i've more or less settled upon the belief that the sum of life on earth equals god , and can be something ... guilty , but not too much . i've never seriously dated an s so i can't say about that part . i don't remember making my friends that i had all through elementary through high school , seems like we just always were . and it's awesome . as for the one's in between , it was easy to make friends ... i'm fairly sure i'm 7w8 , though i relate to all of them now and again . when i'm feeling healthy and life me though , i relate best to 7w8 . any other infj 7s ? not quite exactly the 7 descriptions i've ... definitely happens to me . happens even after i've started talking to the person . i'll think of all the crazy experiences we'll have , traveling together , what our lives could be like , everything . but ... well , this is my go at us in terms of myself and other infjs i know : infjs are a constant flow of emotion stemming from somewhere slightly out of reach . in social situations the atmosphere greatly ... first ' real ' relationship at 16 , lasted 3 months . two months later met another girl who i had a strong connection with . lasted 10 months , ended because she was going to college . dated off and ... haven't been 21 for too long . pretty fun age though . i'd spend one day tripping , one day alone outside in nature , one day talking to strangers , then the remaining 4 days with people i love doing things that are fun . i'd eat good food the entire time , ... i'd say just time . i can have good hunches as to whether i can trust a person , but honestly only time can do it . time for me to know they aren't who i know they aren't , rather than just believing it ... i love walks too . lately walks seem to be just as good at clearing my head , plus it's finally getting warm here and the sun beating down on a 60 degree f day feels amazing . i can get lost in the ... anyone else out there meditate , and how do you think being an infj affects that ? for me at least , as soon as the world stops i can become very grounded with my reality yet it almost feels like i'm ... i am the guy who searches the dark parts of my soul to understand your pain better i am the guy who will make your night better when you are down on yourself i am the guy who will probably nicely ... well , i'd say they all really describe me for the most part , other than organized . i can be , but rarely am . i'll have my days though . sounds like fairly typical infj traits thoughts in my head : is this conversation over ? i think they're running out of steam ... oh small break in speech ... will it last long enough to start being awkward and therefore i can end it ... ? ... have to remember that chances are if you and so many others feel this way , think of how many girls out there are saying nearly the same thing ? everyone looking for a meaningful relationship is really ... mom : esfj dad : istp i'm imagining what i'll be doing later this evening , but that's boring . i'm imagining bombing a hill on my skis . empty ski run , steep , smooth , i have long skis with sharp edges , i have a friend to ... seems like i like almost anything that i can feel the flow of . main stuff right now includes climbing , biking , skiing , long boarding , but i also enjoy playing random games of not serious ... arrested development south park colbert show top gear the i . t . crowd no reservations i don't seem to watch too much tv anymore though . no cable . hooray for internet tv ! i guess i'd view it more of a memory tree . there's some things , like an image of a cat , that are so ingrained in my infancy , childhood , education , etc . , that it is simply a ' well used ' thought , so it ... my favorite is the simple notepad program with no strings attached . typing lets the ideas flow much faster and real time , plus the rawness of it makes it still feel handwritten more than using word ... sometimes i'll be walking and i'll open my eyes a little wider than they have been in a while , and suddenly i'll get this strong emotion of complete acceptance towards the world and myself and i see ... '