' yes it is possible to find work you enjoy but accept that like finding a good partner it may take lots of time and trial and error . i think because infps are idealistic it is harder for us ... i'd ... to all posters - check out the following books the joy of work by scott adams , what color is your parachute by richard nolles ( ? ) and finf the job you love by nicholas williams , somehwere betweeen ... check out the first part of the zeitgeist movie online ... essentially you can be religious / spiritual without being stupid - most religions are just control ideas to keep the masses in line - the ... scumbaggian - i am sure i have read this word somewhere posted via mobile device thumbs up for the beach boys posted via mobile device in no real order ... baba o'reilly - the who atmosphere - joy division hello its me - nazz i feel love - donna summer angel rat - voivod posted via mobile device which is precisely why we are generally gentle ... we realise we can be very very bad posted via mobile device best films i've seen recently - let the right one in , the last man on earth ( the first filming of i am legend ) - both unique takes on the vampire myth the latter is a bit creepy and the closest ... my answers in order ... yes but an infp would be careful sending out a signal as that is an act unlikely as infps are painfully aware of themselves yes but will try to deny it show interest by ... good post - personally i do not see why people stay in the same job for more than 5 years ... its almost like surrendering to conformity and lacks , that important thing , idealism posted via mobile ... as an infp i would say that hr is the last place you want to be ! check out dilbert cartoon strip as its quite accurate posted via mobile device wow this is a long thread ! mine is taken from the lyrics of a little known jim steinman song - braver than we are - say a prayer for those alone , say a prayer for those apart , all the golden boys ... sounds similar to me - i hate it when put under the spotlight and i get tongue-tied posted via mobile device if you believe the stats no ixxx type is a majority ... exxx account for something like 65 % . infps are as rare as magic butterflies posted via mobile device how you relate to your co-workers is often more important than the actual work itself posted via mobile device sam lowry in brazil - despite ' torture ' holds onto the only thing left important to him ... his dreams chris mccandless - real life character of into the wild film ... i liked the way he gave up on ... i'll chip into this thread . sex is good ... even casual sex . its a bit more meaningful with someone you care about and vice versa posted via mobile device to the op - try to have the best of both worlds a small place near a city . small towns suck to be frank ( lack of amenities ) ... being close enables the options of both lifestyles posted via mobile ... i mainly agree - being a ' soft ' or ' indecisive ' man just annoys the hell out of women . they don't want to make decisions or think too much to be honest . infp men have to find their inner strength ... my dark vision is to just let earth have no humans - it would get along just fine realistically i think i just want more self control so that the pressures of life do not overwhelm me i think ... for me its simple ... the alternative to life is death , ... nothingness so life is always the best option . others i think are - let it be ... and this will pass . i highly recommend that people ... very good point - i may be borderline intp posted via mobile device spoilers regarding the totem - i thought leo's character had the spinning top ... maybe thats the point of the story - he does not have as totem its his wife's so he has no or little concept of ... i think an enfp would be nice ... maybe an infj - i think too much similarity can be bad posted via mobile device to all posters - isn't there a book which suggests best places to live for each mbti type ? i think burma comes out high for infps posted via mobile device oh my theory why infps can be seen as unemotional is that we have very strong emotions and know that if we let them out we can look stupid , feel embarassed and the other people will not understand . ... to the op - i view a lot of public displays of emotion or rather over-emotion as just bullshit ... typically dished out by ' cool ' teenagers . it's just attention seeking to make up for their small ... i must be quite weird as at times i prefer simple mundane tasks ... you can think and daydream a lot while still being able to do your job ! i must find that scott adams quote about doing mundane ... my biggest epiphany was that people are far more self absorbed than you think ... they are all wrapped up in their bubbles - a lot of an infps fears socially are really unfounded as other people simply ... to the op - do not let fears get the better of you - city life can be very good . as other people have pointed out generally there is far more to do , far more things of interest . the biggest problem ... guys - i think the important thing is to know the difference from being alone and loneliness . i like being alone a lot ... to think things through and just do stuff * i * want to do rather than feel ... i'm originally from england so this suggestion will no doubt be very obscure - - - i think the character of reggie perrin in the comedy series the fall and rise of reginald perrin could be an ... hi people regarding work for infps - it maybe wise to check out the book find the work you love by nicholas williams - good practical advice ... portfolio jobs posted via mobile device the world tends to be harsh to idealists , throw in introversion and its a recipe for bottling things up and being frustrated , angry , cynical and resentful ... i know becuase most of the time i am that ... you asked her out before and she said no so i think you need to let her go as a girlfriend and enjoy having her as a friend . i know it can be tough ... for myself i am seeing a lovely girl and have ... no one is holding a gun to your head to do those things - think about . also if life is much harder for women ... why do they live longer ? want to know the definition of early retirement for women - ... sounds similar to my job - enjoy your last week there . i found that i just absorb the atmosphere of places and people so if its stressed and i'm not i will still be getting stressed . calm ... work for infp can be a problem when you have to deal with irritating know it all type colleagues ... my current situation is the actual work is okay but the co-workers are petty critics - i've almost ... to the op - much as i think infps are great and all that - do not restrict yourself to finding just them , the other types can be good fun i would suggest you find out if there is a local book club ... 100 % agree that sometimes you do need external help ... i'm overly convinced on psychologists though . go the counsellor route first - just talking about how you feel is a great release speaking from ... last year after going through many problems i went to see a counsellor and after describing some suicidal thoughts was strongly urged to see a doctor and a psychologist ... and was diagnosed with ... i used to feel inferior but now i realise that a lot of extraverts are very insecure .. some have problems if they are not in a big enough group - i feel sorry for them . it seems to me to be easier to ... fire - i dont think you can have feelings without it ... it would be utterly cold without it posted via mobile device being prepared to walk away from problem girls is an essential thing to learn . probably very hard for infps as we seem very tolerant of others quirks posted via mobile device finding a good manager is hard - i really recommend everyone checks out dilbert creator scott adams books - in one he breaks down the types of boss / manager - very funny because its so ... i dont know if this has been posted - calm down ! posted via mobile device i cant be bothered to snip the relevant parts - but this just emphasises the difference between intps and infps ... if you really cannot understand why someone would want to be considered beautiful ... hey guys ... my advice use what you can and what fits your circumstances . my background is that i was born and raised in england and moved to switzerland just over 2 years ago semi-voluntarily ( too ... i will add a lengthy reply to this thread just spotted and due to leave work ... posted via mobile device jeanette garofolo or taylor swift ... maybe both i'm not fussy ! '