' well , can you give us some examples ? i feel that most things in life come from practice . practice thinking about how amazing what you have or what you do or who you are . the reverse also holds true , if you practice negative or ... i work long hours so that i can afford to pay someone to look after the things that i don't have time for because i work such long hours . - chaseut i live because i do not like the alternative . bullying is a serious matter in the workplace . get help , ask your hr department for advice . understand that the bully is solely responsible for their actions . you've done nothing to provoke this ... a museum , a hammock in a shaded glen , a cliff to dive into a crystal clear pool , a wooded lake for canoeing , and of course bbq ! ahhh ... maybe that's just me . set a goal and pursue it with ruthless abandon . even if you don't achieve what you originally set out , the lessons you learn and the things you will accomplish will get you farther ahead then if ... i have a tendency to take charge . though i am quite assertive , i am not necessarily an aggressive personality and they are different ( thus the paradigm passive aggressive ) . my approach is more ... boromir ( lotr ) i know the way the novel portrays him , but i was always sympathetic to the character . he had the desperate burden of trying to defend his world in a slowly losing war . when i saw ... live and enjoy life . c'mon now . you guys , along with male infj's do not exist . we are pigments of happy's imagination . : crazy : relatively recently , studies have demonized excessive tv watching at an early age , from 0-3 years as one major contributing factor . do you guys know if you watched a great deal of tv when young ? the things that we are gravitated to do , are also the things we are trying to escape from . some of us would never reveal openly ( by acting or mentioning ) that we are of a certain personality type . i've always marvelled at how little correlation there is between age and maturity ( depending on how you define maturity of course ) . but understand there is no substitute for experience and that ... hi , the messy j's i am referring to are actually sj's . go figure ! as much as it is a hollywood movie phenom , i love seeing acts of heroism . not the kind meant to display some act of strength or cool factor , but rather a pure act of selfless courage . i've been thinking alot lately about people who tend to keep their lives and environments neat and organized and if the functions j and p have anything to do with it . let me preface the question . ... i retract what i just wrote . ... and you have 3 daughters ? frankly rune , you should be teaching us what it is to be a man . hi rune , great post . very honest , takes alot of guts to open up like that . guts that i myself don't have . i have looked over your website and the list of impressive accomplishments . you are a ... if this is a school situation , consult your teacher / counselor / principal . if this is a work situation , address the issue with your manager or hr . you do not have to endure this on your own , ... when everyone is happy . i can vouch for this . i am a 3w4 , and i do identify with it . dad man ! protector of the neglected , abandoned , and unwanted ! ! ! ( my cape would double up as a diaper change mat ) i couldn't imagine my life without children . it's hard hard work . but i have reached a depth of feeling i did not think possible . my experience anyways . give what you can . don't feel pressured to give anymore than that . question alice ... anything else going on that might be driving this topic ? i have to admit , i'm rather bland intellectually . ps you spelt uninteligent wrong . when i was a kid , all i had was a stick and a ball . you said you txt'd her this info ? : blushed : ( opens arms wide open ) i love you you love me we're a happy family with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you . won't you say you love me too i don't think she knows the barney i love you song . maybe someone could dig up the youtube link ? i love you you love me we're a happy family with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you . won't you say you love me too trust me on the sunscreen . oh man , well i would just have to meet up with zalithian so i can buy him a shot of scotch . maybe i can introduce him to some very attractive xstj , professional women ! this is a great thread , i hope that the more senior members of this forum contribute ! are you a marine myjazz ? there is an infj meetup group in toronto . google infj meetup toronto for more info . seems to me at least that we might have differing streams of infj's . those who seek to guide others , help through addressing the person directly . those who are more activist bent , protecting ... protector or poo disturber , really depends on who you ask . i don't relate to mystic , but i don't discount it . what's your name ? just call me chase . actually everyone calls me chasenuts . maybe i should change my username ... where are you from ? toronto , canada how old are you ? i inflict my venting and judgment on you poor forum folk . outside of that , i don't reveal a thing . i don't usually encounter people who baldface lie these days , unless i'm attending a conference where the executive are presenting (: laughing :) . it's much harder as it is moreso an omission of truth ... years of working in a large corporate environment is getting me there . i've seen , heard , and experienced things that you cannot believe . either i find a way to coup with it , or jaded , broken , ... wouldn't it be cool to close this thread or let it die ? sorry , i've been on a really high and mighty opinionated streak lately . i would have to agree . the esfj i know would not appreciate being treated that way . we intuitives do not have the market cornered on reading people . many st's are extraordinarily observant ... i think i could beat my ceo out on a mathematics test ... you make us sound very snobby ? pretending to be interested in something you are not , using the term menial ? i don't know , sounds disingenuous ? have i misunderstood you ? a very good friend of mine is an esfj and he has a heart of pure gold and i trust him implicitly . i personally would gravitate toward them if i could find another one , but i would surmise many of ... i really think that the only way to know is to talk to one , particularly if they are very introverted + shy . '