' ya know ... this is my exact issue . i am interested in about 10 things and my interest spikes and wanes and i never dedicate enough time in one thing to make a career out of it . i feel like there will ... entp . a massive amount of comics / sketch actors are . enfp . the kanye west of footie . my intj woman picked the place , type of chocolates , and the date to celebrate valentine's day before i even realized it was february . :p roud : i think p's are right brained so this is interesting . i definitely do this constantly . sometimes , i even get a stiff neck because i do it so much and rely on sleeping on one side so much . 58443 sorry , bros ... i'm sideways . and topless ? love reading , but i can't manage to get fully into the story when i am on the train and there are other noises . people are so obnoxiously loud with their conversations . i'm thinking maybe i should ... come oooon you spurs oh when the spursss go marching in ... at my job ( where there are retail and corporate jobs ) , we don't accept walk-in resumes anymore . only online stuff . my favorite shows are lost , game of thrones , and breaking bad . i also like shows that deal with animals and egypt whenever they come on . game of thrones particularly has my heavy interest at the ... my supervisor at work today got pissed at me for the first time after working under her for 4 months . for reference , i hadn't even done anything wrong . the odd thing is that i legitimately think ... yea , it's hard to know if that would be an ideal existence . it's just what i would view as utopian in my current state . i suppose the machines could come up with creativity once they are above the ... this is the toughest of questions and issues in my life ... i think the singularity is our best hope .. when robots make decisions and figure out a way to produce mass foods freely and we are free to ... i now watch soccer and go to organic places to drink juice meals . the me of three years ago would be very confused by this behavior . i've got lennon as intp and cobain as xntp . but , it's tough to really know . i predict they can figure this stuff out within 5-10 years definitively . out of curiosity , what got you hooked on it in the first place ? and 2 . why are you so mad ? i'm on a quest for happiness mostly and the things that will likely bring that to me . for me , those current ideals are having a few children , getting my goal job , and not having to dread my plans ... this is interesting . i am also in an intj / infp relationship , and it's almost the opposite in terms of who spends money on the newer things . sometimes we can have revelations if a topic is brought ... i think i'm good because i am able to read and feel the moment and things can change ... gotta sense when to go to the passionate route and when to grab some hair . : shocked : hard to tell if i'm ... saw a few others mention it and i have to agree . seeing really bad acting is so much more obvious when you are stoned . it's crazy that you don't really notice it as much otherwise . also , 99 % of ... i haven't seen anyone mention yet that there are different strands that can have drastically different effects on you . sounds like some of ya'll have had some sativa-heavy weed . i don't know if that ... she just said on her twitter that she's an infp . win ! the i seems very obvious . very intelligent and analytical ... has to be an n . f vs . t ... this is the biggest question for me . seemed to have a lot of compassion for fellow introverts and even ... saw a few documentaries on food via netflix and was inspired to change my diet . fast forward a few months and i have lost 15 pounds by basically cutting out soda and drastically lowering my red meat ... ya'll should smoke weed instead ... much healthier . i have no desire to do smoke cigarettes . the 60 year old versions of yourselves are going to be so pissed at ya'll .. haha ;) . i have read up and watched a lot on tzm and the venus project and people are generally in agreement that it would take a collapse to actually gain some traction for the movement . but , what if a few ... this whole lethal injection case has me thinking ... i do hope there's some sort of judgment after life . and i hope that the decider doesn't take oh i pulled the trigger or injected the syringe ... i'm definitely on the same page as you when it comes to competitiveness , even in video games . i used to play halo or call of duty after drinking at parties and would sometimes play until daylight ... ah , great question . with the help of the infp map , i have figured out that the average infp location is in the atlantic ocean ... hope everyone has a boat . it's very unclear what they are even protesting , so i don't think so . a good cause , though , and i might be joining in . i understand that people have to make their living , but i don't know how people live with themselves as meter maids ( you know , the people that dish out tickets when you are parked in a spot for too ... i'm very frugal . can save money very well when i am making it . can't even remember the last thing i've bought for pleasure besides food . i was part of the cool group since i played football ( american ) and baseball in high school , but who really cares now ? i have no lasting relationships from that era and don't really look fondly back ... ... you may say i'm a dreamer ... but , i'm not the only one ! ! ! hmmm , i think a certain kind of tattoo can be a turn-on temporarily , but i probably wouldn't consider that person to be date-able . ... i'm just like the op . terrible instincts and even memory when it comes to directions . when i am getting out of the nyc subways , i have to pick a direction to start walking and then gauge from there , ... those vancouver riots looked wild . looting , fighting , the works . lad is better equipped to assess the situation , but it really looked like a thin police force / riot squad that was too scared to do ... capitalism itself is a nice concept . the problem is that we are working for a currency that is being devalued by a corrupt entity in the federal reserve . our $ doesn't go as far as it could . we are ... not for nothing , and i'm not trying to be argumentative at all , but isn't that what is going on now ? the amount of people that have a say in how our resources are used is a pretty small group overall . agree with you all the way . i think our society is just a hidden slavery system to be honest . if you want to just live in a house you built and eat the food you've grown , you still have to pay taxes ... interview with multiple people firing hard questions off of me for 2 hours = i want to curl up into a ball and chill for a few days , maybe months . infp dirk nowitzki just won the nba title and nba finals mvp ! thought it was real cool that he had to basically run back into the locker room before anyone ( reporters , even teammates ) could get to ... and do you guys call each other by your perc usernames ? : wink : would be glorious until we had kids of a different type , but they'd have the upbringing of many peaceful voices . interesting thought and one i've had many times . people might say that it'd be boring ... no , no , no . no apologizing . i just realized i screwed up the names anyway . thought sirius was severus . total n00b i am . :) totally just got the potter ending spoiled . : tongue : guess it's my fault , since the book has been out for a while now . central park is really cool . the contrast between the park and the city right outside it is astounding . i also like to people watch in some of the other smaller , concrete parks in the city . such a ... hypotrichosis is the only word i have nailed in about 20 minutes of watching the spelling bee . i rarely care about organization , but i absolutely need shorts / pants with pockets 100 % of the time . keys in the right pocket . phone in the left pocket . wallet in back right pocket and no variance of ... i'll try to match one of the emoticons . it's just what i thought of when seeing the thread . : shocked : = ? damn , i think my head is crooked . '