' dhani jones ? i don't know if anyone here has ever seen his show on travel channel ? it was cancelled after two seasons , but it was a good show . if you've seen it , what do you think ? enfp ? he's ... don't know this amy lady , but i have watched ghost adventures . i think that zak definitely seems like an extrovert , but he seems much too silly and expressive in general to be an intj . he seems more ... i don't know if anyone here has ever seen his show on travel channel ? it was cancelled after two seasons , but it was a good show . if you've seen it , what do you think ? enfp ? he's definitely ... the e is a given , the t as well if you've seen him in interviews . he doesn't come across as emotional in any way . he always has been very into himself being seen and considered by others as a very ... funny show reminiscent of the fresh prince , who was a well known enfp . both king boomer and brady could be either esfps or enfps , thoughts ? this thought came to me as i was at work and some guy that plays pro bball overseas was testing his vertical jump . he stepped out of the room so i tried to jump upon the same platform to just see if ... well being a personal trainer it seems more natural to pursue something in the healthcare field , and most of those programs are two years , but what would the best choice for an enfp ? my wife is an rn ... ok so here is what i've come down to . i love how with being a personal trainer i'm independent , constantly busy , and goal focused , so it fits me well . other careers i've considered that would provide ... i don't like corporate because i don't like having someone look over my shoulder always and being stuck in the same spot for too long . i liked delivery jobs in the past where i was driving to ... right now i work as a personal trainer , but with the city i live in ( cleveland ) , plus the fact that i have two children to support , i'm beginning to see that this field is not sufficient to provide ... what about thor , wolverine ? i'm a huge comic fan and i was curious . i just got done watching the movie thor , my favorite , and he came across as an esfp to me . i've read the superman is enfj . what are your thoughts on them as ... i've watched interviews with them , seen most of their movies , and i seen them both listed as istp ? i can see the introvert with pitt , and he doesn't seem to have a clear and sharp vocab during ... how do i find my specific enneagram type out ? are enfps naturally more codependent than other types ? i feel as if there are certain people such as friends in particular that i always desire to be around . i feel as if only these people in a sense ... whenever people meet me for the first time , they way in which they later describe their first impressions of me is often istp / estpish . it's not like that with everyone , but mainly when i'm around ... for example , i've seen jerry seinfeld as intj alot , but i've also seen him as enfp quite a bit too . same with hugh jackman , robert downey jr , tom wilkinson etc . are there any commonalities these two ... i disagree about hugh being intj . i've seen him in many interviews , talk shows etc , and he was very outgoing , extremely almost , not introverted , very touchy feely and affectionate , and you can tell ... vin diesel seems very nf to me the best way to tell someone's type is by watching them in a live interview of some type , not by their movies or shows . i think conan o'brien is enfp , as is hugh jackman , as is jason statham from ... would you say that conan o'brien or zak bagans from the insanely popular travel channel show ghost adventures are enfp ? both seem to fit the profile he was cheated on by his wife , both of them are white , of four years with a overweight guy from the ghetto , and they lived in a nice , middle class community far away from any place like that . it was ... yeah , what i do now is great for me individually but just doesn't pay out enough , plus i hate the superficiality that's thick with it . what you are describing sounds alot like more urban area ... being a father , working part time odd hours as a personal trainer while trying to pay a mortgage and raise two kids is tough , especially when your wife is an rn but works full time 12 hour night ... but what about paralegals or physical therapy assistants ? right now i'm a personal trainer . i like what i do but i'm a father and husband and this job just isn't cutting it . i pursued this field to it's fullest in trying to start my own business , which ... does jason segel's character seem more like an enfp or entp ? he seems more entp bc he says alot of offensive , crude things whereas paul rudd's character seems to be more of the guilty type so i'm ... thanks for your advice , and yes , i have tried that for the past three years . bottom line , it's just not a stable career and income if you're a father and you own a house etc . plus , sine i'm turning ... in my job experience i've come to realize that i need to feel like whatever it is i do is truly helping other people . however , being a father and husband , i feel the need to be more of a j than a p , ... now i know that we are a very versatile type , but are there any jobs that just clash with us too much ? i'd like to think i could discipline myself to do anything , but i know i have limits of course , ... gerard butler , jason statham , hugh jackman , will smith , tom hardy , or the late great heath ledger ? hello . i just recently got a new part time job to supplement my other part time job . both jobs are in personal training . the new job has me teaching boxing as well as pt'ing . however , the owner who ... i actually think vin diesel is . in a recent interview he was talking about how he really likes to paint , how his constant dreaming got him to where he is , and in real life he's much more of a hugger ... i've looked into it and it's way too long of a waiting list , i'm talking like over 3 years , i checked . i'd rather do the training anyways bc im more supportive of preventitive training than i am of ... born and rasied eastside , live on westside if not enfp , any intjs at least ? i just wish there were a jobsite with a job search based on your personality type . that would make everything easier . i once had a job where i would drive around cleveland , oh ( my city ) and set up ... are enfps destined to never be satisfied and stay with one job for too long ? my best friend is an intj and he always says that i'm very inconsistent because i'm very emotionally impulsive . i admire ... i just don't like the idea of selling something that i'm don't really believe in . i'm interested in being a pastor because i'm a very good public speaker , but i have a nack for entertaining . i've ... i'm a struggling personal trainer that is in a dead end job in a dead end industry . there aren't any better pt jobs around me , plus i need to earn more because i'm a father of two . my wife , an isfj , ... anybody else here from cleveland , oh ? it's tough to live here because our type seems non existant here . plus it's just a tough and overtly run down , blue collar place to live just curious to know why what is it about us that makes us procrastinate so much ? that's the one thing i hate about myself , that i will start so many different things and never see them through to ... hi , i've always considered myself very adaptable to other personalities , but this is tough for me . i'm a minister at my church , and the head minister there is my friend but he is very much an intj ... he's the host of the syfy channel show desitnation truth . he definately strikes me as one , anyone else ? so , it seems that many of us have gone or are going from job to job . i'm a father of two small children and having a career is very important to me , but it has to be something i feel passionate about ... agreed , but you name same characters then definately agree to brad pitt in fight club , probably in much of his other movies too now that i think of it , maybe he is an enfp don't get me wrong , i love being an enfp and i will be one til i die . however , i have so many t friends and people i work with and they seem just so distant and together that they look at me and ... will smith seems to b enfp in every role to me , along with owen wilson . i think heath ledger in a knights tale too , and possibly jack black in school of rock ? thank you all for your time and care in your responses . funny thing about me is that most enfp's are supposedly afraid of confrontation , i am not . i don't know if you all are familiar with the disc ... '