' whew . i almost lost ( more ) faith in humanity . i will take this heavily into consideration . thank you . just from the responses on this thread , entjs are generally more open with their arrogance . there's such thing as functional confidence . impractical arrogance is useless , and impractical modesty ... ha ! great counterexample you are . you were injured and need to go back ? are you doing occ , plc , or some other program ? indeed . i don't usually take nf's the militia type . nf's can change the world , and are better changing the world through other means . i think , particularly with the infj's , there's an inherent , ... i do have a direction in life . and with regards to your analyses of functions , i agree . i seek structure , and in the meantime , imparting my own structure onto the structure . however , i only want ... hello you two . i didn't say entjs weren't good at research . please read again . ( was giving type-based answer on generally the strengths of the type as they align with real world processes ... woah you know a lot / in depth . that was some insightful advice and information . yeah i heard the army has better resources and funding / financial advancement is better , but marines has higher ... i'm a chemical engineering undergraduate at uc san diego , and after working various fields , engineering industry included , i've realized that the civilian life can be pretty boring . there's this ... woah . major oversight . you know what's occurred to me , though ? i've actually never directly asked whether she was straight . i just kind of presumed . for now this thread can die . but should i get a ... lol the wiki link . there is also the option of waiting until i'm 27 before doing anything , since it would then be more age appropriate ( 27 and 34 isn't as wide of a gap as it is now ) . of course ... by being honest , do you mean telling her i like her but i'm okay with whatever ? because simply even just telling her would turn our relationship probably for the worse if she's not interested . what ... let it be known that should the occasion arise , i am quoting you . : cool : projection definitely summarizes me well . thus , i enter this board to inquire on how others may see the situation . because obviously , how i see the situation is limited to my own approach toward ... to answer your questions , yes , yes , and yes . but if you want to know the context , careful , this is a long story . feel free to not read and skim : underlined are ultimatums . bolded are the ... intjs are excellent at research . entjs are excellent at getting it known , making it famous , and getting people to like it . honestly , intjs and entjs make an excellent partnership . intjs are ... ... your ( academically smarter ) suite mates tell you , let's start a company ! it'd be great working under you . i try to tell them i know less on the field then they do . but they insist ... i suppose you could consider my more wholesome relationship to have been like a very deep friendship . a very deep friendship that involves benefits ? lol . i can barely distinguish between deep ... i feel this is brilliant . : cool : first thing that comes to mind ? a quote from her , i'm not a picky eater . i'll try almost anything once . even if i don't really prefer to eat it , i'll eat it if ... ( before you read my post , thanks for your response :) i also wanted to let it be known that i'm not arguing . i'm simply presenting my current take , which is flexible and adjustable to whatever you or ... yup . this is why i can't really take the ask her approach , because we have a pretty amazing friendship otherwise and i wouldn't want to ruin it unless i was sure it's what she may want / be okay ... don't worry about it – no need to deliberate helping . general communication always makes me happy . maybe you didn't help with this particular obscure situation . but you helped make my day better ... it's sort of an exceptions case . so while someone may be generally straight , he / she may find a certain someone an exception . for example , in the wholesome relationship case , even while she was ... passenger side almost all the time with her . really does freak me out ! ha . and that's kind of what i'd been noticing too , that she's partway there , physically . but i feel like then it would ... same page you mean want the same things out of life ? we're both pretty unanchored people – she's expressly said she doesn't want to get married anytime soon , and i expressed that i shared the ... i can give context and overview of how the relationships went , if that's what you're asking for ? is this inquiry into advice toward a personal situation of yours or out of pure curiosity ? one of ... love giving them x96 but in the female context . in fact , i think i get more pleasuring another female than the other way around . i suppose it's all very odd theoretically speaking for the entj ... hello ! maybe some might remember me , maybe not . but i posted here about a year or so ago about how much i loved this istj . and still do . problem is , i'm lesbian , she's straight , and i'm ... i don't have advice but merely acknowledgement that i've incurred the exact consequences you've listed . misery is divided when shared ? i don't know but just thought i should post the ... exactly with me . i am female , i understand . but alcohol , cigarettes and notebooks > clothes i almost always make an excellent first impression . in fact , people who have learned to hate me will generally remark , when someone's meeting me for the first time , she's good at first ... lol that is so me . i blame it on being an extravert , but i am sure that is an overgeneralization . basically , if i'm up to something , everyone will know about it . just the process of cycling out my ... ... you're being incomprehensibly vague quality to not confine themselves to single ' greatest ' qualities ... oh the contradictions to my statement . but she was like a total commander . and like , self-sufficient and shit . i typed one of my dogs entj once . . . she laughed at me while i told her i was going to give her a d ! no . i was smiling . why were you smiling ? it's just a ' professionalism ' habit . ... years of bsing , kissing up to people , ... good at conceptual math , average at computational math . what's 27 * 16 ? honestly , why would i care . i haven't exercised the computation area of my brain much , in addition to my mental ego deeming it ... agree with all of the above . some may poke fun at the concept , it's not you , it's me , but i see it as a highly versatile and efficient form of rejection . from experience , my friends don't hold my preferences to any deciding level of judgment . • i listen to dub-step , electronica , and anything along the lines of glitch . ---> suite-mates walk in , ... hahahah ! i love barney and himym ( although mostly just barney . i find ted annoying as fuck . ) ... disappointed in myself for not picking up this reference . thanks for the share ; will be used frequently ... insightful correction . the ridiculousness of some of our assertions ... girlfriend to group of boys : “ boys . rule of thumb . if the girl is ridiculously hot , there ’ s a 75 % chance she ’ s lesbian . ” me : “ there ’ s a positive ... chemical engineering and pre-law student ... have tested entj / entp 50/50 . personally , i think i'm naturally entp ... but years of structured education and admissions systems have made me generally ... i see . i do all of each , so that's probably why i find raves fitting . reasonably , you would not , and likewise , you wouldn't want someone who wasn't similar to you in their preference of drugs and ... my first girlfriend was from a rave . :) we only split for practical reasons , but we're still incredibly good together , emotionally and physically . she's nt , too . i feel most nt , particularly ent's ... oh i get what you mean . it probably also has to do with their prevalence on the internet ... naturally , more asexual woman will be expressing themselves on the net . woahhh ... not the case with me and my friends . see my post , right above this one . in short , i was ignorant , then aware . i've gone from perceiving myself as asexual , aromantic to homosexual , gender-blind . the long story : when i was younger , say middle to junior high , i was ... as i said , they were flings . we still keep in touch , but i am far too busy to form relationships with people currently , so yes , i am uninterested in whether they wanted this to be serious or not . ... '