' could say like 75-80 % by choice , but i'd still be interacting with people in some form during that time if i had a car the number might drop to ~ 60 % and i'd be out but not full-on interacting with ... possibly a lot . the lyrics can determine whether i really like a song or not . i listen to a lot of electronic / upbeat stuff and like that just fine even if there aren't lyrics / if the lyrics don't mean anything ... muh shoulder when i was carrying her a mix of myself and i have no fucking clue , with some for the people i love in there i don't have any entp siblings of the opposite gender , but i do have an intp brother who is 3 years younger than me ( i'm an entp female ) as the older sibling i find that i can get away with more ... well said i'm usually attracted to high ne . ne with fi is fine if the person doesn't get triggered all the time it's normal . no one would consciously choose to hang out with a person who doesn't have anything interesting to say or contribute to a conversation . especially with the tendencies of ne to seek out ... iago from othello could be an entp , it's been a while since i read that i think you would switch the 5 and 6 alignments . 6 would be lawful out of loyalty or worry of facing consequences ( lawful subtypes ) where 5 has no real obligation to adhere to the law and play fair ... yea so blind spot - finds it hard to concern self with another ’ s agenda , dismissive . when the social instinct is least developed , the individual is going to find it difficult to see why it is important ... if there's an nf orgy count me in , i'll be honorary nf for the time being sure as an sx dom ( see : instinctual variants ) i experience this alot - attraction without any attached emotional meaning ; being in love with the idea of being with someone . though i'm also an entp probably infp cats r beautiful wot for some reason i find that i'm attracted to infps .. or possibly the idea of them ( over infjs ) . i probably wouldn't be able to handle the fi though :p yes why would you rub a pen ? to heat up the ink and make it flow easier ? that idea is brought up for many illnesses , specifically mental illnesses regardless of proof . the illness isn't man made but the concept of it could be . you'll hear people say that about adhd as ... [ emoji 14 ] tru entj tmlt be an obvious thinker when typed by anyone around them when was the last pi day that was on a friday why fall in love with a male enfp when you could fall in love with a female entp instead ;) although enfp / infp works decently well in my book intps . they don't have that obnoxiousness to them , they're introverts , they're chill , and they make great partners in crime . i've never befriended an obvious entj ( though i suspect they would be ... you you can go out and buy pens at any nearby walmart i love pens for lack of effort to get up and consume anything better : xntp tmlt be in love with love rather than love anyone why else would i befriend someone tru infj istp  istp that might be a subcategory of what sadness is . it sounds like grief mixed with guilt who are you ? enfp tmlt commit suicide because they just got too bored with life esfp 4w20 maybe estp yis hey bb and that's when the quote actually died out really , it's time to move on guys - intp's aren't that great anyway maybe you need to calm the fuck down '