' people . i'm a really organized intp . weird . anyways , this wasted time and was entertaining . even though some of it is pretty repetitive and can be summarized as : dear intp , feel good , you should ... when you start a project and it gets abandoned without you even realizing until much later what you were originally doing . example : i forget i'm pouring soda because something more interesting ... the irony of a drag queen stating , jesus is a biscuit let him sop you up ! is hilarious . it's just a reoccurring statistic that keeps coming up in particular areas . there isn't much to read about it but maybe you can find something if you do a search . under the heading research on ... 40 living at home in their parents basement . nope . 40 year old virgin neither of these things . socially deprived the majority of the istps i know who are under the age 25 smoke a lot of weed . i don't know if this is because statistically they are shown to be one of the types with the least amount of coping ... i was thinking about which group has the worse stereotypes connected to their type and i think it's a tie between esfps and istjs . i would say entjs , but they seem to not really mind being called ... time . hahahaha i'm just a little disappointed right now because i met another intp and it was awesome except his personal hygiene was lacking . he smelled awful , but he had some really awesome ideas , but ... then shower and trim . regardless , showers and shaving are not your enemy . sometimes is fine , sometimes is good . everyone should probably remove themselves from the external world every once in a while and observe . i'm not talking about intps who do it sometimes . ... watching netflix became more imperative than completing the list , but i'll do the last two . just for you , because you're picky like that ( i'm just kidding ) . isfj : please ... just don't be ... intj : no , they can't tear up my psychology magazines for their scrapbooks , and for someone who chooses not to express their feelings they sulk quite a lot . i don't think intjs are selfish , i just ... so i've been criticized for not being the most spiritual person , and i've been told i am not very emotional , so i thought , hey i'll ask if they have anything they think i should try . so i've been ... doctor who logic : when shit goes down , it was aliens . 45089 when you can refrain from missing someone for months but can't be away from your place of dwelling for more than two days without missing it . when people ask you if you missed them and you want ... so i was bored and i decided to make mash potatoes for the first time because i watched a clip from close encounters of the third kind . i found out the idea of making something i have never made ... what if everyone sees colors differently ? what if everyone just calls it the same thing because they've been trained to ? what if when i see orange and another person sees orange it's not even ... thank you for all your awesome responses and helping me see things from a variety of perspectives . i have a sister who is an esfj , and i am pretty sure for the past twenty years the majority of my conversations with her have consisted of me saying the following : why ? no . please ... i can understand concern that the scenario could turn into that of a ' witch hunt ' but i'm not saying for people to take the law into their own hands . just to be more aware and involved in their ... 43786 trey parker and matt stone 43787 43788 43789 hahahahahahahahaha ! whooopppsss ! 43784 i'm on vacation so i reread a couple of books , and right now i'm working on cosmic consciousness by richard m . bucke . and you ? you're very cute . i'm sure you hear that a lot though . anyways , all of mitt romney's masterpieces will forever be embedded in my brain with my heart will go on as the background music .  ... i want to know what they know , so i pick the side they are against because then they give me the information i seek faster and more passionately . nerf guns , video games , action movies are a couple of examples that would influence children to think of a gun as a toy . your statement makes me imagine the creation of a commercial similar to those ... this post is really creative ! it's different and awesome . additionally , your avatar is awesome . star trek is great . every time i hear him say things like this : 43761 i'm like : 43762  i gather from what people normally say , is that i shouldn't dislike her , i should feel bad for her and want her to get help . but she doesn't see a problem , and everyone just enables her . you ... this isn't going to be a very objective post because i just have to get this out . she annoys me so much and my friend practically begs me to play nice with her . i love him to death so i try so ... that's hilarious . either because i honestly am excited about what i've realized and i want them to understand the concept . or because i'm really bored and i'm finding creative ways to do it . example : this ... oh , and i don't recognize strength in numbers . if i know i'm right , i don't care how many people agree with the person i am arguing with because as far as i'm concerned i've already won , and i'm ... i want things the way i want them but not because it causes anxiety . i'm not a very anxious person at all . i relate a lot to what type 8 has to say about relationships . i often view showing my ... i found about five enneagram tests , and i took them three times each . i received a six out of of two of them , and the others were more commonly eight and then five . alright , i finally got it down . i am an intp . and i typically test as an 8 or a 5 on the enneagram test . 1 & list =P l46a6e5cb5ff1f9b6 i fell off my bed from laughing so hard at the end . this was amazing . ... : rolleyes : the problem is gun control . you said it should be regulated , but how ? instead of offering a solution you've pretty much deemed it unsolvable . how can the original issue be mostly resolved ? then you have failed to solve the problem . '