i got nothing at the moment as we are getting ready to move house and the last thing i need is more crap to fill up a removals van ! but i have kind of pre-ordered myself the galaxy s6 edge + for ... gosh , it must be lovely to be so sure about everything . thank you for explaining that the experiences of discrimination i have suffered in 20 years of stem are down to my insecurities and never ... this sounds a lot like reallife ( tm ) from the red dwarf books , though used in a different way . have you read them ? sent from my ipad using tapatalk good point . i'm also mildly disturbed that people only started making a fuss when he shot a lion with a name . all the other dead animals didn't seem to register . i also believe that the money ... this is a vent really . i arrange a trip with me , my kids and my bf and her kids to go and see ' inside out ' ( purely for the psychology you understand ? ) yesterday , i book the tickets , book a table ... i love travelling but as i have a large family i've never really had the opportunity to spread my wings . we're planning a lot of trips , things like the trans-siberian railway when our kids are too ... i started my novel ( historical fiction / fantasy ) about 20 years ago and i'm still trying to get the first chapter just right . 365754 ^ ^ ^ was going to link this myself as i wrote a quite long post on there about this . edit : actually on reflection it was in here ot : love your avatar :D i try to be quite a non-conflict gentle intp and that comes across as caring about other's feelings . tbh it's a lot to do with reactions , if you go round upsetting people they come and emote all over ... intp who scored as ' executive ' . the figures were quantitative reasoning : 68.75 % , future-based reasoning : 87.5 % , evidence evaluation : 81.25 % and cognitive awareness 81.25 % . hah i can think like an ... this would be a little less amusing if ' trump ' wasn't a slang synonym in england for a fart . it would be a little more amusing if it didn't look like boris johnson was on a similar trajectory for ... usually ' indeed ' employed in an appropriate way for the conversation . serious answer : i don't watch many films so i'm not going to put up a film as an answer but the book that still does my head in is ' pavane ' by keith roberts . saying this though my mind can take a ... is this about that dirty story i definitely in no way read when i was in bed this morning ? i tend to judge people by two counts : firstly , how they treat others . if people are going to treat other people badly with no reason for doing so then , yes , i will judge them badly . the other count ... * enfp best friend and i leaving the school this morning and top mean girl mum is just outside the gate * mgm : ' hi ' me and enfp bf : * walk quickly out of earshot * oh god , the apocalypse is coming , ... good luck :) heh , badly . i mislike screwing up . well , i have learned there's an intro subsection from this thread . welcome summer child , welcome to the realm of the cynical . i choose 7.8935468765274876453728291766474887364859508765648493737364757575656473837464555677596877141614237383 . sod it i can't be arsed to choose any more ... sent from my ipad using tapatalk well , yes , obviously . maybe you're asking the wrong type . ask the entj's and they will explain about not procrastinating . i'm going to extrapolate here and suggest that you would like to know if ... it does sound to me also like she has moved on , this sometimes happens with me as well , i ask for a bit of space and then i like it a bit too much and don't feel like reforming a relationship and ... it's not been a quick process , i'm not going to lie . i left home when i was 18 and i'm now 42 and i had problems for a good few years . when i first left home i abused alcohol for a couple of years ... enfp : we never get anything done but we have lots of fun not doing any of it . high tea and scones are serious business , especially for bitching sessions :D my father physically abused me when i was a teenager while i was being bullied at school . i really don't have a lot to do with my parents these days , even though other people find this horrifying as ... 362322 i wouldn't mind being an xntj sometimes because they actually get shit done . can't you see a giant walks among you , seeing through your petty lives ? do you think i do these things for real ? i do these things just so i'll survive ... because most of what i say is just utter shite so it's really not worth reading . i try to filter but i'm not effective . thank you for this , i shall end my work on world-conquering bunnies so we're not at odds when we release them :) where should i send the flowers to ? i am pleased this has been an enlightening experience for you . sent from my ipad using tapatalk the 7/7 london bombings , i am currently about halfway through the transcript of the inquest . where's foxy ? at home unless otherwise unavoidable . pref under the duvet . if i'm out through choice then usually something of historical interest , animals , scientific , maybe sometimes ... dammit i thought i had got this double meaning joke in first ! yes , and a fly-half as well ( if you get this you're probably not american , sorry chaps ) . 1 - is there any thinker wishes to change ti into fi or fe ? what type would you choose , and why ? not really , i find fe a dreadful , uncontrollable cataclysm of a function . i like it perfectly well ... ^ ^ ^ how to get an intp to instantly thoroughly read a post . i love genuine enthusiasm . i loathe people being ' wacky ' or ' crazy ' or over the top because they're ' colourful ' . i can't sit in a room with people like that as i find them excruciating . i'm ok with stress , i get shit done . i had a horrible horrible stress moment this morning in fact and i was fine during the actual incident . it was just in the immediate aftermath i had a horrible ... he died halfway through before completing the sentence . maybe he should have called the emergency services instead of typing in an internet forum but meh , intp's what are you going to do , hey ? ... in bed last night hubby wakes me up at 4am worrying about being a bit poorly . i tell him what i have deducted was wrong with him , what it was likely to be and give him several recommendations for ... goodness is she not just a special little snowflake ? : rolleyes : very sparingly . most people are boring , nasty , untrustworthy shits who seem to be inexplicably popular with people just like them . i have a five bedroomed house which i currently attempting to sell . it's a sodding nightmare trying to keep it clean . i'm currently applying for jobs with my major motivation being we get a cleaner ... oh no ! hollywood made a ' historical ' film which glorified ' murica and ignored other countries either in supporting capacity or even better despite it being nothing to do with american troops ? nevah ! ... all the time and quite frequently it's something like ' not ' which changes the whole direction of the sentence > . < i'm straight . i thought for a while when i was younger i may be bi but i'm not . it really doesn't matter to me what sexuality anybody else is unless i'm trying to fuck them which these days i'm ...