' tl ;d r no type 2 infp heroes ? :( i was just told yesterday that i should stop liking a girl at my work because she will press harassement charges ... ~ _ ~ and i don't even talk to her ... sounds like me . lol only i get really nervious , and have a difficult time talking to the person , let alone joke around . lol fml . there's birds , their flying . i do believe in love at first sight . i find the battle of the nations to be interesting . battle of the nations team usa incase you don't know . i think i'm attracted to the whole chivalry aspect , and romance of it . i also , of course , ... true love is wanting happiness for another person . even if you're not a part of that happiness . cuervo 21 is right . you're gonna have to find the why before you can find the cure . its better to be alone then in bad company . anyways , is that profile picture you ? the red headed girl ? i don't think you're at all ugly . i don't know if its any consolation but ... i've never had a girl friend myself , and all that fun stuff either . breton is the only man that can save us from cthulhu . if we do something because we love / like someone , don't tell us we're being stupid . tell us we're being noble . :D we're like transformers . we're more then meets the eye . :D just sayin . i'd od on my insulin then i'd take a bunch of sleeping pills . i'd make my list but i'm worried i'd offend people ... :( i'm really goofy sometimes , and i like to joke around ( although my jokes don't really make any sense most of the time ) . when i was in around 2nd or 3rd grade i put a student in the hospital . its ... i always loved cats . 32467 ... sorry , i'd add you but ... y2k destroyed my facebooks . this topic is by far too ... outré for me . i sometimes get gut feelings . but , usually , i don't act on them or i don't tell people about them . things usually end badly when i don't act on them or tell people about them . what was it that martin luther king jr . said ? a good man can only take so much injustice before he says no more . or something . this story made me cry ... but , i feel that mr . turpentine has a look of deep love , and forgiveness in his eyes . i'm positive he forgives you . he has his arms open as if to say its ok . i love you ... lets see if these lighten the mood . 3244532444 the paladins , we'd sing christian power metal about epic battles , and victories against evil , or something . lovelorn or forlorn , we'd sing extremely sad alternative / grunge / rock music about typical ... i've been wondering ... is m & m any good ? does it mesh well with 3.0 dungeons , and dragons ? as in , could i take a character from m & m , and place them into my dnd campaign without a problem , or atleast ... i do this alot . not sure how to elaborate why . i suppose what i was trying to say is , i thought i wouldn't find a soulmate . but i have . so , my advice is do prepare yourself for that inevitable day when you do find your soulmate . so your sure ... i own about 40 3.0 dungeons and dragons books . in the 28 years of my existance i've never thought i'd find anyone i'd like enough to consider them a soul mate , or anything fanciful like that . but , i have and unfortunitely i fear its not working ... i suppose you could consider me a metalhead . this is the results i got from the personalitycafe ennegram tritype test . you are a type 2 with a 1 wing : the helper idealist your tritype is 2w1 , 9w1 , 6w5.in enneagram theory , you have one ... that sounds like me . :| maybe i'm infj : o i'm thinking about going back to collage to become a teacher . a preschool teacher to be exact . i don't know if that counts . i understand what you're saying . the circle of life sort of thing . your logic is flawless . saving the world isn't an easy proccess . but , its a proccess that needs to start somewhere . it cannot be said that our goals to save the world is a failure if even one life is ... well , its just a theory . as to how exactly it changes the mind is anyones guess . but , its been said that the consumption of flesh causes one to become more violent . but , like i said its just a theory . i'm feeling sorrow , despair , and self doubt . i have a theory that the consumption of flesh is addictive and it alters the way one thinks . also keep in mind what the applications going to be for the sword while you're decideing what to buy . hanweis ' european swords have some problems if i remember correctly , and also they don't look all that historically accureate . www.albion-swords.com has alot more historically accureate swords . also ... i think the majority of men place looks to be of high importance , and women hold looks to be of less importance . but , then again , that could be sexist conditioning against men . because not all men ... the first time i've taken the test i've gotten infp . other times i've gotten isfj , and sometimes i've gotten intp , or infj . you shouldn't feel as if you have to conform to a certain personality types ... sometimes ... those we wish to say the most , we can only say the least ... i have dyscalculia . so , i suck at all math . i also suck at writing . but , thats a topic for a different ... ummm ... topic ... ? yeah , it sucks being an infp male . but , you know ... in the end we're the ones who will save the world . and when we do , everyone will be thanking us , and we'll be the new celebrities . us infps ( both ... sorry , i wasn't trying to be rude or anything . i don't think its silly at all . if you feel lonely , and want to be in a relationship ... who am i to tell you that you're silly for feeling that way ? i ... '