' sent from my iphone using tapatalk are you for fucking real ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk if the standards at private schools are reduced the people who use them will go private tutor . sent from my iphone using tapatalk still impossible unless you lower the bar for private schools . sent from my iphone using tapatalk because the only way to have a public school meet private standards is to lower private school standards . its like what the usmc is doing to let women into combat . lowering the male standard while ... no child left behind worked like that problem is not all children are created equal . the kids who could not keep up were regulated to handicapped classes despite not being handicapped . mandating a ... what i never understood is why people who have never had their kids in public school have to pay taxes on something they don't use . more often than not they have to pay even when they pay for ... you mean shittily ? why would you want a private school to be a hellhole ? i am sure if we mandated private school teachers to smoke meth and have sex with minors then private schools would reach ... that is the only consistent factor that holds true through all incomes and ethnicities . they aren't leaving to dodge taxes they are leaving , because social justice types raise the taxes in richer ... a rather misleading statement . the reason it appears that more money is spent on rich kids comes down the demographics of urban economies . people who are rich do not balk at paying higher taxes for ... public schools cannot even keep up with other public schools , as no child left behind proved , how the hell are they supposed to keep up with private schools ? ? ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk oh so if a doctor says he needs to perform a craniotomy for tumor induced trigeminal neuralgia you would not use him , because is trying to appear smart and intimidate you yet you would prefer a ... formal indicates a serious nature , rather than a casual friday before i go out and get hammered nature sent from my iphone using tapatalk is this a rhetorical question ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk that would be impossible .. sent from my iphone using tapatalk sounds like prison ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk hahahahahahahahahahaha ! ! ! hate ? are you mad ? its a blast ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk sure entps court but most people don't call being blunt as a nuke strike , flirting . sent from my iphone using tapatalk go with the grand theft auto life ! been doing it for 20 years and the only thing i regret is waiting so long to start ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk the youtube video at the end was a nice touch ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk well i know that won't happen because when i wake the devil says , shit he's up ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk yep unless you are saying you don't want equality and are demanding special snowflake status . sent from my iphone using tapatalk when a person protests to get laid rather than for belief its easy for that to happen . black people in general tend to leave me alone . its only the posers that try to stir shit up . sent from ... narconomics by tim wainwright . its about the globalization and economic modernization of the south / central american drug trade . pretty accurate to , most books don't do it justice . sent ... i'm thinking of standing in a town , dressed in desert dpm , the stores around me are burning . the sunlight is masked and brownish as it appears through the swirling smoke . i am hot and tired , i just ... sounds like some magic mushrooms got harvested in the last batch of shitakes ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk was walking home from class texting when a black lives matter douche tried to confront me with his arms out with the bring it on gesture . he was doing it in front of four black chicks obviously ... better than your blanket statements which were easily disproven . first people do wake up , second ketamine is used and not just for emergencies ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk so i am correct sent from my iphone using tapatalk there always has to be a naysayer who doesn't know shit from shinola ! ! ! lets see what the real fucking doctors say ! first , nitrous with ketamine is called : office based intravenous ... well duh the universities are incentivized i . e . bribed to take on girls over guys . its just a form of affirmative action . my university increased student levels by 2500 last year comprising of not ... much worse if the teeth are impacted . about the same as regular pulls otherwise . sent from my iphone using tapatalk only if they are impacting the other molars i . e . growing toward the front of the face . they use nitrous oxide and ketamine mostly . be aware the ketamine and nitrous can wear off in mid surgery like ... violating social standards can be meaningful provided a person has upheld said standards . judges for instance who sent paedophiles to prison yet are themselves paedophiles but keep it a secret ... well the us is finding that unworkable as of late sent from my iphone using tapatalk did i say otherwise ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk well elimination of corporations certainly isn't fascist . seeing that fascism works by making the wealthy afraid of the lower class and communism works by making the lower class afraid of the ... seems to me dc proves that people commonly revel in their actions . i see bikers , gang members , even cops doing the same . sent from my iphone using tapatalk think you meant communism . sent from my iphone using tapatalk that only works if there are no people who take credit for the awful deeds they do like badges of honour . sent from my iphone using tapatalk if i choose too . sent from my iphone using tapatalk except not being a hypocrite probably the rarest of human actions . sent from my iphone using tapatalk actually i am completely fine with it because its their choice and they are not ashamed ... you can see those people a mile away and avoid them if you wish . the worst kind of person is the ones ... considering that lack of hypocrisy is rarer than a socialist that does not steal other people's money , then yes . sent from my iphone using tapatalk go for it just always remember to be straight with them and no problems should arise . just like any business . sent from my iphone using tapatalk 1 . intp smartest person i know a very brilliant lady . 2 . entj roma lady . i don't have any more . associated with thousands of people yet only those two stand out . the rest are mostly with the ... the capitalist drinks at home because the bar markups are outrageous ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk don't be stupid . that alone could do it for most . sent from my iphone using tapatalk what many people forget is that corporations nearly completely rely on hr operating around set criteria to hire people . the reliance on the judgement calls of hr personnel tends to give company ... sounds to me like if a person isn't smart enough to manipulate the outcome of the test they don't deserve the job . sent from my iphone using tapatalk '