'  if anything at all , pretending i'm not looking for a date at all . just dimnish all anxiety vibe around you and pretend to act natural . there is one problem about it though : if you overuse that ... me . i'm a bit scared to show myself and clrearly express joy . another link ? thephilosophicalboy.wordpress.com is no longer available . the authors have deleted this site . touché . i didn't expect many other infps to relate to this . thanks for sharing this information . yes , it's just about doing it your own way and saying things you think the other person is going to like in small dosis everytime . maybe a little joke here and there while you talk about something ... and no logical reason is required to solve it . mad thread , no offense to the op . well i actually meant epic as orchestral or epic-magic-dragons-swords-kind of thing related . chan chan i'm thinking about it but i can't remember . jesus . hey guys , have you ever find epic songs to be motivating for excercising while you listen to them too ? like doing push ups in the kitchen while two steps from hell expects you to save the world as ... da : i if you played mass effect 3 2307222307 2223072 2 silver surfer ? funny , because that's a good resume of what happens to a lot of us on certain situations . the why am i more succesful among the other sex when i'm in a relationship ? classical issue . inverse ... something like that . is just a matter of this is important , there is a moral implication about it . my conscience longs for aprobation here in case i've got something to do about it and it's just not ... yes , and i felt terrible . everything i learned from then is that life without values has no meaning to me . just a random succesion of moments . here's one : ' if you don't want to judge yourself , stay out of the mirror . ' haha right , i do agree . i realized the only way to be happy was to submitt myself for righteousness and peace . nice ones ! i love ancient greeks and romans , here is another one : x93self - control is the chief element in self-respect , and self-respect is the chief element in courage . x94 ― thucydides it's nice to do some good . i guess love is to care for someone's happiness . that person can be you or someone else . affection makes me fall in love . i don't know where it comes from , but it's a blessing . — whatever . whatever . no ! not that one i don't really think about it . i say yes to the nfjs demands and sneak out in the night . i think we are . we can do more things than them . i agree with your point . i thought we were talking about manliness here . when i talked about tyranny , i was referring to dominance . if all females , all resources are for the same male ... we are no better than animals . ... isn't that what jesus was about ? and by the way , just saying : cleant eastwood characters are fictional too . put up or shut up , no excuses , claw your way to the top , may the best ... let me disagree . i couldn't do the test , but acts of service and words of affirmation seem a good way to show my love . what kind of music do you like ? i got to agree . salihah like a walkietalkie i put the salihah with the name on it , but not sure if it works edited into free - dangan p . s . : freedom ! actually freedom sounds more like this one yes ! time to fight to get through ! nice question . i guess it's about intimacy . fredooommm because they feel protected i guess . dark side still needs to be defeated . if you want to beat the asholes you just got the be as confident as them , but nicer . don't fall into the darkside too . it's a hard task , man . i relate . yes , but it has a cost . '