' i'm an entp but i'm going to say that that happens all the time for me and it's usually a sign that i'm going to be extremely disappointed and sad at the end of the day or week . all those ... you're a junior in high school now i'm guessing ? any top choices for colleges [ / quote ] yep ; top choice is stanford . chances of actually getting in is trash though . i got accepted to their high ... i'm as busy and lonely as always . i actually have no clue what i've been doing for the last couple months . i guess i was being busy . anyone here remember me ? i just realized how i never read the original post and just assumed that it was like the infj hug thread . derp . * hugs dream 852 * i'm doing meh . that's a lot of enfps . how are my enfp friends doing on this day ? they never give me hugs . also , i can never tell if a girl likes me or if she's just an exfj . . . i normally assume the latter . how would you react if a person asked you out on a date but you didn't like them ? i'm not aware of any laws banning the keeping of an enfp ; as far as i know , they are not considered wild animals of any kind . edit : i think they eat the same things as other people so you could ... hugs lunar light that means that enfjs love lying . imo priapus has the best sense of humor , even if he's a bit of a dick . lol , hades felt cheated when he got stuck with the underworld instead of the sea or the skies . priapus prometheus and eris are also favorites of mine . this . also , how do i snuggle with one ? * hugs * so , how do i get an enfp to go on a date with me ? that's odd that you say that . . . because season 5 of my little pony : friendship is magic just started and the first episode was about getting rid of a communist dictator whose name starts with the ... who is best pony ? ne , ti . trolling the cops . cop : sir , do you know why i was following you ? me : because you're a stalker and you want to go to prison for it ? cop : * * * yeah , i do know for sure that there was this one isfj who was once like really attracted to me or something a couple years back ; like once , she was talking with me and she was like so when we grow ... well there's an exfj i know who i don't talk to much . whenever she sees me though , she's like hello like in a really excited way . like she sounds excited to see me or something . i happen to play ... why do enfjs answer questions less often than enxp types do ? actually , why is this subforum as a whole so quiet compared to the enfp subforum ? so , i have trouble telling the difference between a girl that may possibly like me and a girl that may possibly just be an exfj ? ? ? how . it's a good thing that you didn't ask that in the entp subforum . our definition of lighthearted may be different from yours . for me , that was a light-hearted answer . so , did you expect a non-serious answer ? my non-serious answer is that humanity will be present when the world ends because the world has already ended and that what you experience at this ... when you stack the history of humanity up to the history of our earth , or even just the history of life on this earth , we are only a single page in the book . what's your definition of the the world ? what are enfp hugs like ? do enfps cuddle with their friends ? yes , i can only get romantically involved with one female at a time but i can hug and snuggle with more . latter is also less commitments . i'm not sure if i want to get romantically involved with a female or if i just want to hug and snuggle them all day while talking about random stuff . . . i need to figure out what my actual goal ... i'm really confused right now . i'm not sure if i legitimately get romantically attracted to females or if i just want to be friends and snuggle all day and talk about random stuff with them forever . nah , it's like i stop seeing most of their physical flaws as i talk to them more and etc . no , they actually begin to look attractive the more i talk to them and stuff . averagish-looking girls always end up looking really attractive to me if i've had enough good conversations with them for some reason . . . like seriously , there's a bunch of friends of mine that ... woah , this is page number 1984 . that was a great book , eh ? my conversations tend to be on different subjects irl and online . i rarely ever have a nice , long conversation on the more emotional side irl . in real life , the only people that i'm really capable ... i think it's weird because i literally talk to some people online just so i can feel all cuddly inside . yeah . . . the feelings aren't as cuddly irl though . is it weird if talking with females of my age online gives me a warm fuzzy feeling inside if they can hold an intelligent conversation ? usually xnfp types tbh . i should probably go outside my ... it's called illogical pseudoscience . you may want to search up auras . do you guys get annoyed when a friend of yours sends you like 500 messages while you're offline ? do you guys get annoyed when a friend of yours sends you like 500 messages while you're offline ? here's a question for the xnfps . so . . . if someone walked up to you and said i think that you are very intelligent ; do you want to be friends ? , how would you respond ? so . . . i decided to tell my enfj friend that i have a crush on her friend . . . . . . now how screwed am i ? '