' supernatural dollhouse doctor who lie to me psych whose line is it anyway ? i can count , but i would hate to leave out any of them . actually i don't use the cognitive functions because there is no scientific basis for them . i pretty much create all forms of art , although i am better at some than others . i mostly write , but i like to dabble in photography , filmography , music composition , painting , and drawing . there are ... paraphrasing al capone ? this is one of my favorite quotes . warning : obsessive . remember that thing you told me about that one time ? well i researched it for 10 hours straight , and i'm starting a ... i - 100 % n - 100 % f - 50 % p - 74 % i have two intj friends possibly three , and they're awesome . having friends who speak their mind and are not afraid to debate is very important . besides who else is going to help me take over the ... well actually studies have shown that these differences in brain structure are fairly insignificant . the media just latched on to the idea that there is a large biological sex difference because it ... at their houses although i wouldn't recommend seeking them out there . :) on the internet college - especially math / science , linguistic , and philosophy classes . libraries i think it's the tp : really freaks people out . dear xxx , please stop initially hating me . i know i seem cold at first , but if you actually attempted to talk to me you would know that i am a very friendly and accommodating person . i'm just ... dear isfj , i can't read minds no matter how much i try . also please stop feigning interest in things i am interested in . you're kind , but i would appreciate some honesty because you're going to ... you shouldn't avoid friendship with her because you think you will offend her values . not all infps are oversensitive crying little flowers . i debate with my intj friends and i respect their views ... to be fair effect can be a verb too , but in this case it would be affect . statistics is the only math for me . infp / intp here geography : i thought colorado was east of ohio . i also thought detroit was in illinois . famous people : my spanish teacher puts pictures up of famous people and makes us talk about ... i'm an infp / intp , and i've gone for two months now without any significant social interaction . most of my friends have moved away , and the other ones i just don't run into anymore . i'm just now ... i get this . i'm a very strong i and n . i am also a p , but not strongly so . i too plan and make lists but do not always follow through . however i am very confident in my perceiver status because i can ... intj and istj . for some reason literally all of my friends are judgers . 81 % analytic 55 % amiable 22 % expressive 22 % driver there are relatively few things that i feel the need to police and most of them are illegal and generally acknowledged to be immoral . mostly i am just interested in seeing the different sides to ... by slowly letting my health deteriorate as i pile on more and more responsibilities . and naps ... lots of naps . god is an astronaut explosions in the sky derpidety stars of ... elfen lied followed by angel beats and black butler always , but that might have to do with me not letting them . also the fact that so many people in my life have moved away . now all my confidants are on opposing ends of the country , and we've ... she is not invisible by marcus sedgwick a blind girl kidnaps her younger brother to find their dad who has suddenly dropped off the grid somewhere in america while researching for his newest ... i'm a radical , so originality is not something i generally worry about . pretty much everything else , but not originality . i identify more with what society deems as masculine than feminine . as a child i grew up with two older brothers , one only over a year's age difference , so i learned at a very early age how to be one ... maybe she felt suffocated in the relationship . maybe it had nothing to do with you and everything to do with the relationship itself making her feel nervous or confused all the time , and she just ... i'm an infp / intp 5w4 and the people i've attracted have been isfj , isxx , and potentially an estj . i do not believe in soulmates . i believe that somewhere out there there is someone who is better for you than anybody else , but the chances of you meeting are ridiculously tiny , and you aren't ... tests usually label me as 1w9 , 6w5 , and 5w6 , but even though 5w4 is usually fourth on the list , it is what i most identify with . ideally he would have brown hair , brown eyes , and a beard , although personality obviously matters infinitely more than attractiveness . he would be outdoorsy and appreciate both nature and art . he ... there was one instance when my friends were talking about something , and i wasn't really paying attention . i heard the word dingo and immediately said , oh i love those . i really want one . my friend ... you basically just quoted the only things ever to touch my floor . i like having a mess that i can clean to relieve stress , but i like it to consist of stuff i can put away quickly the only time my room is a mess is when i let it get a little messy just so i can clean it later when i need to relieve stress . i like to keep everything meticulously organized , even computer files ... my body shape is straight and athletic : no curves personality typing my fictional characters / planning my novels finding pictures to match my fictional characters henry thoreau quotes i am not yours by sara teasdale and other older poems the ... yeah i can relate . i was in a kind of relationship with a fellow introvert , but he liked to spend a lot of time with me . i never fully got that recharge time , and i need a lot more than the average ... as my sixth grade teacher once said about me : she's not out there , but she's on the way . about ending a relationship ... the emotional arsonist we'll burn that bridge when we get to it holding lighters in hands tightly clasped the bridge would burn a welcomed death its worth ... first i would hit the armory , then the pharmacy . then i would fortify , hopefully in a tree house or some other elevated building where the zombie's couldn't reach me . i want to stand as close to the edge as i can without going over . out on the edge you see all the kinds of things you can't see from the center . kurt vonnegut i have an iq of about 139 and a 4.0 gpa . i never study or pay attention during class but somehow always know the information by the test day . it's my superpower . introspective , reserved , independent , wandering , appreciative i am very research-oriented . in fact , right now psychological research is my desired occupation . i spend a lot of my spare time researching for something or other . in school i always do way more ... i am an asexual infp / intp , but i noticed that the original poll has a major flaw : most of the people who frequent forums are of those personality types . therefore that really isn't a reliable way to ... i always push my tongue against my teeth when i'm concentrating , even in public , but i get self-conscious when i notice . i usually have cuts on the inside of my thumbs because i have a terrible ... i cross my legs like that too ! i thought i was the only one . - sorry this was a reference to an earlier post . i thought it would show next to it . sorry . i would buy a small log cabin in the middle of deep remote woods . i would put aside a little money for food , water , and travel and live a quiet life , hiking and writing and reading . the rest of the ... the way the light filters into my room when the sun has just started to rise '