' maybe somebody can explain this one to me : why is it that people who are convinced the world will end in 2012 are writing and publishing books about it ? saving all that cash up for what , a bonfire ... 2012 is the end of the current cycle , the name of which ( granted , it was coined by historians but still ) escapes me but i believe it might be the bak'tun . the calendar doesn't end on 2012 it just ... obama isn't an american the health care plan is communism and gives free health care to everyone ! communism and socialism are the same the new arizona law allows police to pull over ... i have already used this image today . i'm ok with this . and what the hell you mean if ? ? pride is fine , it's the fanatical we should secede from the union craziness that gets to me , personally . there's a difference between pride and nationalism . avoid nationalism , it lead to the ... there is always at least a little bit of caring in every i don't care . if you don't care , how can you be hurt ? but the fear of being hurt implies you do care . so there is not merely caring but ... used to get into noble fights all the time in elementary school because i felt the need to protect people . i don't remember it , but my parents tell me stories . apparently one time some kid was ... as a social studies teacher i have certainly made efforts to know about politics , so as to teach and inform and guide , but i seem to be irreversibly moving towards something more . my parents are ... san antonio texas . stay away . i have been trying to move to california , washington , oregon , or god help me new zealand for some time now . i will never understand why this bloody state ... sherlock holmes definitely for his competence , also indiana jones for those of us that do believe he's one . batman for his justified crusader mentality ( sometimes you just have to get the job done , ... speaking of staring , has anyone else noticed that intj pretty much have the exact same expression on their faces while being photographed ? seriously . go take a look at the forum users portraits ... whad'ya mean go and get some enfps ? what , you people roam in packs or something ? all it takes is the long , drawn out call of ... i love to fight . there's a connection there , when you square off against someone who is your equal and knows it . it's intensely cerebral . see that new sherlock holmes movie ? the fight scenes ... when you use knowledge of string theory to spark up a conversation with a women you're attracted to so you can find out if she's worth asking out or not . i did this last week . : mellow : i don't mean to put out the spot of hope in your heart , i mean for you to get out there and reveal all of this to him . i ask you why you tell us about these thoughts and not him . and i mean every ... am i the only one finding this entire thread exceptionally entertaining ? well see there's a problem there in that i do my best work while standing . and which mask ? i wear many , each to its own purpose . i was professionally diagnosed about 4 years ago , though i didn't take this test . mine is apparent in little quirks of behavior . i can't , for example , drink the last bit of soda / water / anything out ... hoping for an intj to wake up to things like this is like hoping a religious fanatic will suddenly think to themselves you know , i think atheism is the way to go . honesty . up-front , ... i can't begin to understand why i never thought to do this before . it seems so much more simple than blindly flailing about , however much i may enjoy flailing in all its glorious forms . please ... i don't know if love is real . the historian in me questions it and says that it is possible , even likely , that it is a construct of society . it certainly isn't universal . comparisons of what is ... lol that's what i get for typing something at 5 am and not paying much attention . you clever catcher of my mistakes you . estj . wow . phale . throw in some fruit snacks and whiskey and you've got yourself a deal . i am booked till december , however , but i'll put you on the waiting list . wherever i am needed , bionic . wherever i am needed . hmm ... i only bother to get to know people who are within the realm of what i would consider interesting . anyone outside that gets professional-type remarks and interaction , nothing more . if i ... just to say : morale = the psychological state of a person , good or bad , used often to refer to the military . there's a topic where morality is being discussed to death too . personally , i think ... you defended oneiricentropy's argument , which makes it your argument . nobody is a true utilitarian , since utilitarianism depends on knowledge of every possible outcome and nobody knows every ... touche . i misread your previous comment as asking to show a society where such an action would be perceived as good by the society , not where such an action would be considered good in general ... obviously it isn't obvious since i obviously didn't catch it . it still doesn't make sense . i present a hypothetical situation wherein a culture believes that raping that child will result in the ... i never said it made it right , i said it didn't make it evil and i said it makes it right in their eyes . if you aren't them , your opinion of their actions is irrelevant . who the hell are you to ... because despite the efficiency and convenience of it , a bayoneted weapon is still a pretty terrible weapon for melee . i'd rather have twice the length , lugs , and a cutting edge , even if it means ... when did wonder woman become so damn skinny ? rifle though , russian 1932 mosin nagant . close range - lugged spear with a leaf broad head for cutting . pwns just about everything . you know i've read this about seven times and it may just be that i'm tired , but i absolutely have no idea what you are trying to say . what proposition ? what answer ? if they believe that not ... you know to be honest , i'd be willing to bet a considerable sum that there has been a culture in the history of the earth that has done this , likely for religious purposes . i'd definitely be ... never would have allowed for it to happen in the first place . seriously , the idiot in charge who put profits ahead of safety / efficiency / longterm investment needs to hang his head in shame , and then ... wow this is still floating around ? i haven't talked to this girl in over a year ... it didn't work out ... : sad : you know the funny thing is i don't think it worked out because we were too ... ^ this is correct . you're arguing with an admittedly spartan person , so my response to this is : if you enjoy something to the extent that you feel the need to do it routinely , then you are addicted . i don't think ... marijuana isn't destructive ? bull . i chortle when people try to defend the stuff . i've had my fair share of friends who did it . one friend ... well , the last i ever saw of him was him being half ... a physical addiction is unnecessary . the addiction is psychological . the need for this nonsensical experience of theirs . what a wasteful excuse to do anything . i may as well cut off all my ... drugs are a pathetic dependency and self-destructive behavior . i find most people who use them , whatever their excuse , disgusting and i don't give a damn what anybody thinks of my thoughts on the ... thankfully i have my cold spear of logic to deal with mood swings . right ? ... ... ... right ? uh oh ... so most of my life i've associated with a very , very select few people . these people are as follows : one esfj who amuses me . i give him advice that he ignores and he comes to me for emotional ... 1 . justification for the masses 2 . emp devices 3 . an effective and absolutely loyal secret police . preferably artificial . i'm a historian . i not only think about this every day , i even ... the mbti is a foundation , not a complete floor plan . why are you bothering will all this second-guessing nonsense ? ask him . all this intj's are so mysterious nonsense is annoying . we appreciate straightforwardness and direct questions more ... in my time in japan i never once received a fortune cookie . of course , curry shops and pan-ya's aren't the best places for them ... but still . you'd think ( insert horrible stereotype scenario ) and ... i'm male , but i did spend a night at an apartment with two intj females . we talked about physics and powered armour and how the stuff could work if only we could just figure out a way to harness all ... do fortune cookies even tell fortunes anymore ? all i ever see are like ... pathetic little pseudo wisdom anecdotes or quotes or phrases or some other nonsense ... i can already quote sun tzu , i ... if the thread is amusing , relevant , or otherwise worth the time to look at , what does it matter who made it and how long ago ? '