' havent posted here in 3 months but i'm still getting post likes . feels good man :) here's a recent pic of me ( right ): enfp . on the weekend i think i met my first intp . within half an hour of talking he disclosed that he was a postmodern solipsist and that he has trouble with the ladies . i can see us becoming ... at 16 my mum found some lacey black lingerie in my dirty washing basket . they didn't belong to anyone in the house or any of my friends ( didn't even have female friends then ) and i'd never got ... they didn't do it for the royal wedding but you can pay for airplanes to spray something over an area of cloud which makes it evaporate or whatever . applecat you traitor ! have some pride in your country ! haha .. ok i kid . on the plus side i was suprised to learn that not only are people going to be having street parties , but my city has applied ... imposter . i refuse to believe that you look anything different from your avatar . i just have to say that i'm sure , how an intp looks like has the worst grammar ever . woody allen is such a miserable fart . we're the type most likely to be pretentious / awesome and have a username that references itself . it is all happening at once in some sense . maybe time and all of history / the future is a fourth dimensional field of now and because we're perceiving the 3rd dimension we have the experience of ... i think i posted this in another thread , but this is how i think the world would appear : on the topic of indigo children , woah : just suck it up and try and have a good time . they can't be that bad . try to find fun in their sensing . you'll have a good time if you try . i really like waking life although a lot of people hate on it in a similiar way to donnie darko . i just think it's very unique and a great watch . the rotoscoping is awesome to , they used loads of ... my room looks like a crack den . no fucks are given . yeh , i guess thats what i'm saying . i think that , on a basic level , what we want is very similiar . we are all human after all . trends and expression of self are great and interesting ... but it is ... well , isn't the ego birthed when we start to identify ourselves with what we perceive ? in that respect ... we are just mirrors ... but we generally don't see ourselves as mirrors , we see ourselves as ... do you think that intps have a good sense of self ? i feel like i have a way of approaching the world that sort of defines me ... but i don't usually identify too strongly with any particular trend ... freezing my balls off up a welsh mountain . cycled 80 miles that day . :p roud : i see . it depends on how adavnced you want it to be i guess . if it's something quick and cheap just a peice of string attached to the bottom of the cylinder and the platform ? with a hinge ? what is it for ? can the cylinder be attached to the mechanism ? electronic ? etc . it's a stupidly vague problem ? we are a strange loop ! i am a strange loop - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i think self understanding is like trynna catch a carrot on a stick . we can always see it but we can never grasp it . i would say that i have a lot of patience . i'm aware of situations where i understand things much more so than others ... but i recognise that knowledge / intelligence do not make a person so it is ... what the hell that's so similiar to me . i remember basically every dream when i wake up and then many other dreams i remember for a long time that come back to me ocassionally like you described . i ... personally i think people get trolled if they feel the need to point out a troll :p it kind of shows a slight bit of uncertainty ;) uh ... obvious trol is obvious lol , look an obvious troll ... lol wow that's a lotta troll right there . aww man ! chill out , man ! i agree . without empathy reason is aimless . what i dislike about empathy is that relating others feelings to mine , in order to share in what they feel , feels like cheating ... or false in some way . it feels like there needs to be more than just ... i've just realised that the quieter and less expressive people are only labeled as being socially awkward because they are in the minority . what if we look at it from another angle ? say ... everyone ... not gonna lie i still get stage fright at urinals ... this is not good . i generally avoid investing emotionally in women that i find attractive ... but when i open the flood gates it all comes pouring out too quickly . i like this girl ... enough for me to ... yeh definetly . teachers only ever explained how things worked in a kind of short-cut way ... which wasn't how i wanted to learn . who in the shit is that glenn beck guy ? holy crap he needs to be shot ! what a fucking idiot ! he had no respect what so ever for that kid . so the only way out of depression for an intp is suicide ? great ! i'd love to be able to be captivated by science and equations but as soon as i see numbers i lose interest . guess this makes me fail slightly as an intp . they'd have to have some kind of invincibility otherwise they'd die of old age :p this is a stream of consciousness , or at least it's supposed to be but i'm aware of posting it on a forum and i guess the above posters were too so it's all still kind of cultivated . i am bored now ... which are the type that's intelligent but really blunt / arrogant and dickish ? i don't think it's intp ... but i've come across such people a few times before and they are similiar to me ... and ... maybe thats the intp illusion . troll oneself into thinking you're preparing for something until you're on your death bed and you can declare a great success ! you clearly didn't troll yourself very ... don't say that which cannot be said . we're preparing for that which will make life worth living ofcourse . you know ... the thing . the goal . it . yeh , yeh , we're procrastinators , i've gathered that . i guess i'm kind of just reiterating similiar themes .. but what else are you gonna do on a mbti forum eh ? :p do you feel like you're putting ... it's you ! man , i wish i'd never found that goddamn lamp . stupid * * * ing genie . i just had to blurt it out , didn't i ? i wish i were immortal ! half the time they can't even make you immortal , but ... family is , infp , infp , infp , isfj , esfj close friends are , enfp , infj , infj , istp , esfp , isfp , istj , intj if i had to guess . no so but previous .. infp , infj , enfp yep 10 char i know , i mentioned that he was in the film ... but it just seems a little mad ? what exactly is the process which causes a beautiful picture to have effects on water molecules ? especially when ... lol this stuff sounds so absurd that i'm hesitant to immediatley dismiss it . my hippy friend gave me a book on water molecules by a guy who is featured in the film . it sounds absolutely barmy ... you look kind of like an intellectual eastern european in the 70 ' s here . like from the unbearable lightness of being or something . in a good way :) - ice cream - i want ice cream - ignore the negatives , i . e . i don't have much money and i am too fat already . - focus on the positives , i . e . ice cream tastes good and good is what i need . - focus on ... '