' omg . continued bombing on aleppo after supposed ceasefire ? can you put yourself into the minds / bodies of the people who live in aleppo ? can you feel it ? does it make you feel as sick as ... feel free to exit my mind there are doors scattered about your welcome has been overstayed now let me fill this void you've made i'll show you the way out ... i don't know who said this . ... wellsy your avatar of paul newman has got to be one of the most damn fine pics of him evvver ! ! ! he trumps brad pitt anytime . ( although , i must admit , brad is fine , especially in a ... so i live in a suburb of downtown detroit . between my fair city and the actual not so fair city of detroit , it's a fucking world wanderland . yup , the grosse pointes . where the ford family lives . ... 587490 i love ted talks . still don't know what i think about ndes . lunar . p . s . but i did tell my sister when i die i do not want to be put in a box in the ground . i want my ashes to ... this is the suckiest thing . i don't have children . but i have a great 18 lb . tuxedo cat . guess what , i'm really ill . i'm trying to figure out where he will go if i'm not here anymore . i ... last couple of days or so , i don't even read what anyone else posts . i just want to vent . i'm not a facebook person , but i guess i believe this forum does give you a voice . i try to listen to ... i really haven't followed your back and forth thread , but unfortunately , most people ( i hate generalizing ) , are unwilling , or unable , to take an ( objective or subjective , i don't know , don't have ... guess what people , infps only make up 4 % of the total population ! ! ! so let's say there are approximately 320 million people in the united states of america , and only 4 % are infps , that's only ... hate to say this but by the tone of your post sounds like your going off 1,000 miles per second . you okay ? lunar . hey babe , i see you're new to the forum . depression sucks . i was going to go into my own story here , but this post is about you . i'm not a mom . wouldn't even know how to deal w / ... warning : if you have a yappity yap yap dog , don't read this post . okay , my downstairs neighbors dogsits her daughter's ( i don't know exactly what dog breed , but really , should it be considered a ... have you ever heard of thich nhat hanh ? a buddhist monk ? as an infp , if i was going to subscribe to any religion it would be buddhism . but buddhism is not a religion , really , in and of ... i don't care if i'm dying ... just give me some good fucking drugs while i do . lunar . oh no , 3 hours til my doctor's appointment . i'm so scared . lunar . i don't know , sometimes you just have to drift away for a bit . take your head off your body and put it on the shelf . give yourself a break ? lunar . i watch alot of criminal minds episodes . they often quote edgar allan poe . i can relate to so many of his quotes , considering he had a very dark scary side , maybe that's not so good . but it is ... i agree wholeheartedly . can you believe , for awhile , when i didn't trust myself so much , when i didn't think so much of myself , when my self-esteem was at it's lowest , i would deign to go out with ... lol . it makes a bit more sense now . potatoes and the uk . as you may or may not know , the english are not known for their culinary prowess . lunar . great quote , but what i like better is your signature ... no one feels another's grief , no one understands another's joy . people imagine they can reach one another . in reality they only pass ... what i really want , in my heart of hearts , is for my family to get me . i am going through a grieving process knowing that will never happen . that's why i've come back to the forum after a ... my confession for today ... the autumnal equinox : sometimes i hate my younger sister . she is my leetle seester . she is the love of my life . lunar . ooooh , i see you're an enfp . i'll tell you what ... i usually have my psychotherapist re-test me every few years . about ten or so years ago ( probably more , time flies you know ) , i tested 9 on ... duh ! ! lmfao ! ! ! lunar . i hate when people refer to the united states of america as the united states , or just the u . s . i was a legal secretary since i have been 25 years old . that is more than 1/2 of my life . i'm ... so funny ! ! ! i wouldn't have watched it if my boyfriend had not wanted too ! ! i guess maybe it's a good thing we introverts have people who sometimes bring us into the world . lunar . i'm not good at relationships either . i've read alot about them . i've read what men need , the validation , appreciation , etc . etc . etc . i don't know if i give that to my boyfriend because i ... 584842  5848 50 yeah , so oscar ( cat in pics ) , he's getting a little bit old now and lazy . my fault . he hates when i'm at the computer because of course , instead of tapping on the ... michael jordanis awesome ! ! they make it look so fucking easy . that's the story of my life . i want to be excellent at things , without putting in all the hard work . well , i was a fucking great ... have no idea what this means , but it seems to fit here . lunar . i don't know how my mind works , or where it goes half of the time . i've been on disability for over a year and my brain is reaching for things to keep it company . how in the hell did i get to ... hey , people go off . i go off sometimes too . and then i want to apologize . i want to make sure i have this clear . a muslim is a person whose choice of religion is islam ? wait , it's not ... by the way , i am sane . people whose job it is to know these things have told me so . party of one : the loners ' manifesto anneli rufus aug 19 , 2003 | ; allyrah as stated in the below very long quote , being an introvert and being a loner are not necessarily the same thing . but in my opinion , do oftentimes , go hand in hand . i posted ... welcome to the world of an infp my friend . i am 52 and still haven't figured out the answer to the question that you are asking , which i have asked myself for a long long time . i never wanted ... fifa and the world cup : last week tonight with john oliver ( hbo ) take at a look at this vid . you might change your mind about fifa . lunar . ... my confession today : i'm still afraid ( well don't know if afraid is the right word , but definitely i am hesitant , no , i think afraid is the right word ) , to let my arms or legs hang off the side of ... i just posted on quote of the day , but i think it applies here also ... you know you're an infp when you can relate to ... “ i'd woken up early , and i took a long time getting ready to exist . ” ... here's my favorite pessoa quote : “ i'd woken up early , and i took a long time getting ready to exist . ” ― fernando pessoa , the book of disquiet lunar . fernando pessoa , the book of disquiet . i guess it makes sense the only place i would ever run into someone who even heard of mr . pessoa is on an infp forum ! ! i'm going to have to check out paulie . ... excellent ! yeah , fuck fate . lol . lunar . i remember you from long ago . from when you were first pregnant . i'm glad you are still here at the forum . lunar . i love it . i can't do small purses though . big bummer because they are usually the cutest . i need to have room for my sunglasses ( which are prescription ) , so that usually eliminates right there ... i never heard of rupi kaur and looked her up on wikipedia . of course , at the time , i did not know if she was a man or a woman . lol . very interesting woman ! ! ! thanks for sharing . lunar . i love this quote . so true . it's funny i have a very dysfunctional family and was trying to reconnect with my older sister . ( i am 52 she is 59 ) . she brought up shit that happened 30 years ago ! ! ! ... yeah , to not choose is a choice . lunar . lol . love the vid that goes with your confession . i agree with the vid , not necessarily the in love with justin bieber part . although i have seen him on ellen and he doesn't seem so bad . ... 583554at least my cat still loves me . i have no impulsivity control lately . emotional vomit and hateful things continually keep coming out of my mouth ( or more specifically , via texts , and ... please accept my apologies . i am out of my head ( didn't alice in wonderland say something like that ? ) . here's , a quote that i relate to ( i don't think you are one of the mad people ) “ but i ... , sorry folks . forget it , forget it , forget it . hate fighting . i'm not usually this confrontative . just been feeling physically quite crappy and ... '