' omg ! this is 100 % true for me with my friend who is an estj esp , with the lack of giving information and he is so unpredictable about food so intermittent cannot find a pattern anywhere but it is ... erm , i love animals have 4 cats , a turtle , and 4 rats ... and i love the zoo ! ! ! i do not see the zoo and animals like you i see the lamina at the zoo saved from extinction ( b / c most of the animals ... this is why i have reservations as well ... that is why i feel if they did not have a very deep belief set in it then i would be less worried and as infj i do not want my feelings hurt and my feelings ... yes it did ... hence why i posted this thread lol thank you so much for all your posts ! ! really informative and cleared up a lot of misunderstandings i have had about jw and their culture ... i want to be friends with them and have learned alot from ... i think you are jumping to conclusions ... how about you ask me where i received this mind control info first ... then check on the sites creditability ... then if it is that true offer me some real ... i think he is just trolling ... yes , i thought since curiosity and the quest of knowledge is so common in infjs you would of noticed that right away ... im highly curious and i see why curiosity killed the cat so to speak lol well , one no jws would regularly post on here because they are not allowed to go on the internet and surf other than basic e-mail and such ... and you make my title sound negative which it is ... you said some really awesome stuff ... after thinking i would like to explain a little more ... i feel like they are saving face because of their religion ... they are going to lose their house and i ... very true , i'm wondering how to go about asking if they really believe it or not ... i feel like sometimes it is like any religion that people grow up with ... kinda a routine but other times i feel ... jehovah's witnesses neighbors ! ! ! i have jehovah's witness neighbors and i'm so confused i have no idea what to do ... background : i'm an infj and my neighbors ( the husband is an entp & wife ... jehovah's witnesses neighbors ! ! ! i have jehovah's witness neighbors and i'm so confused i have no idea what to do ... background : i'm an infj and my neighbors ( the husband is an entp & wife ... jehovah's witnesses neighbors ! ! ! i have jehovah's witness neighbors and i'm so confused i have no idea what to do ... background : i'm an infj and my neighbors ( the husband is an entp ... i have jehovah's witness neighbors and i'm so confused i have no idea what to do ... background : i'm an infj and my neighbors ( the husband is an entp & wife esfj ) they both took the test and ... lol thanks ; it is supposed to say when you question your sanity :) you know when you are an infj when : 1 . ) you read this thread and want to post something just as substantive as the last so you spend hours to days thinking so you only have to post once without ... i'm the same way as many have described above , however , only with people that utterly have my trust 100 % on everything or one particular area ... i have to date banned / shut / slammed the door ... this is my main frustrating problem with intp's ... i feel the exact same way all the time ! you know what is weird is these same people i am overly nice to say to be i am too nice and need to grow a backbone then the next they say i'm too assertive ... this is me to a tee ! i would suggest to really try to make her feel at ease an infj way . like if she is interested in animals maybe taker her to the zoo or something . the only time i know people are interested in me is ... :( about tiger . how ironic though i got my cat when i was in third grade too . i was just thinking about him when i saw this topic . if you don't mind me asking how did you deal with his death ? i ... i agree ! when people say your so harsh or why are you so tough with me , and i say it is because i respect them and see their potential . i am tough on everyone , tougher with my friends and ... since , i was in grade school teachers always say i would make a good lawyer . i wanted to for long time mostly because i have good debating skills . however , the older i got the less i wanted too go ... yes , i love cats ! i have four and my favorite one , tiger i have had since i was 8 :) why are you assuming so much ? one i never really had to re-do my prioritizes because as an infj i already tend to put everyone else before myself so it was easier for me to put my son first . when did ... just as mature for you to play the age card . at 21 i'm getting my ph d , have a 4 bed 2 bath , 2 car garage with a pool & a car paid off at 21 . i got my aa at 17 before i finished high school ... 1 . ) the differences have to deal with which form of the mbti are used ( ex : in russia the way their questions are worded or designed more could be prone to being an infj where as in jung's theory and ... i was raised by my grandmother and she is an isfj and yes i agree with all that you have said . great mind think alike . :) that is rather ignorant of you considering 1 . ) your a male and have no idea what it is like to be a mother 2 . ) do you have any kids . 3 . ) do you have your phd ? i have a son and completing my thesis ... hermione from harry potter is a girl infj ( i think ) i say this because i highly identify with her . what was the name of the actress or her name in the lord of the rings , who fought in battle & killed ... that is so true , i have had an intp male say something similar . i was so confused because i always thought of him as much more mature than me . : confused : actually , i do deliberately open up to my professors and the other one of my two thesis professors ( who is an intj ) always says when i dowhy did you tell me this it irritates me that she doesn't ... my major is psychology and want to go to grad school for cognitive / neuroscience or social psychology . do you get anything done , like to , like organization & schedules ? ( intj ) or do you always forget or don't like to do , b / c you have too for w / e reason ( intp ) . take what i say with a grain of salt i'm ... my problem is i think people know me to where i really believe they know me and then i find out they don't and its crushing . for example i am 21 and how bout one of my 2 thesis professors ( full blown ... just curious , didn't you know what jobs were avb . for someone who has their ba in english ? to get any decent jobs in english you have to go to grad school , or do journalism . lol , i actually have said that to a couple of intps i think it is because of a cohort effect . meaning esfj women in your grandmothers day are totally different from the esfjs today . plus , you grandma is older and prob very wise , while i think most ... i think it is because of a cohort effect . meaning esfj women in your grandmothers day are totally different from the esfjs today . plus , you grandma is older and prob very wise , while i think most ... ditto expect for me it was 20 + years lol interesting , i have heard these and similar things things mentioned in this thread . maybe it is because infjs are the most t like of the f's . hmmm ... i agree 100 % for everything you have said : tongue : in addition , for me anyways i would add anger motivates me , people telling me i can't do something , people who don't see the value in helping people ... esfj women ! ! ! they are the typical girly girl , with the high pitched voice and say like omg , like totally , a million times , giggle about anything and everything , and to me are effin air heads ... what do you do when you realize they started to research you . i noticed this when an intp friend was watching how i cut a steak when we were eating out somewhere and since i seem to notice him ... for me and i think most infjs would agree any form of communication energizes us . when we initiate conversation ( via im , e-mail , etc ) and we do not get a response as fast as we would respond we take it ... my professor is an intj and ... lets just say she had a recent dui ... i think we could be friends if she was constantly drunk , with her dui i wouldn't be surprised if that is more often than i ... i do the same , but sometimes i feel like a coward or like a hypocrite for having a disconnect with what i am thinking and felling and my lack of action to support it . does anybody else have these ... i understand and feel your pain ... i basically and currently have the same problem . ugh ! ! '