' infj : elsa from frozen or kurama from noragami infp : madoka from madoka magica or ahiru from princess tutu intp : akiyama from liar game or stein from soul eater intj : light yagami from death note ... humm ... i only recently realized that i can be flirty when i'm having a good time . it's mostly just laughing , smiling , telling jokes , and showering the person with attention . i'll do this with guys i ... you know you're an infj when every time someone makes you mad or sad , you attempt to figure out their motivation . usually you find that they were stressed out , misinformed , or otherwise not hurting ... the vowel sounds in japanese are very similar to their sounds in spanish . which is why it's mahnga , not maynga . :P i think armin is probably an nf . i'll admit that his ability to strategize is beyond my own as an infj , but i know a lot of infjs who have a more dominant thinking side than me . another reason i have ... warning : says weird things and flails . engage at your own risk . i feel like liar game was written for intps . it's psychological and very analytical . monster is another hidden gem that i think intps would enjoy . enfp eyes are always full of excitement and curiosity . ^ _ ^ i love enfps , ha ha ! ha ha , i just thought of this to describe myself and my intp friend , when we try and debate : me : ... and so , that's why i think blue and red make purple . him : what about green ? how can you ... * cracks knuckles * my favorite manga are usually the sweet but weird romantic comedies . i sometimes like to believe i'm into dark , serious stories ... but who am i kidding ? none of those even made ... ehh ... i just can't see light as anything but intj . for one thing , he shows almost no sympathy for others , even when he was manipulating misa into dating him . i think this kind of apathy would be very ... some things i am interested in knowing is : - where do infj's typically hang out ? where there's food ! xd or , quiet places like home , coffee shops , online writer forums . lol , but if i knew where ... well , i never thought i would like entps , they sounded irritating and full of themselves . then i had an entp professor who hated everything i believed in , and i still thought he was attractive . he ... ... i have an inner child ? : o i never thought of it that way . i guess my inner child would like for my homework to be super easy so i could get it done in an hour , and then i could go hang out at ... ha ha , yes , this is me all over . i'm great at writing dialogue , plot , and developing my characters , but my description always leaves something to be desired . the problem is i don't think about it ... warning : tells stupid jokes and then laughs at them . ha ha , i have an intj sister . my other sister ( isfj ) says that sometimes she has trouble telling us apart if she's not looking closely . like , for example , we sound the same walking into a room , and ... i really identify with ni-fe-ti-se . here's why : ni : basically , i love ni . i use it when i'm daydreaming , analyzing , writing , talking to people , etc . it can make me feel really happy or really ... i guess if you know you're a strong extrovert and that you feel energized by other people , you're probably not infj . however , when it comes to ni vs . ne ... i have this theory that ni + fe = ne . perhaps ... humm , well , i'm not an expert , but your description sounds very infj to me . a lot of what you said resonates with what i've noticed about myself as an infj , and what i've heard in the descriptions of ... 93353 93354 i'm wearing a wig . ^ _ ^ tip for girls : assume a guy likes you if he's talking to you . weird , but kind of true . especially if he gets nervous or self-conscious . i'm actually pretty good at picking up on when someone likes me . however , i'm bad at telling if someone is lying , which is supposedly an infj trait . xd if i do sense someone likes me , i'll usually ... lol , i love romance anything . xd i read some of nodame cantabelle , but just couldn't finish it . i really liked orange marmalade and last game though . * pulls out list of favorite movies / animes * nineteen , twenty-one ( manhwa ) guy was enfp , girl was infj very cute love story . ^ _ ^ kimi ni todoke kazehaya is a total enfp . so attractive ... thank you , i'll definitely think about the online dating thing in the future . i'm in my 20s , but i'm not sure i'm ready for that yet , lol . which site did you use to meet the infj ? thanks for your help everyone . :) it's true . i can usually spot enfps by sight , and if not i'll be able to tell after we've talked for awhile . :) i can also spot infjs . we have such strange eyes , lol . sometimes i look in the ... ha ha , i hope so . ^ _ ^ i'm at a business school , so i'm surrounded by sjs and nts , but maybe once i enter my teaching career field i'll meet an enfp or two . * sigh * i really wish i had that kind of relationship . i think the closest relationship i've had with an enfp was with my college advisor , and i've only met him once so far . someday i'll meet one my ... aww ... :) yay ! =D * snuggles * ha ha , snuggle attack ! : kitteh : take it from an infj : we love guys who are sweet . kindness is a very attractive quality . ;) hi . :) i just wanted to say i love enfps ! you're funny , smart and so friendly , and you make me smile . i wish i knew more of you in real life . :) sorry , just had to get that out . xd have a nice ... humm , this is interesting . i never really thought a guy could be primarily attracted to intelligence . i mean , all the surveys and anecdotal evidence i've heard say that guys love beauty and ... carepolice yeah , that would be nice to have a good friend . :) however , i'm just wondering ... is there a chance he won't be able to get over me ? the thing is , i'm kind of pretty . i'm not trying to ... aww , that sounds cute and deranged at the same time . xd he does act distant , but mostly because he's nervous . i do the same thing when i like someone . he's really nice to me , though , and keeps ... why will i inevitably fall in love with him ? carepolice thank you . :) what do you mean by saying he'll hate himself for liking me ? that's kind of harsh . i also hope he doesn't decide to be completely disinterested in me . :P we could be good ... thank you . :) if i met an intp who acted like a puppy robot , i might just fall for him . xd thank you for your reply . i'm probably not going to be getting direct with him anytime soon . he hasn't made a move and , honestly , probably won't unless i give him a lot of encouragement . i would like ... my hair . it's a pretty red color and lots of people like it . i think it's how people remember me . :P other than that , lots of people think i'm intelligent but naive . one of my friends told me i ... i believed this was true until the below poster admitted he was duped . : laughing : yeah , i'm pretty gullible . ha ha , yeah we can admire each other's profiles . xd iamtp thank you . :) i don't think he'd have the courage to ask me to do something one on one , lol . but if he ever does , suggesting group activities is a great idea . i'm glad to hear that intps can ... humm , i see where you're going with this . it might just encourage him to like me more though because i'm showing interest . :P but i suppose it's better than awkward eye tag . btw , i like your ... thank you for your advice . i kind of wondered if friendship might happen over time , once he got used to me . since intps are very logical , i imagined he might eventually decide we'd make better ... hi everyone . :) this guy i know who is probably intp likes me . we don't know each other very well yet , but we attend the same group . i'm not even sure why he likes me , because all i did was ask ... i know this post is old , but you sound a lot like me . :) i think my dream is to work with people and help them achieve their potential . i love helping people , and i enjoy tutoring . i'm currently ... '