' snicker all you want . :P snickering won't make me an istj . awww , thanks ! ! thank you very much . :D i have fallen off the face of the planet a couple of times around here . now that i have decided to give the forums another go , i decided it was probably best to reintroduce myself . so , hello ... your type is isfj introverted - 44 % sensing - 100 % feeling - 88 % judging - 22 % if the isfj is my shadow then i am an entp . odd i have been leaning more toward that lately . i wonder ... i have considered it in the past . however , my se function is far too low and my ne is much to high . the reason i some time come across a sensor is due to the fact that my si is well developed and ... this is not an intp thing because i know quite a few intp gamers , me being one of them . i have two gaming platforms , a wii and a ps3 . i hope to round out the three with a 360 in the near future . ... i am not an intj , but i always have multiple tabs up . right now it's facebook , twitter , my gaming wiki , pc , infj forums , and google . that's excluding hulu , which i usually have up and running , but ... i do not believe in souls . i find it very unlikely that our consciousness can survive without the brain to sustain it . i do ! the vast majority of my friends are male because i can relate to them much better , for some reason . the female friends a do have are intjs or infjs ( the close one'e anyway ) . i have never been ... i was raised in a very devout protestant family . methodists to be exact . i never cared much for the belief in a higher power , but did what was expected of me . when i became old enough to make ... yeah , i am a little young to have played when they came out . so , i am just now really getting into them.though , i have larped v : tm for a couple years now , on and off . this kind of reminds me of the virtual adepts in mage : the ascension . yep , i am showing just how geeky i am by bringing up old world of darkness . plus , i doubt very many people even know what i mean ... you still believe in me - the beach boys now i'm here - queen a king and a queen - okkervil river we used to vacation - cold war kids just a car crash away - marilyn manson eli , the barrow boy - ... i am not quiet , and it takes a lot of effort for me to be quiet . it's not so much talking as it is moaning and such , with the occasional fuck me or maybe an order here and there ... it depends on ... i want to be able to control and manipulate sound . along the lines of the marvel villain / hero songbird ( also known as screaming mimi ) . i think i prefer he power as songbird , because it has more ... i am a bisexual intp . like it has been said in posts above , i do not believe that intps are any less likely or more likely to be gay / bi . i really believe sexuality has little to do with type ...  i am a very sexual person and over the past few years i have experimented with different types of sexual relationship to see how they all worked out for me . i do not have any issues with one night ... the god delusion - richard dawkins the end of america - naomi wolf fight club - chuck palanhiuk twilite - stephen jenner i obviously have a problem with reading more than one book at a time . fanfarlo the middle east the tallest man on earth trying to find something to do at 9:00 in the morning . this is a time of day i usually don't see . objectivity is best , and i try to channel that most of the time . however , i find that some things have to be looked at subjectively . it is whatever i think fits best in the situation . the little drummer boy - sufjan stevens i have finally found my christmas spirit . i am very strongly attracted to entps . like someone mentioned in an earlier post we tend to bounce off of each other incredibly well . it's really nice . i am currently dating an entp and have a very ... from my experience with enfps ( which has not been good , mind you ) i have noticed they all really like to do that . my mother absolutely refuses to focus on anything she has done wrong . she even goes ... nightlight a parody - the harvard lampoon philosophy : who needs it - ayn rand next on my list : love is a mix tape : life and loss , one song at a time - rob sheffield utopia - sir thomas more ... i have another :  ...  zooey deschanel ... yeah she was charlie on heroes . and , yes , i have a thing for cute red heads ;) . deborah ann woll ( from true blood ) ... i think i love you ! i'd say so , yes ! but , i can't kick mine off . he needs his gaming fix before he goes to the field for ten days . he leaves tomorrow and i will have the apartment to myself . little big planet , here i ... watching my boyfriend play modern warfare 2 and my roommate play company of heroes . i do believe i have died and gone to gamer heaven . now if only i could get some quality time with my ps3 and god of ... hanging out with my boyfriend's marine buddies . my friend had a similar issue . she ended up filing a police report . they caught him , i am not sure how , exactly . but , i suggest calling the police . it is harassment , after all . dita von teese ( burlesque dancer ) dayna delux ... yeah , up in the right hand corner where it tells you if you have pms . here is my new one : i am in love with dita von teese ! when i saw this in the unread posts list i did not realize it was in the enfp forums . oops ! if i had realized i would not have bothered to post . recovering from my first encounter with a military wife . ( no offense to anyone here who might be a military wife . i am sure i was annoyed by her just because she is female and seemed astounded by the ... would you enjoy getting a super intense , promising , passionate and genuine love letter / poem even if you were to never find out who sent it ? i am not a big fan of mushy romantic anything , and ... i am the oldest of two . my younger sister ( istj ) is seventeen months younger than me . 6 . i have good days and i have bad days , but things are getting better with each day . it's really nothing i can't handle . listening to death cab for cutie , surfing the net , waiting for my boyfriend to get off work . so essentially , nothing . si , most definitely . the first thing i noticed about blake the first time i saw her on tv was her legs , and damn she has amazing legs . that's one of the first things i notice about most girls . i know a set of identical twins and their personalities are in no way identical . one is an esfp and the other is an istj i am sure there is the potential for them to come out with the same ... my mother is an enfp . - insurance agent my father is an istp - mechanic username : devildoll mbti : intp ( high t , moderate n , low i and p ) enneagram : 5w4 '