' as an entp , i can't stand to spend the time to deeply master any one thing . some recent interview experiences make me feel like this is a flaw . i was thinking about the phrase jack of all trades , ... i'm starting to look for a possible career change and i was wondering : what's the ideal job description for an entp ? hi , i am a clueless entp who needs a little help figuring out a simple thing to do for valentine's day that would feel appreciated by my isfj wife . ideas ? please ? here are some starters : 1 ) hey , want to go learn how to ___ ? ( you can put almost anything in the blank x96 we love to learn how to do new things , especially with others . the best activities ... excellent question ! i actually love to make plans , but i rarely follow them . i think i like planning because it allows me to create mentally before i jump into a project . i love , love to do ... i love being showered with information , but i can't stand the news because i think it is overly-emotional and dis-informative . i've been actively avoiding all news sources since the election and i ... when you feel lonely because you can't find anyone to debate an idea with you . i used to test as an enfp for many years . i realized that because of religion and other cultural pressure , i would often answer in a way that i thought i should answer , which yielded a feeling ... thanks for all the replies so far . it's amazing all the ups and downs i've been feeling , and it's nice to know i'm not alone and good to get a sense that it takes a while . i've been working on his ... my dad died this week . nobody this close to me has passed away before . i don't know what to expect . i don't understand what is going on in my mind . my brain feels paralyzed . i code for a living ... your situation sounds pretty hard ! i won't pretend that i know what you should do , but i understand a little of what you are feeling . here are some things to think about : you've mentioned ... i highlighted all the red flags . nobody is perfect , but every human being deserves to be with a person who doesn't need to change or fix their partner . nothing is wrong with you . today is my last day on the job before starting a crazy new job in a few days ! i'm a brewing pot of giddiness / nostalgia / hope / anticipation . looking for a new year's practice that's fun to hold on to and gives you real results ? a few years ago i learned about the new year's vision , a creative alternative to the dreaded resolution . with ... thank you thank you thank you for this extensive and detailed post ! i took lots of notes and i've already started to use this advice and it's working ! last night my wife was up very late making ... this made me laugh ! thank you for the advice and example ! hahaha ! this is such a classic isfj response ! i shouldn't have to tell you my feelings - figure it out yourself ! yes , i'm a smart guy and i should be able to figure it out , but here i am 20 ... thanks for your answers , they are much appreciated ! she gives a few reasons : family is more important , and often her friends don't seem to understand the challenges of raising kids . making ... hi , i'm anenfp married to an isfj . we've been married a long time and we are prettyhappy , but i'm always looking for ways to be a better husband , and frankly , even after 20 years my wife still ... hi , i'm an enfp married to an isfj . we've been married a long time and we are pretty happy , but i'm always looking for ways to be a better husband , and frankly , even after 20 years my wife still ... i have my isfj wife proofread my emails . the other thing i try to do , and this is really hard , is that if i feel really excited about an idea , i make myself sleep on it . if i'm at a ... i am an enfp married to an isfj . i confess that i had to learn to like many of my wife's attributes . i have been often confused by her strong reactions to my flighty and off-the-cuff ways . but , ... i like your wording better . it's about touching base , not about getting the other person to agree with me . if you want a flavor for how the voice stuff works , try searching for asmr on ... i'm curious to know if enfp's have a predominant love language . in case you don't know about love languages , a love language is the way that a person naturally likes to have love communicated to ... i wrote this recently for a friend and thought i would share it : care and feeding of your enfp who also has a love language of physical touch : e they want and crave company . they need ... ix92m an enfp male married to an infj female . we are happily married after 15 years . i found this thread while searching for advice on enfp / infj relationships looking for ideas to make it even ... '