i believe every type can be a femme fatale , it depends on the person mom - entj dad - enfp or esfj nina sayers - black swan shinji ikari - evangelion rei ayanami - evangelion tomoko kuroki - watamote i was kinda creative when i was a kid . but now i'm completely uncreative to the point of affecting my life . i'm trying to improve it reading a lot magazines and fictional books . being sociable at work . there are many jobs that don't involve dealing with the public but the boss insist that to get the job you must have excellent social skills . i try very hard to be more ... in a world pure and full of pretty landscapes  i daydream compulsively i understand you . i was like you since i graduated in school , until i found out that i wanted to be a librarian , a career that combines and respects my personality . 566322 intj . i have very strong ni moments . but not infj because i completely lack fe / ti me too ! i never care about the lyrics , what matters to me is how the song makes me feel i'm overly sensitive with music , and the instrumental ones tends to relax me , while the vocal's songs ... the bully type disgusts me a - river flows in you - yiruma me . i analyze so much with my fi , that i forget i have aux . ne she could be an isfj it's not an unique trait of infj's . i'm a confirmed infp and i'm like this . i cannot stand the stress of outside world during much time . even my body begins to suffer , not just my mind . ... lol depends on the day . what i cannot stand is cloudy days infj , isfj , esfj . infj are good people , would understand us because they also have the infx strong idealism ... xsfj have strong fe to make shy infp's feel comfortable , are understanding , and ... no way enfj is the best option for us , infp's . all of our cognitive functions are opposites . and they look like they care about you , likeable , but they are so with everyone , down deep they really ... kyoto , especially in the spring ( you know , the pretty cherry blossoms ... ) you should develop an extroverted function . maybe ne is not the best alternative , since it's a perception function ... i know ... it's not easy i have the same problem and i daydream too much ... but ... it's not possible someone be an infp and a bully 540170 5400 66 540082  5400 90 me . i consider myself in the darker side of infp . i'm also very independent , but not in the extroverted way , it would be in a more ' loner wolf ' way ... i don't know why , but it's natural for me i ... socionics explains it . there are two infp's subtypes , the fi and the ne subtype se and ti it's just a stereotype . any personality can be deep , it depends on the person not the mbti type . it's the fi dom . language ifp , shy , daydreamer , extremely sensitive , delicate this i take things seriously when it hurt my feelings or personal values , otherwise i don't care . although i'm terrible at creating jokes , i enjoy a good , clever sense of humor . i'm really that shy enxj , xstp , esfp i love rainy days so much i suffer from it since always . in my case is involuntary and causes me serious routine's difficulties . i'm trying very hard to improve it . i feel like my daydreamings help me to smooth the day by day ... i'm curvy and petite yusuke urameshi from yuyu hakusho ikki from knights of the zodiac prince phillip from sleeping beauty my hair is dark brown develop ti i would change for intp . they're very clever , and their ti make them very rational . they are not so sensitive ... no . in my country is prohibited . but if i could i'd like i'm 19 and exactly like you . infp and any friend neptune you are dreamy and mystical , with a natural psychic ability . you love music , poetry , dance , and ( most of all ) the open sea . your soul is filled with possibilities , and your heart ...