' greetings to all ; i hope you're all having a pleasant day , americans , currently sleeping peacefully . glad to meet you . what would happen if the air we breathed was 100 % oxygen , rather than 20.95 % ? ( ignoring the fact that co2 must be expelled and be a part of the whole make up ) that's a good point . they were , weren't they . focusing on the negative consequences of their actions which they didn't give much thought about as they did them , or didn't do them . ah yeah , that's ... i'm glad someone's seeing this subject from the same angle as i am , and i'm thankful for your post . i hope your sister ... you know . she has you , and you seem understanding of her . i watched that , ... than you , i appreciate that ; hope all is well with you today . come on , not knowing is half the fun what , was that like the motto of your college ? read something once , somewhere , that if you're always searching , you'll never find what you're looking for , ... you know some people have this whirlwind of confusion ripping around their head , deep anxiety roiling the stomach , pounding on the heart , deep dark depression , bleak , hopelessness , suicidal ... haven't been on here / first post in three years winona 697986 6979 9469799 4 i can't even remember ; last two girls i kissed were not good , so i pretty much stopped that bec . it grossed me out , carried on w / the other thing . promised myself i won't do anything like that again ... gotterdammerung go for it man last time i went for my haircut ( at a hairdressers / salon ) i showed the guy this picture , do it like this , i said . 696506 ( he was the owner , & not at all like ... i was thinking about this a few months ago , can you be ' spiritual ' ( peace & love we are all one , practice tolerance , understanding ... ) and do something violent - can i justify it to myself if i had ... defender of light that's interesting ermenegildo that looks quite cool . how'd it look if those two guys were actually trying to stab them ... they want us reliant , not standing up for ourselves . registered w / a certificate that you've passed a course in gun-safety / defence . i have a forest axe not two steps from my bed ( not bec . , it just ... i mentioned the yoga teacher police shooting bec . riven posted a young turks video , i was also thinking about those , 3 , i think , police officers who shot a man 41 times ( bruce springsteen 41 shots ) ... isn't it odd that the three musketeers fought w / those swords do you carry a knife and / or gun for self-protection and peace of mind ? ( make this a little more open-ended ) why did you decide to ? would you carry a knife and / or gun for self-protection and peace of ... the mad hatter i inhabit a body which is male , though i don't ascribe to the idea of manliness , of what it means to be a man . i have dark shoulder length hair and prefer to be properly clean-shaven , feels cleaner ... tryptaminedream i'd be very interested in talking with mckenna ... then taking some psilocybin mushrooms a robin hood type character with a bow & arrow , like an elfish / good folk kind of lightness of food and ability to blend in with the trees , unable to be seen when it suits me . maybe a bit of a ... aaadd edison it seems that way , doesn't it ... ( stares off at the window ) :/ chad 86tsi good point , i didn't think of that luna lovegood the moon aldous huxley the buddha goldberry sily it would be interesting but dangerous to live next to hunter s thompson ( i'd always be on edge ) i like his human population control ideas riven shivering , wave of heat through my body , sickening . go cenk . the young turks first they put away the dealers , keep our kids safe and off the street . then they put away the prostitutes , ... i could ( theoretically ) , gladly and happily go off into the woods ( or into the mountains like zarathustra ) , find someplace quiet where i can finish my book in peace . a hobbit-hole or log cabin ( & all ... good point attic be inclusive . have this feeling or , idea , that everyone , can i for simplicities sake , as you've said above ... go w / it like this : not exclusively but ... nfs - serving the ... where would you like to start ? a . ) a global catastrophe occurs , the governments fall , the aftermath too much for the police , they go home to look out for their families ... b . ) some politician or ... could we narrow this down into themes , categories , types of problems ? mushr 00m #psilocybin #mckenna ? it's okay i wasn't offended . were you basing that opinion on yourself , infps you know in real life , on here ? i've ... gone into this kind of thing a lot . and it vexes me when people do things which ... i'm not like that at all ! i almost cut my hair . it happened just the other day ... it was getting kinda long but i didn't and i wonder why . i feel like letting my freak flag fly a long , long time ago i can still remember , how that music used to make me smile ... i can't remember if i cried ... but something touched me deep inside ... the day , the music , died . if your neighbour was famous , who would he / she / ? be ? living or dead so if i said john lennon , i'd have zombie john lennon living next door okay , joking living or dead , anyone from history , if ... where did you think that title was going if 0.6 % of the population were psychopaths ... and of those , only 1 or 2 ( or whatever it is ) were ' acting out ' psychopaths , and the rest ' functioning ... if you want to have a good laugh out loud watch bill burr specials ! there should only be one of us , maybe two , in each generation of a community . came across this website a good while ago that said what mbti all the ex-presidents were . i scrolled down ... so can't remember but i probably kept my eye out for an infp , don't think i saw one ... i don't mind , i think they're crazy . running everywhere at such a speed ... i'm a loser . i'm a loser . and i'm not what i appear to be ... ( in the eyes and from the perspective of the everyday , person , i'm a loser . everyone's got jobs and houses and getting married and ... windows wide open , the airs close and warm , a soft pattering rain started to fall which i was enjoying - then a rumble of thunder broke out from somewhere up in the sky . nature's subtle music is , nice that's interesting . how do you mean ? would you care to talk about it ? i've had those experiences ( and hope to continue having them ) , they come when they come , you can't force them , but reading ... allyrah hi . maybe you're waking up , starting to see through the illusion gotterdammerung i'm with you there brother . i want to isolate myself from ' society ' , involvement with people , towns and cities , and everything that goes with it . i'm sick with it all . i want peace & ... oregon ! you're a laid-back person who thrives on independence . you'll love the seasons , nature , and open minds in the wilds of oregon . think i'd be more suitable to living in america . monterey , ... australia wouldn't come to mind when thinking infp . i was thinking about this the other day . wondering which countries would be more suitable for an infp , or an introvert . the norwegian , ... '