' solange knowles - crane in the sky sent from my iphone using tapatalk it's a grandma boho chic . i have a tendency into prints especially ethnic print , somber dark colour like oxblood , burn orange , oversize palazzo and a good tailored top . baggy not slouchy . 606890 ... oh my what a coincidence . i was venting out something similar like this . just to vent out about things that happening to me lately . me and my cousin are pretty close because we basically spend a lot of time each other and we call each other everyday to ask hows your day ... things that makes me excited 1 . travelling in general and even it means riding a train everyday because you'll never know what ur gonna see and bump into . 2 . bookstore and i feel like a ... i am currently in the same situation right now . it happen on end of may where the company i work for made an announcement they need to cut down to 40 people out of 200 + staff and we just need to ... currently i am facing the similar problem , in which recently i got retrenched due to economy is not doing well . this was my 3rd job in 4 years and i have only been in a company for 2 years . i keep ... venting a negative feeling , i hate when people expect me to smile . i only smile if there is a good reason behind it but if you ask me randomly to smile then i wouldn't smile . thanx for posting this question , how i see through people is basically through observation for example something that i have been noticing about my colleague which is a lady is that whenever that ... sometimes i just hate facebook and the reason i still have it is due to connecting with my close friends and other family members . i am thinking of deactivating it because sometimes i feel that i was ... tired by the end of the day because the cubicle that i am sitting is an open concept so you can hear everyone . i am much happier when i am walking outside . 5 movies .. 1 . babel 2 . train man 3 . nana 4 . ever after 5 . chef + music i like listening to my ipod while i am commuting to work . it can be any song and i am open to all type of music basically + photography something that i have venture out recently ... i am not sure about my situation though but currently i don't know if this colleague of mine is actually hates me or what because when she is talking with other , she was being soft spoken and nice ... no , because i am battling my own demons which is my insecurities . i always feel that i wasn't good enough or pretty enough in some way . but on the other hand , i feel that my interest is way better ... it's up and down the hill most times and currently , down and descending from here . anyway what chanteuse says made me think that maybe i need to sort of think ways that makes me happy , ways to get ... currently i have this bad attention span where i cant stand long hours watching tv . the most it would be 10 minutes and then i would probably get restless and moving on to other things . moreover , ... for a short-term it might be a good idea , in a long run we probably just hate ourselves due to familiarity and moreover there is nothing new to learn . i guess in general most of people feel the same way despite whatever your mbti but i guess it hits the hardest for an infj due to being perfectionist and to find someone who truly accept and ... instinct ? . i have this thing in which when i get to know someone and by rough conversation , i will know if this is going to work out or not and if i know it's not going to work out i will keep ... firstly , thank you and secondly really ? ? ? . i always thought myself more of a wall flower and a loner . i totally get what you mean because i do felt sometimes that whenever i'm in a current stage when you are meeting new people , i try to go out of my comfort zone by extend my friendliness and ... thanks for the opinion , i used to have this habit where if you don't like to help that i will do it all by myself such as by researching on my own in regards to the problem . i am getting sick ... how do you move on from the end of a relationship ? by cutting ties with that person in which you it does sounds like a terrible punishment but i find it that is the only way that you don't linger ... gotta love this top 5 characteristics - curiosity - a conversation never gets boring and dry . - tolerance / open-mindedness towards others - loyal - through thick and thin that person will be by ... lately , i have been facing this similar problem where i am new to the department and i have a habit where if i don't understand things , i tend to ask my collegue who is much experience in this . my ... till today i am in love with ai yazawa works especially on nana and last quarter . i always imagine that nana was more of introverted character . thanks for the opinion , currently i'm in the midst of getting to know someone but i feel that the more i know and the longer it gets , it just occur to me that we have nothing in common and maybe i ... the only conversation with strangers that happen to me is when a stranger ask me a direction and it becomes habitual sent from my iphone using tapatalk infj females , i was wondering , if for example you in the moment of getting to know someone and halfway you feel that this person is not what you expected and have nothing in common , do you still ... something that i have been struggle for a long time . i would always think the worse case scenario of everything . i guess i suck out people happiness sent from my iphone using tapatalk i had met two basically who i feel that somewhat similar like me . one was my sister's bf who is enfj . we had the same thinking and thought process . i find it weird at first but i did notice that ... there is no such thing as a perfect person or perfect relationship . when i was younger , i do believe on the idea of soul mate but as i'm getting older , i no longer believe in such thing because human ... humility with humility , you will go far seriously ? isnt it too obvious then ? warweasel sent from my iphone using tapatalk todays progress after much of what happens . he totally ignores me today . he would talk to other girls except for me . yesterday was all good and i do not know what had happen . sent from my ... thanx for the reply . i hope he will say something before its too late intherockies sent from my iphone using tapatalk i find it weird because we do have normal conversation and he didnt stutter all but cant he just say like hey im interested at you , wanna have coffee sometimes ? . icingonthecake . it is getting ... since you mention , i just realise if all this while his action may sound creepy but he is not that creepy . i dont have many males friend and i'm not sure if a guy in general would do this kind of ... hey there guys , just need your opinion , i am pretty bad when reading a signal where if this dude likes me or not and sometimes my instinct ( being an infj ) says that he likes me but i have doubt if ... i wouldn't say infj relationship hopeless but it was more of what you want in a relationship despite whatever mbti that person has which can be either a compliment to you or polar opposite . i think ... frank ocean is an infj and i have been a big fan of his song and lyrics . it always sound somewhere deep and different . 1 . ) is there something that you've always wanted to do or have been interested in ? broadly , specifically , a journey , creation , vocation , etc ? . i have always been interested in travelling and taking ... middle ground blunt sometimes i do go blunt on someone because i feel that you can take it but in the end i feel bad because its like i dictate how you should live your life . i remember last ... dear collegue , i am sorry if i am being way straight forward to you because that is who i am and moreover i am just being dead realistic thats all and sometimes i wish that i didnt say nothing at ... one thing that i notice that when we basically talk , some people just don't get us and moreover we tend to think above and beyond of things which does not only things that happen now but instead a ... i am not sure this is manipulative but i will normally talk something which maybe interest them just to get their attention and just to have close relationship with them or if i know someone for a ... neurotic about orderliness . make sure that everything at its proper place especially stuff at my room and moreover if things are no align at display shelves , i would probably re-arrange it at the ... i don't have much of nightmare but a dream but my dream is pretty seasonal . there this one time my dream will consist of babies and kids and now is just a jumble up of everything and i don't really ... i don't mind helping you as a colleague but i hate when i get orders and at one point i feel that i am being used out of my kindness to you . i feel that my responsibilities add up and whenever i am ... '