' hiya , you do strike me as infj from some of your answers . what makes you second-guess it ? did you read a description of the infj characteristics , can you relate ? there is a nice blog out , called ... but at least there seems to be a little glimpse of willingness to reach out . try it . give yourself the chance . 12 steps is not religious , it always tells you to find what works for you and you dont ... unfortunately there is no other way than quitting using . try one way or another , but try something . addiction is like a ticking time bomb , it can destroy you . like i said , if you decide to try ... when you think youre too unimportant and uninteresting to come up with a clever reply to such a thread . i can really recommend 12 step groups ; they have a good approach and it is a self-help thing - no therapists . if you want to know anything about it , please do ask me . i will gladly help you if i can ... its very exhausting to look at someone , even through video meeting on a computer screen , and * feel * their turmoil behind a calm mask as a knot in your own stomach . and nobody told you that other ... i would gladly trade in my dreamer gene in order to get some extorvert's doer gene . lol sure . i always say , i got to sell my dreams to stephen spielberg so i would make some money finally hehe . i guess fe , since i am an infj and i want to be understood like i understand people , i cherrish the most when people make an effort towards me . infj and mermaid - this is spooky ! ! ! last night i dreamed of a world of sea creatures living under water , i was one of them . we were chasing a liquid that would give you super powers but some bad ... i cant tell you why , but from the way you write you rather strike me as infp . i am there too . i guess its all about getting into someone really a lot and forgetting to let them know about it . thats introverted me anyways . i started out by designing avatars and signatures for other people , maybe thats something for you to start ? hi there and welcome ! hope you find what youre looking for here . i heard somewhere else that the mbti types also have shadow types - that would be estp for us . dunno , from the description it sounds pretty unhealthy if we went that way ... unhealthy , yes definitely . 4w3 possibly but infj - i dont think so ... just my guess at the vibe of the person . wall-e house of sand and fog hiraeth if you take the enneagram test from the top of the page , it will give you three results - your tritype . thats basically the top most 3 types you scored . its very enlightening actually , i am : ... hi indra , welcome ! some of my friend are enfps i really admire when people can be extroverts :) i'm bored . hello infj :) i am also infj . film editing is a pretty creative thing :) welcome aboard ! i am owned by five cats and soon will add some slugs to the zoo :) im from a different country , so i cannot tell you anything about the current situation for teachers in the us etc . i used to teach private lessons , english for german ( dyslexic ) school kids , ... im another german , i speak english and as a third language i learned latin . i took a course in dutch as well . nice to meet you , fellow infj :) welcome ! i can relate to the nature and animal thing ... got 5 cats :) phew , and i thought that only happens to me ! :D as others have pointed out , i could not stand the thought of killing any human or esp . innocent animal . but i must admit i find something is utterly wrong with the natural order ... i mean the fact ... this is one of my latest images , done with poser , bryce and photoshop . i got an entire harddrive full of those ... this is difficult for me as we have different type edutional system ... i finished school , went to university and got one minor grad , but it is nothing i could get a job for :( i am member of a 12 step group , there for i believe in a loving , caring higher power . i do pray and try to envision my higher power's will for me to the best of my abilities . i am not religious as ... i have a problem listening to extremely extroverted people . i mean , i put the in in introvert , if you know what i mean ! so i am in the role of the listener , can hardly follow the loops of the ... welcome fellow infj :) hi and welcome , i am pretty new myself . wow esfp , being a strong introvert i always admire extroverts ! thank you both so much ! we shall read each other ... hi all , im really glad i found this place here , i was desperately searching for people who are also interested in the enneagram and the mbti . i am uncertain about my mbti but highly likely its an ... '