 greetings . i battled my way through the evil errors just to welcome a new irish member . i'm 19 which is legal drinking age up here in canada . even when i've been around people / friends who were drinking or smoking marijuana , i felt absolutely no pressure to do so . sure i've had people ... i'm not even curious about trying drugs either . i haven't even tried alcohol either . i prefer staying in full control of myself and i find other ways to have fun . yes , nobody will be able to withstand the power of our wharrgarbel . cat always tastes better doesn't it ? way to be different from every other family celebrating thanksgiving . : tongue : my favorite swear word is refuckulate . yeah , i get those too . where would a spam thread be with a tribute to the snow plow man . welcome to the cafe . a more important question is : do you think cats taste good in gravy ? i started catapulting infps to the moon a long time ago : tongue : oh great , here comes another one . : tongue : i hope you have fun on the moon since that's where i catapult all the infps . i think my new promotion calls for some party music . i hate being pressured as well . if i'm deadset against doing something , there is absolutely nothing you can do to change my mind . if you try to pressure me too much , i'll just end up leaving . well , i know in at least my case , i like having similar interest as the person i'm dating so we can go and have fun together a lot . the two biggest things for me in a relationship though are trust ... welcome to the cafe the one they call excellent , another one i can catapult to the moon . it is , you get to create your own ideal society up there with the rest of the infps . welcome to the cafe . i hope you enjoy your stay on the moon since that's where i catapult all the infps . welcome to the robot army . remember to attack responsibly .  i seem to go through phases around people and my outward appearance . at first , i seem all sweet and innocent so i'd say 9w1 at first ( especially around people with some kind of authority so i can get ... me too , i seriously thought that johnson was gonna knock koscheck out but it was an entertaining fight except for all the fouls . i loved saunders's win over davis . i love those knees . i searched on mcgoogle . : tongue : where's the fun in it just being in your heads when you can truly live it everyday ? : tongue : yep , you're unique all right , just like everyone else . : tongue : well the infps could always use someone to do all the building for them , maybe i could send him up after all as long as he doesn't bother the other infps . : tongue : i won't be going along but i do catapult them up there so they can create their own ideal society there without worrying about what's going on down here on earth . you'd like that wouldn't you ? : tongue :  welcome to the cafe . beware the nfs , they're trying to take over the world . they've already started with this forum . here's a big smile just for you . that it is . i mean , i'm sending them there so they can create their own ideal society . : tongue : welcome to the cafe mandarin . how would you like to join the rest of the infps on the moon ? welcome to the cafe . would you like some pie ? it's plenty of fun up there . i let the infps create their own ideal society on the moon . welcome to the cafe . now why don't you step into this catapult since i catapult all the infps to the moon ? don't worry about tipping mr.cafebot though , he's an automated response and won't mind if ... then why don't you laugh so hard that you cry ? that way you'll be able to do both . : tongue :  welcome to the cafe . beware the f side , evil things will be done to you if you go over to their side . 