' : blushed : i love your choice of words , i joke all the time about how i am no good at being domestic . you pretty much nailed it otherwise , great advice that i will certainly keep in mind ! thank you for your input :) we seem very compatible so far .. i find a little humor in the fact that we are both commitaphobes and we have reached this point :) i don't know what his enneatype is , ... just curious how you all think this relationship might turn out , i am going to try it .. there is a certain estp friend of mine that has been growing on me lately and i think he might actually be ... who said i don't have an awesome ass ? exercise incentive lol haha ! it is more of an insanity workout i guess ... : laughin : amazing what late night cardio does for a person's health .. : wink : : wink : 4 here .. i believe in bubble baths and cardio myself lol 439914 ^ this ^ 439906 always have a plan to kill everybody in the room lol the look of a serial killer keeps people out of the awesome bubble if nothing else :) looks good on you ;) i sport resting bitch face most of the time .. you're rocking the badass look : cool : we are a rare and illusive creature .. when you are left wondering what the hell just happened there is a chance you crossed our path ;) my eyes are always getting me in to trouble ;) 439410 istp totally getting one the end of the month ... i was told i couldn't do it , reason enough . :) istp sourpatch kids . not what you are thinking i am sure ... :) perfect size for a companion dog that can travel with you that is not going to take up to much room , or be so small that you worry about it getting hurt ...  australian shepherds . they are awesome . friendly , smart , dedicated , athletic , long life span , perfect size , pretty ... yeah , something like that ... i pretty much have a fuck it attitude all the time ... i like to have fun , being mature is overrated . so yeah , for my birthday the end of september i am getting my first tattoo as a gift to me , i want it to be cool and unique , i will not get a tramp stamp , i think i am going to get it on my ankle . i ... sitting on a park bench on my computer enjoying the alone time and listening to awesome music .  i thought it was just me ! haha , i did not think there was any trust to betray :) awww ... thanks one of my favorite perc members , i enjoy your company as well ;) when you can walk away from a 10 year relationship and not shed a tear . ... when you stay up all night looking up info on like 10 different meaningless things , just to lose interest in them the next day ... trust me - don't tell me what to do . kix cereal , pepper-jack cheese and crackers ... yes , together , no i am not pregnant ... just my own kinda special :) did you know , for being a genius you are not so bright ? :) if you have a painting party , but do not invite anyone because you would rather do it yourself ... haha ... good enough ... tomorrow then :) if you made a deal with someone would you hold up your end ?  i am not good at typing people , but some peoples presence just pisses me off ... it might be as simple as that . keeping quiet is probably not offending them , i am going to bet you are misreading that ... stop trying so hard . '