grandpa 2390 haha . yeah . just when i think i know enough about this — i keep finding that there's still much i don't know . i think of myself as having more fe than other intps — do i think i ... thank you for your input . you might be right and i'll ponder on that . but i had a particular special method to accelerate the process . imagine someone researching all the advice on developing ... well , to be honest , i wanted someone to relate with . it's been a few years going around different intp forums and i've always related to the other intps on uncanny levels . but these days — i seem ... i do this inferior fe thing better than other intps . long story short : i spent more than an entire year reading about and doing what i can to develop functions . my fe development accelerated around ... haha . when i mean challenge , i find everything that is intellectually fun a challenge — like explaining things . and i really love explaining things . sorry for the misunderstanding . you're not ... if you're intp and religious , i have two questions for you . oh boy ! something i can answer . let me take on your challenge nc0re . feel free to ask me questions . i promise i'll be a ... am i the only five here that relates ? but then again it might have more to do that the rest of my tritype ( 3 and 9 ) tends to adapt to what other people view . i had some problems figuring out what ... it may be possible that many people see themselves as 5s or 4s because they're the most introverted types . and where do you find introverts ? often lurking around the corners of the internet . much of ... i remember i was asking some lady about life advice and somehow we stumbled into the topic of my relationships . she said to be happy x97 you had to be close to family and friends . i told her i wasn't ... when i'm bored , my mind starts desperately finding something to analyze . often with nothing much to do x97 i have this habit of double checking the accuracy of my beliefs and looking back into past ... lady kaizoku please post what series these characters come from . i can't google them well . i also added descriptions for people who don't know them . x97 l ( death note ) . the best detective in the ... probably low temp most of the time . i've always been more of the contemplative withdrawn type . though , strangely i can switch to high temp at times . that's how people get misconceptions about me ... i can feel it when i get too big ass that i know more than someone else . i feel it sometimes when i say a pretty big claim about my knowledge or a radical opinion x97 only for myself to find it false ... never . i have a resting slight smile face . it started last year when meditating i felt so damn happy , i never knew such a thing was possible . but only about 20 minutes during the practice . the ... i've tried singing lessons for a year . mostly broadway , as my teacher says my voice was perfect for it . i don't go to those classes , but i still sing ridiculously well broadway songs from youtube ... when i was a child , i was still introverted . prone to reading books in the library . dinosaurs ? hell yes . fun facts about vehicles ? sure . damn origamis ? of course . i read those children's books like ... interesting ! especially charlie.elliot . really in depth answer . krayfish . an enfp type 5 ? i believe i've seen another enfp type 5 around recently . sparky 2929 . maybe you two should ... well , i know my type but i'll try because i like questionnaires . even if i know my type , these kinds of things still allow me to learn about myself in more detail . some people seem to interpret ... 539 . i guess i relate to being sensitive to exposure . back when i had mental health issues , i didn't communicate them for years . the 5 wants to withhold knowledge . the 3 wants to look the ... how does the combination manifest differently from the usual ? how does the enneagram show up in the functions ? or even if you're not one yourself , but know someone who is . i'm curious . i don't really have a problem with explaining things in my head . my conversational problems have more to do with that i tend to ramble on off a lot and place unnecessary details — though i'm much ... i find it strange that my dreams tend to be depressing these days in contrast to how my waking life is getting remarkably better . in the last week , i've been in a moderately good mood for much of ... accepting emotions are done with awareness . how could you accept what you're not aware of ? it's like trying to pin the tail on a donkey you can't see . when people ignore their distressing emotions ... hi , so i came up with an 8 question mbti test , which i have now updated after testing it out on this thread : can i tell you your mbti type based on 8 questions ? i'd like for people to try out the new ... leictreon i agree with 9w8 . at first i thought you were some kind of 8 until i saw the bottom portion of what you said especially with all the stagnancy . some kind of 4 influence especially when i ... what were they like ? how were they better in the expression of their mbti type ? worldbuilding . basically part of fiction writing but it could be separate from it . creating a world can range from imagining different governments , cultures , weather , technology , history , map etc . ... result : tritype 359/593 / 935 - the thinker . — ambitious / efficient — knowledgable / wise — accepting / peaceful — intellectual and clever . you find amenable and pleasant ways to manage difficult ... ohhh , that explains my childhood pranking infamy . i have many many many memories of tiny me burping the alphabet , interrupting teachers to make dirty jokes and jumping out at people in school ... result : type : 5 tritype : 539/593 i figured i'm still dominantly a type 5 ( i checked everything with 5 ) but is it me or i could have checked more boxes if type 3 was worded differently . i mean , i ... 4.71 self ( intrapersonal ) 4.00 language 4.00 logic / math - - - 3.71 spatial 3.57 social ( interpersonal ) 3.00 musical 2.29 nature ( naturalist ) i guess i'll give thinking of something a try . not sure if it will work , but i figure i try something for you . going to agree with nc0re here . i was wrong . it's not an all or nothing process , ... i am off to explore the wondrous scientific dream of discovering the lavatory . it seems that larger animals defecate at a faster rate from the mucus often coating their pleasant outing . in summary , i ... haha . maybe people just like the aesthetic design . i've heard some people describe that they feel more at ease when the environment around them looks pleasant , clean and organized . i can't really ... lynway interesting you mentioned using ne in a way that peaks interest . thanks for that . it reminds me of some ideas . i read something about using different kinds of play or a game to make a ... i live in a kind of country where families are tightly connected . so other than my core family , there are cousins , aunts and uncles from my dad and my mom . then there are grandparents , grand uncles , ... that's common with strong ne users . ne works by finding connections with different unrelated and related info . the thing about that process is sometimes they get entangled with those connections and ... i have this weird attachment to my couch . it's my si being ridiculously nostalgic since it's been with me for years and how much i tend to go to it when i want something familiar . but sitting on it ... yes , gotta agree with you there about how it's not needed to care much about worldwide suffering that much for some roles . and it's great you're doing something . i think what matters is the well ... i'm curious . i wonder what makes the writing this way ? i keep seeing this kind of communicating in infp forums sometimes . eh , to me it's a rather natural talent i have throughout life . though , i had my fair share of having a hard time with it in tisi loops . for intps , they start with the need to learn the truth ( ti ) and ... 5 : i think i have this bias to assume that i know less than i actually do . my own idea is that there is still so much more i don't know , that other people know so much more and i don't have any good ... i had to check my resource on enneagram levels of development here for this . i remember being regularly in level 7 once , but can get into level 8 levels of distress at the worst . never really ... i'm curious , but would you mind explaining how you can tell people's functions by their writing style ? how did you figure out i used ti-fe and also ne in my writing earlier ? intp . do i like morbid jokes ? well , it's a yes and a no . depends on how ne heavy i am at the moment . when ne is in full force , lots of things are hilarious . even really crappy jokes become ... do you think that meeting people is sometimes useful even when you prefer staying alone ? do you force yourself to meet people because of that ? not much forcing myself really . i was a lot more ... going to agree with the rest of others that it's the intjs and intps . you can start with the idea that intuitives are more likely to get stuck in their heads with a lot of alone time and more ... 1 . haha . i actually did get inspiration on this story from the last of us . oh well . passes some tissues . 2 . i think a lot of the difference between you and other intps here with your arguments is ... i think intuition is only good when the person's intuition is for someone who's an expert on a particular subject they're arguing about . there's actual research done that intuition tends to be more ... 9 words of affirmation 8 words of service 7 physical touch 5 quality time 1 receiving gifts going to have to agree about the words of affirmation . i react to compliments by thinking of them ...