' someone should cheer me up , i've had a really bad day . i was missing at least a day a week in my final year for similar reasons . my parents knew how to game the system in such a way as to get me out , fortunately . but at least things are better for ... pretty much my experience with middle / high school as well . i am so happy that i was able to test out and graduate two years early . i think my life would have gone to a really dark place really fast ... i definitely relate , it happens to me even when the plans are minor , but the bigger the plan , the bigger the depression . i don't get angry like you did , i jump straight to depression . it's just one ... wristcutters : a love story : watched this yesterday and it is now probably one of my favorite movies . it plays the premise straight , and leaves a lot of humor unacknowledged which honestly makes it ... D: i know that one . i'm sorry and hope you feel better soon . i am feeling sick myself , came down with a cold and when i get sick it always hits me pretty hard . at least it only happens once in ... i know that love comes to all of us in time , and mostly i am really okay with being single ( until i am absolutely not , anyhow ) . but sometimes the wait to fall back in crush is just so ... shitty . nope , never really happened to me , i've also not particularly had a large crush on that many people in my time . one time , someone i had a large crush on put their arm around me to steady themself ... i am straight-up one of those people who needs the label before i am cool with the hand holding . hand holding , and putting the arm around the shoulder mean a lot to me , and i need firm definitions ... even if i liked a person , and this happened to me , i would be freaked out beyond belief . tell them you like them ? fine . please don't rush into that kind of touching , however . you and me both , you and me both . and what i am trying to say is that looking at this relationship from a type perspective is kind of devaluing the role of individuals in relationships . trying to decide whether or not to pursue ... honestly , in situations like this i think it's best to not rely on other people's histories with type-interaction . assuming that people or relationships will work one way or another because of their ... my sibling's so is an infj . they're a great person , we just don't do a whole lot of talking , as we're both overwhelmingly quiet-types . romantic , or any kind of relationship ? sometimes i compose texts and leave them unsent in the drafts folder of my phone . more often than not , these texts are asking people to hang out and i cannot bring myself to send them , and i hate ... me ! i am , like many others in this thread , a starer . i need to have a friendship with a person for crushy feelings to develop . if they talk to me i tend to get flustered and awkward ( i also do this ... i ping people's gaydars all the time . i'm effeminate , and i play it up a lot ( it's easier for people to interact with a femmy mask than shades of personality , especially initially , so whatever ) and ... i have so much trouble picking favorites , i know my favorite t . v show and that's about it . otherwise it's too much of a tossup . it's one of those things that i have come to accept is better just not to ask about . i actually got four compliments in one day this week , which was awesome ! the most recent compliment that i got that made my day was , actually , you look really good at hugs , could you give me one ? yup ! i have pretty bad social anxiety in general , in fact today i had to use the cash registers at work for the first time and was so uncomfortable and shy that i was lightly shaking the whole time ... everyone's life is of value , and you matter . your problems matter , if they're making you feel like this they're big enough that they matter . please , please please please please please don't do ... if you need them to step back and explain something , ask . my best friend is an intp and i feel like i tend to get too in-depth about things at times . if someone gets lost i am glad to go back and ... like codera my affect is pretty anxious / depressive / nervous / whathaveyou . this fades into the background over time , but i am a very anxious person and i find the best way to keep friends in the face ... on occasion , but even amongst my close friends i am overwhelmingly the quietest . this isn't to say that i don't talk at all , but i just don't tend to run my mouth unless i am communicating via text . quite the opposite , actually . i'm told i don't talk enough , as listening is my default mode of social interaction . a bit lonely , i'm always along on valentine's day , and normally i think nothing of it , but a lot of my friends are having a rough time with it this year and it's apparently rubbed off on me . i am pretty cheesy - - okay , i'm a total cheese ball but like others have a tendency to suppress it often . i often want to make deeply sentimental gifts , but re-channel that urge into making gifts ... so , tomorrow's valentine's day and a friend in one of my classes is having a rough time because they went through a breakup about two months ago and they're feeling lonely at this time . because of ... okay , let's get into this in detail now that i have the time . like others , i'm very guarded . most of my relationships function on me listening to other people's problems , bringing down their ... because i am me and i am a terrible person . i'll expand on that this evening when i have a minute . intp , istp , ixfx . the intp and i have great synergy , but have some trouble with emotional intimacy , in that we don't discuss our problems with eachother at length . the istp and i , however , are very ... i always go one of two ways with gift giving , go for something like the op is going for , thoughtful , appropriate , stressful , or go for something still on some level personal , but go for humor instead . how long have you been studying japanese ? i'm headed into the back end of my second year now and kanji has become significantly easier to memorize and pick up . i find that this is because over time ... dear friend / acquaintance / whateverthehellyouare , i feel like maybe i weirded you out at some point and that was never my intention . i get it if you don't want much to do with me , i can handle that , ... i know i don't . i have friends whom i enjoy seeing , and one whom i often come to with my problems , but they don't really understand me deeply or help much . i want to know someone who will give my ... full-body shot , what ? i bought some gaudy red pants , and this is a picture of me wearing them . ... it would certainly be a bit more convenient for me if i could feel romantically inclined to people that i am not really close with , as i certainly am currently struggling with the concern you mention ... how easily do you trust people ? was there any event ( assuming you are weary of people ) that made you cautious ? not very easily at all . yes , there have been several , some too personal for me to ... this is interesting to me , as for me the point at which i am all-in is the point at which i realize there's even that kind of interest there for me . it may be because i am young and really haven't ... it is pretty hard for me to say , as i've only opened myself up for rejection once , and when i did i knew what was coming , but having it put out there was a huge relief . because i always wait so long ... i have the same issue , i have direct questions in my head , but i need to ask a soft lead in or two to get to the question ( this gives me room to back out if one of their answers indicates that i ... this is very much my mo . occasionally , i need to step back and ask myself if i'm intentionally not seeing something or am being deliberately naive , but the answer's almost always no , so i tend to be ... yup , my high point is 152 , which is so peripherally on the genius end of the scale that i'm often scared to take any tests , should they knock me down significantly . but what you say is basically ... i can't speak to romance , but my best friend is an intp and we get on smashingly well . we bounce ideas off of each other , get into things pretty deeply and then fly off on random tangents , this ... scored a 71 , which puts me lower than i have scored before , but still not bad . puts my iq between 127 and 129 . that would make sense , environmental factors and all that . but that's true , if i score lower than i would like that doesn't suddenly mean that i am more stupid than i was yesterday , or four years ... for sure , i scored very very well on some iq tests in school when i in my early teens , so i always get nervous when thinking about reexamining my iq like having the number change is going to do harm ... '