how to be a good daughter to an estp dad ? seriously i have a lot of issues with my estp dad and i really feel like he's been more like a buddy than a dad and i feel like i just have continuously ... internet dating and intjs so i recently made a profile on internet dating website because i'm in the midst of moving to a new city and dating in general is often a good way of getting to know more ... i know you said intjs but to prove how much integrity nfps have - it takes me forever too - i often envisage that it's all going to be smooth sailing and all the fish in the sea etc . but the reality is ... terrible yes - i try and hide in a corner for example i saw someone i am reasonably attracted this evening i think i just burrowed my head in the sand like an ostrich i was aware i was saying ... how does an estp want to be loved nts provided that i don't irritate them - intelligent , interesting and don't think i'm crazy ( in fact often interested in what i have to say ) - often interested in my input once they get to ... yes - i like an optimum amount of pressure - not too little not too much - somewhere in the middle of the pressure bell curve thanks ! yes - i constantly get caught crying - embarrassing for myself and ... out stare him , then open your eyes wide like ' what are you staring at ' ? hmm but this could also look submissive i tend to do a lot of yoga these days because working in mostly male offices for ... amen ! say nay to the naysayers ! hmm yeah well in the end ignorance is ignorance - it is worse for the ignorant person because they miss out on knowing a lot more about the world , about other cultures and about other ways of being - ... how subjective is this stuff on your part ? do you think you may be misinterpreting some of this stuff ? fi-doms can be bullies but possibly this has some sorts of lessons for you about how to get ... :-) you asked this question on the entj forum too - are you think about a particular xntj or are you just putting it out there ? wow ! that's the exact opposite reason for why i've toned down my openness and flirting in the last five years because i encounter a lot more taken people and i don't want to offend their significant ... when i look at the entj thread i get the impression that entjs only date ridiculously high achieving people who are extremely good looking and have amazing social skills . is this true or do you ... i suppose that he helped me out a lot with work stuff and sort of professionally counselled me - i suppose that i usually keep a very strict boundary between work and life but i thought that as i was ... thanks - yeah maybe i'm just to justify explain why i do not want a co-dependant relationship ( maybe even just to myself ) and why after being in relationships where i prioritised other person i would ... also i suppose that fairness is actually more closely associated with ti than te :-) i suppose that i am also making a value assumption here - that people who would want interdependent relationships would also value a certain amount of gender equality and thinker / feeler fairness . i suppose what i mean that being a female intuitive female - it is already a bit of an uphill slog in an ' sj ' thinker dominated world career world - i suppose i see posts by female nts about having ... i love this idea in theory but i have seldom seen it in practice - i know of one otentially intp and infj relationship where i have seen this occur but still i think that the infj has sacrificed a lot ... also on a personal note to give you an idea about an nfps capacity for integrity although i've been on and asked people on dates i haven't been involved with anyone on a physically intimate level for ... also on a personal note - the istj i dated ended up moving cities for work anyway so i'm glad it didn't work out - it was always going to be about his career not mine . you hit the nail on the head ! that said i'm not sure i would ever want to 100 % commit everything to someone anyway - what about friends , family ? my career ? i'm a very dedicated , loyal partner and i ... just reviving this thread because i have a question along these lines i asked someone out ( suspected isfp male ) who i used to work with over facebook , kind of casually , i thought ( i left the job ... thankyou :-) i am aware of this theory but i'm not sure whether it applies to me :-) thankyou personal response ; my first boyfriend and father were probably estp - let me just say there is nothing nice about growing up with a string of ' dad's girlfriends ' who do not really like you and ... :-) who would this be then ? an estp ? i get it - i particularly get the idea of security from an sj - also i'm a 6w7 so the security thing is particularly appealing for me i dated an istj a while ago and i liked the fact that a lot ... good advice ! i'll keep it in mind - yeah the fact that i'm moving away is what gives me confidence to ask someone out but i realise it might be the opposite for other people - i think in the past i ... this is really good advice ! i was recently pretty interested in a guy who i'm pretty sure is isfp - i was particularly very emotionally attracted - because we have pretty similar values but the ne / se ... absolutely ! but i'm 31 so i need to get over that - plus i can commit partially but there always needs to be something uncommitted - or space to move - plus i'm an extremely loyal and monogamous partner ... yeah i think this guy might be an intj - he seems really together - i'm definitely scattered - scrawling on the backs of random bits of paper i pull out of my bag etc . i don't think i've had a lot of ... how to ask an intj on a date ? i think i have an intj tutor in the last class of my post grad degree - either intj or intp , i'm looking at moving to a city about three hours away and i think he's ... this writer seems to think that intx of both genders have the most difficulty in dating and that esxps have the easiest time , again it really does seem to depend on age - it seems to be about high ... pucca now i'm beginning to think i'm an enfp too , i often get told i'm extroverted , i love people and social situations and i do have a profession that involves lots of te ( science and law ... hi there , i'm in a similar boat in that i'm an extroverted introvert , my mum still thinks i'm an enfp but i test infp , i love people and i love socialising but i definitely need recharge time , i ... i had an estp first boyfriend - we were just too different - i think that you can only know that someone loves you if they actually say that they love you . this particular guy drifts back into my ... the intj forum might be a good place to ask ? i'm not even sure what an intj might not notice except that we tend to be quite sensitive and i find that ntjs and stjs can easily offend , often without ... i love this ! nothing like some good honest criticism ( 7 , 11 and 17 particularly apply to me ) i'm going to the isfp forum in future for relationship advice ! :-) on a more personal note i actually really like nice guys - particularly isfps but unfortunately in the past they've broken up with me rather than just behaving badly until i break up with them - also i ... this is pretty true - i think that the same thing happens in reverse too like when you feel really seriously about someone who just wants to have sex with you - this could be dealt with not by berating ... off topic but are you insinuating ni is more useful than ne ? get close to an ixfp - i don't crave intense emotions but i experience them on an almost daily level - it's exhausting and often makes me wonder if i suffer from a mental illness - but seems to be the ... probably not - yes , i was thinking of an individual and not intending to criticise the type as a whole i happen to have some very close estp relatives as well who i love but i think that if there is ... i find estps a bit too intense , especially if they're overusing fe in a bit of a manipulative way or when you look into their eyes and realise that there is just an empty husk with nothing inside , ... i suppose that i would just like to see a sense of fairness in it all , if some social things are more difficult for intj women then surely this is balanced out by other aspects life professionally ? i ... this is a very broad generalisation and does not take account the changes in dating preferences that come about with age as people start thinking about having children etc . i think that some of ... i agree with this , i thought that i wanted to be a christian for a while too but more just because i really like the idea of having a community and something to believe in - so i went and explored ... thanks ! i'm in a similar position - i don't feel that i've always been rejected but i don't seem to have been able to obtain the fairytale romances that i was seeking and i'm in a similar position ...