' thats interesting because my istj will sometimes say something so believable and straight faced that i later realize was sarcasm . with almost anyone else i can tell right away but he is a bit of a ... that is so nice ! wish my istj was more into stuff like this , makes sense that you are an isfj no , i meant i wonder why so many intuitives posted on this thread , i dont mind , all are obviously welcome , but it surprised me a little . do alot of istjs end up with intuitives ? hmm , some people tend to take that attitude when they dont get the acknowledgement they want over time . nothing against your wife or anything , i just find it annoying to hear but that may be because ... i wonder why that is aww ! yeah its never good to not get closure ... keep positive , theres so many people in the world . what is the name of the show depicted in your avatar ? i started watching that on netflix and i cant remember the title . girlfriend , wife , lover , boyfriend , husband ... did you get them anything for valentines day ? he doesnt drink . i also dont believe im actually face blind . i can relate . thats weird ive read that isfj or esfj were our best match . istjs are likely going to understand and go along with normal societal situations where intjs may challenge them . istjs are going to be more outwardly social and dutiful . they are your typical father ... probably not a bad idea but i doubt he ever would , i cant even get him to go to the doctor or dentist . im not sure i understand your rant . is this about how many people claim infjs arent actually infjs simply because the statistics and studies show that they are a small percentage of the population ? ... the purpose of this thread is to determine if its is a common practice for intps to verbally explode from time to time . heres my story : i live with my husband and intp brother ( we moved in together ... everything . i think it helps alot to think verbally when communicating between isfj / intjs . you make quick conclusions that make sense , obvious patterns ... but isfjs make other conclusions that make sense and ... oh also venting , expect venting / complaining from time to time . no need to fix the problem just listen and allow them to unload their negative energy . this may seem illogical or wasteful but its ... it sounds like you are aware of your attachment to your boyfriend as a desperate attempt to not be alone because you dont value yourself enough ( before you argue against that ... think about the ... thank you for this explanation . i dont think i would have guessed that . this will be helpful in the future i think . ive noticed an intj get upset explaining something ( rather than repeating ) and i ... id want him to choose his words carefully , you cant expect your spouse to make the easy logical jumps that you do , we take more time to process information . sometimes we dont take initiative that ... i think u are gonna have to show us i can see where an enfp could easily fall into that category . lol i find you amusing . im not sure this comment was helpful in any kind of way , unless of course the venting made you feel better . i think that is part of what annoys other types about isfjs ( our venting to close friends ... my husband and i went on vacation once and he spent it digging a cistern in his parents back yard . ill stitch that on a sampler . ;) 7 hours ? i cant imagine how drunk id be by that time i dont want to post the actual conversation with my intj friend since i feel it would be an invasion of privacy but i though my question was direct . i dont want to appear demanding . i just want to ... i know personally i feel bad if i think im being bothersome so i take a step back if i think im being annoying since some people wont tell you when you are , to avoid hurting your feelings . she may ... my istj husband is the same , i think if he had to relax for more than a day he might die . trust is gained over time . im assuming you are the young one in this relationship . shes using her sensor powers and relating you to other young girl-older guy scenarios that ended badly . over time ... long distance relationships are said to be hard because no one ever sees each other often enough . have you mentioned your concern ; that she doesnt initiate conversation . she may not realize that ... that is the impression i get , they say very selfless and kind things . sometimes i question if it is because if i was raised by intuitives or if im an unhealthy version of my type . i could just be ... a wonderful show of affection indeed ! yes it may not make any sense but tradition is deeply ingrained and it may help to just realize that holidays and birthdays are days most sensors deem special ... i want to thank you for your effort in making that connection . when people can see past themselves it can help greatly in interpersonal relationships . only possible pitfall i see is that sometimes ... to be fair he did ... since the conversation was in messenger i was able to scroll back to try and figure out just exactly where things went wrong . i cannot pinpoint the exact location where our ... this is beautifully said . the intj in question referred me to an article regarding friendship that talked about kenzoku ( a japanese term ) it implies the presence of the deepest connection of ... the friendship is important to me and its a challenge sometimes to communicate , but im willing to put out the effort because the friendship is unique ... as long as its reciprocated . im not sure what ... i think id consider an email reaching out . i didnt list it above though . thank you very much , not only for helping me , but also for seeming to understand what it is im actually trying to say . i feel similarly , i wonder if it doesnt have more to do with 6w5 than it does with isfj ( my ennaegram too ) id say low , but i suppose it depends on who you ask . i really dont understand how my original post could be seen as demanding . how do you ever see any of your friends if you and they never initiate it ( by calling or talking somewhere ) ? what kind of connection can you really stand to have if you never interact ? i would say its not negativity , its the words being considered as attacking people's character . its amazing how similar a logical and calm intj sounds like an angry and hurt fe user . the intentions ... i agree , there is always a deal breaker with romantic love . if the person becomes a serial killer or rapes your sister you will stop loving them . but in an ideal family a mother ( and father i ... when in a friendship i set guidelines for myself ... because its easy for me to give more than i get and i have fallen into the doormat type scenario before . i observe peoples ' behavior and if they ... i wouldnt say thats necessarily true ... hard is subjective but the point of the thread itself was focused on why other types perceive isfjs as negative in spirit not really in our inability or ... maybe i just have a raincloud above my head . it could easily be perception of past experiences tainting new ones . really though i just consider myself a realist , and my intj friend says that realism ... '