' 290106 i usually find that my laziness ' snowballs ' . if i'm not feeling up to doing the dishes this morning , there's probably a higher chance i won't put a load of washing through later , then i'll skip the ... a few more i like off the top of my head ... jim jeffries , norm macdonald , jimmy carr - entp robin williams , ricky gervais - enfp jerry seinfeld - istp i read a study somewhere recently that attractiveness and intelligence are correlated . and i fully agree with this . smart people are generally more attractive than the less intelligent . call it ... i call bullshit on this one . more like an inverse relationship between being unattractive and success in dating likes - attractive . really really thin . a little bit crazy dislikes - boring . fat . poor style i like to look at lingerie catalogues . that usually gets the ol pness nice and tempered the thing is , a sociopath would never ask themself that question that feeling when you click on a thread and it makes you question what the h you're doing with your life just avoid every man you meet . no eye contact . not even the guy at the starbucks counter pro tip : if a guy tries to talk to you in class just run away i don't know what ' grieving a sitch ' is ... but i had my uncle , grandad , grandma and father all passing away within a year back 2013/4 . i was more upset at how well i was coping than the loss of ... he seemed to have a genuine disdain for things . carlin ( a definite entp ) was similar but far less dark as hicks was . i would personally pencil him down as an intj , in that christopher hitchens ... he spews out a lot of shit from his mouth that is hypocritical of his own philosophical leanings at times . he also maintains frame very well , doesn't get easily overwhelmed in argument etc . i've ... the opposite is true . we as a society are so consumed in the details of completely banal shit that most people are afraid to ask big questions , find out more about themselves etc sex against someone's will = rape . there is no discussion . what the h is ' consent ' when it comes to sex by the way ? do people really ask if they can ' x their x ' ? the answer ? just do it dude . think less and do more . stop spending so much time inside your own head . if you can't bring yourself to do that , assuming you haven't already seen a doctor about ... love to talk about : - social constructs - comedy - psychedelics - sport - progression of mankind - philosophy - applied psychology - beer - the future of music i'm aware that i do this too . example - a friend helped me move houses the other day and i was about to skip out on a house party he was having for his birthday ( he hangs out with a rough crowd ) . had ... yes i do this all the time . i think we have the tendency to be more self-reflective than other extroverted types . in a mentally healthy entp , these should just be viewed as reality checks though , ... manic pixie girl ? i don't know what that is ... but it sure sounds like a fun girl to be around us young'ns don't date anymore guys . relationships in 2015 are just one night stands where you don't wanna leave their place . i find enfp females to be rather airy-fairy . head up in the clouds . they are fun to be around and know how to make people happy . they are the life of the party . i find entp females to be quite ... norm macdonald makes me laugh . care less , do more what need is there to weep over parts of life ? all of it calls for tears . - seneca left-leaning libertarian , but my opinion on social security swings selfishly depending on personal circumstances ... life goals or career goals ? make sure you know the distinction between the two . the former i have , the latter doesn't mean much unless it's impeding the former . life is meant to be lived . enfp's are fun people to be around . i think sometimes they can just come off as silly ( off the few enfp females i've met in my life ) - but always seem to liven up the party , for sure ^ here here . lo and behold an entp when they're at their finest though . very little offends me . and there's a good reason for this . i like my women how i like my scotch : twelve years old and mixed with coke people have called me out on this before . my ' verbal sparring ' or ' goofing around ' - some people write off as hurtful or trying to pick a fight as you said the thing is , when i try to reel this ... no thanks , i'm too busy . 1 ) do you ever make plans about your future ? yes , but they're changing constantly . i guess i'm always planning . 2 ) how do you perceive other people ? i think i have a keen eye for character ... i'm 22 . i don't think i've had a conventional boyfriend-girlfriend relationship yet . a lot of fooling around though . an outlandish amount of fooling around actually . call it what you will . i think ... have to agree with everyone on miss pretentious isfp ... such a pain to be around . isfp females are usually those ice queens that never give you the time of day . stuck up . pretentious . look like ... i just asked nastya and ania what their thoughts were . seems like the four of us are in agreeance i just came back from about 8 months world travel . i can honestly say i researched the shit out of so many cool places that i wanted to go ended up completely winging it and working for three ... i used to hate facebook , now i just use it to put weird ' jokes ' of mine on there last one . two . fuck it heres my last five : remember the last time you saw a real celebrity ? more than likely ... i usually swing back round to this part of the net when i'm looking to get back to basics and wanting relearn things about myself that i try to ignore anyway , welcome feelings i know all too well . i've found over time that when people think i'm being confrontational i'll just let them know that it's all in good fun ( if they still ain't liking it they aren't worth ... 254906 ' science ' is a really broad term . i don't enjoy scientific method . i also don't really care for the mathematics and rules behind the differing sciences themselves . i do find the universe ... i would oppose that he is a sensing type rather than intuitive . notice when he talks that he deals in mostly facts - rather than off-the-cuff intuition . he also very much embodies the doer mantra ... i was looking for interviews with one of my favourite comedians in jim jefferies . what i stumbled upon was an interview between jim ( entp ) and stand-up comedian / podcaster joe rogan ( estp ) . i ... i'm almost done with this book , ' the power of habit ' by charles duhigg . fantastic read . goes into detail of the reason why we do things and how we can change bad life habits that we get into . fyi , ... i'm currently working towards my degree in economics . i plan to go to law school after that . for a job , i work in a sheet metal fabrication plant in the sales department . now my career direction has been up in the air for the last 6 months or so , but today i stumbled upon the perfect resolution for all my job woes . just the thought of the solution that i've figured ... i'm actually inclined to think so . not sure if it's already been brought up in the thread , but it's widely known that entps are strongly linked to antisocial personality disorder . so yeah , i'd ... you can learn most things at university on your own . so it's a waste of time if you have no intention of getting a job , sure . it comes down to a point in your life where you just sit back and think what do i want ? . self-discipline is something that by no means comes naturally to me - and i would imagine , the majority ... '