' i dreamt i kissed a famous guy [ he who shall not be named ] . off to scrub my brain , now . goohbayh i cry too much . those old hindi movies ( kuch kuch hota hai , kabhi kushi kabhi gham , dilwale dulhania le jayange , mann ) , those romantic movies inspired by nicholas sparks - heck even x-men ... renton oh , i dunno . i ’ m kind of jealous how you could just fake it all without feeling obliged ! to me , i always feel like everyone is somehow reading me and my every moves - so i assume it ... how do you mean ? i speak like a prey , but i sure as hell do not act like one . i'm always cagey , i keep the classic defensive stature of folding both arms to your chest and i never initiated ... lavendersnow thank you so much . it means a lot to me that someone else is in the same situation as i am and not thinking of this as a bad thing ! i totally understand what you mean . in fact , ... today i got really irked over the aforementioned subject ( lol ) i was in class today when a boy that i've never met before suddenly sat beside me ( next to the boy who usually does ) . i have never ... all right . the ball's in my court now . surely my word count could reach 50k . since some of my assignments are due in november . lol but i shall juggle as much writing as i can and try to reach ... yup , it's my first time lol i suppose you don't have to finish it by day 30 ? i mean , what if the story doesn't end after the 50k mark ? and what if i haven't finish then and proceed till the 30th ? you mean this is the standard of nanowrimo ? i didn't know how far it could go . but i hope i could go without restraints lol god , mine has been long and weird and winded . lol i can't keep track of all of them and if i did , it'd drive me wild and mad and crazy all at once ! ! ! anyways . i'll try to write it as much as i ... i think i might just change my mind . i might want to jog and flex my writer's muscle by working on the nanowrimo this year . i just found an idea in my idea bank list ( yes , i have such a ... that's true . i put my bags in a different area because it's been outside . i won't ever touch it once i'm clean and showered , lol i can compromise once i'm outside – because everything ... but , wouldn't it make it easier for them to be remembered if there are 1000 trees : 1 human ? ? ? lol i was raised in a socially friendly environment , but i grew out of it and became quite ... i was preparing an essay plan that's due next week and i zoned out whilst writing it up ... i'm actually taking employment law ( see how works with my infj mindset ? ) with my business management degree . my family has a few lawyers ( my dad and my brother ) and my mom and sister worked in an ... i ’ m so glad many of you responded ! ! ! :) quite a few of you share this knack of mine — guess i ’ m not the only one ! privy i know exactly the feeling ! from that grocer ’ s teller to the the train ... lol i'm shy too . but it could be anyone really . maybe an actor on tv ? sometimes they play another character with thick facial hair or flabby arms and belly . my family wouldn't recognised them , ... i think it's my infj's knack . i can recognise people i know very easily , no matter how much facial hair they've grown , how strangely they've dressed from before , how they cover their faces , etc ... i took a while to draft a reply , lol hm , let's see ... in the first book of my fantasy series : protagonist ( s ): folancia rory phyrros or just fole , mc , anti-heroine ( ? ) mbti : esfj she ’ s an ... whoputstheirfaceonabus oh , god . yes , i know . i actually have a tissue ready to either wash my hands after i hold the door / touch the elevator button or to do exactly that . but a foot in the door ... fallingfoxes oh , i see what you mean , though . on that note , androgynous faces / features ( even voices ) really are a catch though ! i actually have been seeing some lately . one was kind enough to ... ( i'm not sure if there has been a thread like this ) so i'm wondering what's your type and what kind of thing turns you on in the search for your partner / ideal partner ? i'm an infj and i ... i'm infj and i'm from malaysia ( you know how diverse it is - almost the same as singapore , but the latter has more pronounced economy ) . i am a muslim ( raised and became one in a way ) and though i ... oh , dear god . i forgot about my excoriation tick ! it is so annoying when i have acnes and rash scars . i have it since i was a child ! just always have been pickin ' on'em ! xd hm , i know what you mean ... i think . however , i don't ever see anyone as a perfection . but once i look at someone and assess them through their behaviours and manners at one instance , i get ... she's like me . lol ( not admitting the cute part , of course ! everyone has their own kind of cute ! xd ) anyways , i'm surrounding by extrovert people in my family . but i'm an introvert by both ... i wonder about this , too . i never say inneresting , but my parents / whole family always had teased me about how i said sure . apparently i said it like the british , as in , shoor . my mother and father's got it worst , though . they can't live without having one-anti-something in their soap or whatnot . but anyway , i am well aware you need bacteria . heck , i was scolded by my ... of course it wouldn't . but it just got me all the more pissed off that this came from women's magazine . it's like it purposely feed shit to women so they'd talk shit . . _ . i normally follow the original source material of the story , which is a manga . aot has taught me that anime adaptations may as well be a marketing ploy for fans which is now happening to the manga ... oh , sorry . i assume it was obvious since his birthday has passed and many female eruri overreact ... my bad , sorry . i'll edit my post now . that makes so much more sense now . and personally i still admire erwin . definitely a personality to behold . he was the first aot character that i liked and still do . too bad he's gone now ... ... i'm an infj and my feelings are all wrecked up . i cry when i see something from that hachiku movie to that sad guide dogs commercial on tv . i am emotionally sensitive to pain , no matter how badly ... i took the mbti test for some attack on titan / shingeki no kyojin characters : erwin smith - estj levi ackerman - intj hange - enfp i don't know if i did it all right lol yeah , it is good . of course , i have banks of fanfictions over at my deviantart to remind me always of just how fast i could plot and write for characters who aren't mine ( although i do write a lot of ... no , it isn't a sequel . it's a massive rewrite because as a person , i seem to have grown a lot ... so did the characters . and the settings . and the plot twists . ooh , and the plot devices . xd ack , not this year , again . i have been meaning to join . but i just don't do damn well with deadlines . i can't even do it with my own . but i will start writing on the 4th year anniversary of ... hello , there . don't worry , i understand where you're coming from ! :) just as i told you earlier , this horrendously horrible life is not difficult , but people make life difficult . my father ... of course it is ! i don't really know why , though . it's awesome that you could clean up and be less stressed about life while at it lol interesting . it turns out many of us seems to have that kind ocd . i have them , too , of course . i like to think of it as mind-hormones because it will pass ... at least i hope so ... . _ . is ... i have always been struggling with being a writer . to me , writing was a revelation . i enjoy delving into the settings i created , the characters i grew up with , the plot twists i came up with , the ... today i sat down and started to rewrite my plotline . it's good thing because i came up with 2 new plot twists in 3 minutes . yay my purpose in life , as selfish as it may sound , is to be me and be brave being me . i think having self is good and bad at the same time . living this life means you have know how you manage both ... omg nohhh something is wrong somewhere hi . i just took this quiz online . some of the questions i'm well aware of factually , some i don't . i was hoping if someone - if not from the us , then someone who has studied its history - ... you sound like you and i come from the same household lol she's stressed out about cleaning , i'm not . i find doing cleaning really therapeutic ... and not stressful . mainly because i enjoy that it ... yes , that's mainly the reason why i start walking ' round . when i listen to music and leave my hands in my coat pocket , people from the other platform of the station might keep an eye on me because ... ... i'm craving some good writing hours and good words spent in it . also , craving eating my home cook meal of stir-fry prawn with rice ! the prawn dish has the simplest recipe : 1 ) ... that sounds interesting . i think i may have done that , too . i struggle with writing my novel and i have this ocd urges where i have to start a certain way when i'm writing , a certain font when ... '