' so i just logged on for the first time in like a year and i see this . tankz luff :) ( even though i'm an intj u bish ) wow you people are stupid now i remember why i left here in the first place i can relate to anyone , so yes .  ii saw spaarrrks i need to stop reading anthem i'm 6 chapters ahead of everyone else and my teacher's gonn be piiisssed holy crap you're adorable i don't know where the off - i adore this , just so you know hmmm oh my god frank wheeler yes please lawl , good way . siiiccckkk youtube - teeth in the grass - iron & wine easy a :) emma stone is hot and i love her dawww lmaoo it's just funny to me and i had to post it somewhere . i thought it'd be lulz if it was in this thread . jawn as a teenager aka jinamuro haddadoitbro oh ! how could i forget stephan from the science of sleep ? <3 33 first off , donnie darko . <3 33 jordan from lovely & amazing <3 33 ... yyhhheeyyy <3 yous not a teddy bear no more yousa robot D: lmfaooo uhhmmm i'm cleaning out a birthday party sooo i need to leave . oooh my god you're officially my favorite person ever . potatoes <3 looking at stuffed giraffes & food pr0nz annnddd listening to neutral milk hotel whuttafag i type exactly how i type . that's why most people can't understand me when they're talking to me on the computer . a lot of the things i say on the computer , you have to say aloud to understand . but ...  congratulations ! : happy : singing having to pee im'ing three people whose names all start with a j thinking about brushing my hair being high off painkillers :) awh poop . you should make another one . you should talk about potatoes like i did . 90 % of the time , if i see it's someone's birthday on the home page , i'll write on their wall . most of the time , though , it's only me that's saying it . : c is it possible for one of the admins or mods ... i think the fact that she is attentive whenever you speak is one of the more clear indications that she is at least attracted to you . talk to her ! : happy : hmm .. the way you described her , i ... you brought up something else that i forgot to say ! when i find out people stalk me on facebook or even on personalitycafe , i really don't mind . it's .. flattering to me , that i'm that interesting to ... if we decide on skype , keep in mind that in group chats ( more than two people ) , you can't show video ( at least in my experience , they may have updated it ) . :) ahh joseph gordon levitt . he's one of my favorites , just because he's in one of my favorite movies called mysterious skin . he was good in inception , too , but god .. that was a great movie . if you ... dude . super sexy . i've never seen ian curtis before but he's ... very attractive . but jake gyllenhaal is always # 1 . how can you say no to this face ? ... donchu put that evil on me , ricky bobby ! does that mean it's down ? it just does that for forever youtube - brand new - play crack the sky h says : good morning canada ... need me some timmy ho's ! ! wow i dont even live in canada and i feel offended who the hell calls it timmy ho's naomi says : lmfaooo omg h says : more like ... you're adorable and you have a shins quote in your signature . you're officially super cool . jake gyllenhaal . ... eating an egg white sammich mmm youtube - the postal service - sleeping in lmfao you're so cute those are ... trees .. lmfao i love this . i fucking love that movie . i am watching scary movie 4 right now . so lulz .  is it still not working .. ? '