' i'll be your friend . :) my mantra is not suppose to be understood . i do transcendental meditation and your not suppose to tell anyone your mantra . it's different than the kind of mantra you're referring to . i don't have one ... andrew.krinke this is a paper i had to write about a year ago . i could write it on my favorite movie , tv show , or band . i had to prove why it was the best . i chose to do it on my favorite tv show breaking bad ... i love you like no other . i want to be in estonia . yeah , it happens sometimes . i love cuddling .. i find it almost as enjoyable as sex . procrastination , empty , lonely . i've never been very good at it , and don't particularly like it . i've learned if you can't think of anything to say just keep asking the other person questions . most people love to talk about ... just took this one 5 mins ago .. 13148 i just got maharishi mahesh yogi on the bhagavad-gita chapters 1-6 . i recently learned tm meditation , and my teacher recommended this book . i can't wait to start reading it . i also just borrowed the ... yeah , i've also been attracted to darker things . darth vader was always my favorite star wars character . breaking bad is my favorite tv show which is kind of dark , but in a interesting way . i think a ... i don't even want to admit this , but i really seem to identify with edward cullen from twilight . we have a lot of the same qualities like being able to read people and how he acts in general . the ... i'm one . :P fairytale type of love is very hard to find . i gave up on it until recently . i met a girl ( more like an angel ) with the same birth date , and personality type as me . it's very strange how similar we ... here's the most current picture of me .. 13031 and another .. 13032 i try not to have any fears but that is impossible . like many on here i fear being alone the rest of my life , especially if i live a long life . i also fear the death of family members . i'm very close ... you are an existential thinker existential thinker existential thinkers : * like to spend time thinking about philosophical issues such as what is the meaning of life ? * try to see ... i got infp . i don't think you could top the love of 2 infp's . i'm sure i could be happy with other types though . you're beautiful and have amazing eyes ! my niece and i on christmas . the most recent picture of me . breaking bad in my opinion is the best show ever . i think infp's would love it . once i started watching it i couldn't get enough of it . it sucks that the 4th season doesn't start till july . ... i feel detached , isolated , lonely and longing . i miss having a girl to love . it's only then when the pain seems to go away . i miss physical contact with a girl and holding her in my arms . everything ... hahaha . that's what she said ! thank you . i'm very interested in transcending the ego . i feel it has to be done to move on after death . another topic i'm interested in is transcendental meditation . i hope to learn it ... i forgot to add that you can read the book free online here .. read the urantia book online | urantia book | urantia foundation on the outside i'm sure you appear that way , but i bet if they really knew you they would see how feminine you are . i get the you confuse me a lot too . i think it is easier for females . infp is looked at as a more feminine personality . most girls i meet want a guy who's very masculine and outgoing . woman say they want a sensitive and romantic guy ... i have had many experiences with lsd and other hallucinogens . i find it difficult to describe those experiences though . it's not something i do just to get high . it's a spiritual thing for me . i ... i have heard that said about plato before . i guess it's true that most people find philosophy boring . i don't bore people with my philosophical views . i rarely express them unless it's with a person ... i've read that infp's are attracted to esoteric things . this is true for me . i've always been a seeker of wisdom , especially about spirituality . i have a great passion for philosophy which i know is ... this is a dumb topic . don't forget to thank me for posting this . : wink : you're not alone . i feel exactly how you do . i even feel the physical pain from not having someone . lonely , depressed , empty i do mind being single . i ’ m not for rushing into a relationship just because i'm lonely either . i ’ ve had one long term relationship that lasted a year . in that year i never felt so loved in my entire ... that is a great story northernsky . i'm happy for you and it gives me some hope . i would love to find a infp person in real life that i could at least be friends with . as an infp male i feel the ...  not really that new , but new to me . i think i'm fairly good at dealing with criticism as long as it's constructive and not meant to be mean . i absolutely hate conflict . when i have to deal with it i'm very good at resolving it fast . i ... i just took that last night . i got a 10 in 4 and 3 in a 3 and 3 in something else . i can't remember . isn't the highest number the most important and the other numbers don't mean so much ? that was beautiful . you're a very talented writer which i'm sure you know . it's a very hard thing to describe , but you described it perfectly . i wish it was that simple . i would love to go out more and just have fun . i just get uncomfortable during conversations with people i don't know except for rare occasions . it's hard for me to ... my niece always makes me happy . i love her more than anything . my grandma always makes me happy too . other things that make me happy are .. finding this website and people like me . helping people ... '