' paradigm ohhh okay gotcha . that makes more sense . i didn't really think i fit any of those new types either anyway . but i was so confused since the order and shape of the enneagram is pretty ... interesting . i didn't even realize there were types other than the 9 or anti-intstincts . my results : sp – “ the homemaker ” - 31 out of 40 twelve “ the companion ” ( 12 ) / tp - 30 out of 40 anti-so ... global 5 : sloan rcoen ; sloan + | r | coxn ; primary reserved ; r ( 72 % ) c ( 72 % ) o ( 70 % ) e ( 52 % ) n ( 70 % ) rcoen not concerned with public image , not spontaneous , realistic , low maintenance , thinks before acting , ... periwinklepromise haha thanks i'll do some research and soul-searching . thank you so much for your help ! haha thanks . if you can't love yourself , how are you gonna love somebody else , am i right ? :D haha okay . i won't take the order too seriously then . maybe once i get the whole picture of my ... thanks for the reading material ! :D okay , interesting . i'm not about to argue with their theory since i don't really know that much about it yet myself , but i'm not exactly sure i agree with that based on how i see my own personality ... i like how you're using mbti and freudian theory to further explore your enneagram . being an istj , i've already noticed that my 9w1 and 6w5 seem to go pretty hand in hand with my dominant si and te ... how do the 2 other types that aren't your core type work ? i know that i'm a 9w1 6w5 sp / sx , but i'm very out of touch with my heart type . i've been researching the heart triad so much , but i can't ... 9w1 6w5 2w1 ( ? ) sp / sx neutral ? submissive ? submissive dominant ? even though i'm usually the top role , i'm not usually the dominant one . i have a thing for power bottom types . i like to follow ... type 1 gryffindor - hitofuri gryffindor - sun daeva ravenclaw - piscesfish slytherin - figure type 2 gryffindor - captswan hufflepuff - uniquefinallyamongpeers slytherin - ... i'm just getting into typing others , but based on this info i'd say 5w4 , especially since you mentioned overthinking . i don't like : people who always want to argue or who get unnecessarily ... i agree . i tend to be more avoidant of conflict than most istjs so i might try to hold back any harshness from coming out through my te , but i would still rather not waste time leading someone on and ... praimfaya thank you so much for your insight and for taking the time to help me figure it out . i really liked how you described your impression . ^ ^ i guess i always figured i was too introverted ... praimfaya yeah , okay . it's hard for me to differentiate sexuality from everything else , since it is such a big part of what's shaped me as a person , but i agree that it's probably automatically ... praimfaya thanks for your input ! i've been identifying as 9w1 6w5 4w5 sp / sx for a while , but yeah honestly other than the 9 and 6 , i'm not sure . 4 is the only heart center type i think i relate ... 1 . ) select all of your fears . - the fear of deprivation and pain . - the fear of lacking a unique , significant identity . ( i wouldn't say i fear not being unique from others , but i do fear not being ... ah , okay thank you ! yeah most of the time i don't use ne at all so i agree it's gotta be inferior ne coming out because of stress . after thinking about it , i agree that i'm not in a si-fi loop , ... that's interesting , because i really don't think i use my ne at all outside of extreme stress . me being a si dom was always the one thing i was pretty sure of , since i'm very set in my ways , refuse ... so i've gone back and forth between istj and isfj quite a few times before , but i think i've pretty much settled on istj . the only thing is , i'm pretty emotional , especially lately . i think i've been ... edit : no one responded , and the thread got rated low for some reason , so i'm just gonna delete and simplify . basically , the main idea is that i'm an istj , but i doubted that forever because i'm ... imaginamry thanks for your input ! :D librarylady this is really helpful , thank you . yeah i agree i don't think i would ever really open up to anyone but my closest friend . i'll tell people trying to get to know me things about myself to ... it does help a lot ! thanks ! ^ ^ haha okay thanks for helping me clear that up . :D hello , everyone . new to the forum . basically , i've been debating for years whether or not i'm an isfj or an istj and enough is enough . time for a second opinion . i think i relate more to te than ti ... '