' for me it started when i was born , i wanted to walk so i pushed myself to learn how . then i learnt to speak the native language . and so on , the process continued . but i guess when im a rotting ... seems to fit with those who preach morals all the time . are you happy living like this ? how does it feel ? - robert greene the universe did not appear from nowhere , a greater being had to create it , even the big bang had to be made from somewhere . if there is no god or creator than we are just an accident . is it possible ... the subconcious is supposedly more responsive to our own voices . it has nothing to do with control , its about talking directly to the subconcious and making deep changes . im from the uk as well . some people set massive goals , and class not achieving them as failure . sure have goals , but when learning , look at the positives and where you have improved and focus on them . then look at ... metamorphisis is a product , i will have to listen again to see if it is male or female specific before i send details . the other products by this person are more geared towards relationships from a ... i didn't feel any different per say . but noticed differences in how people perceived me , in regards to my habits and several beliefs were changed . the only thing that really made a difference ... because they are not the sas who are the best regiment of the best army of the best country in the world . kyle grey vibe # 4 you could of just said that you support the left . same thing . ironically if the government started being honest , no-one would believe the and think it was all lies . so they would believe whatever it was the government wanted them to believe instead of the ... deny everything pretty simple really personally i will happily donate my sperm to the continuation of the gingered species . anyway that is the negitives ranted about . of course there are positives , the people that used to ignore me who i suppose i used to envy before i learnt any of this stuff and made these changes , ... the problem is a lot of people want these things , but they never d anything themselves , sorry but im not their bitch , ive not done anything that needs a phd in rocket science to do . im not splashing ... nah im not going to quit , but its just become more obvious lately . other stuff has made me notice things as well . i was doing some vibrations / energy work on myself , so i feel great . which i ... nah thats all cool dude , its your life , you have a goal , f * * king smash it . glad you shattered your reality , those negative beliefs really do create glass ceilings in our realities . if its what ... ive known people like that . other things in life suffer . i wouldnt say ostracism needs to be 100 % isolation . thats making it sound a bit more extreme . its more finding others who have the similar mindset and devoting time to them when it comes to ... i can relate to a few things on the list : 1 . you ’ re often the most gung-ho of all your friends 4 . you ’ ve never really had a problem adopting a new workout or way of eating — the problem is when ... so if an asian breeds with anyone other another asian then they are lowering the chance of an advanced evolution of human being . as if they breed with a caucasian , sure from the caucasian side the ... having to buy physical items ? oh the horror . i bought john wick 2 today on dvd from a shop , can you please explain what is so hard about that ? wtf man , i read the title of this and though heres something im gonna relate to , then i read what you wrote . im from the uk , i couldnt give a rats monkey about thomas jefferson for a start ... dont know if im right in that you do computer game development . but im going by that assumption . have you heard of elysianshadows , its an rpg game . the team behind it did adventures in computer ... its upto you , however if you set it too unrealistic , no one will be able to afford it so you wont make anything . its seriously upto you . its your drug , your choice . i know what you mean by not wanting to mention any success , im still not at the high end of the payscale , nowhere near , but i live comfortably as i have spent the last starting to get my finances in ... yeah , if you have something that is of value or do something of value . is it not upto you what you do with it , if you give it for free , what you give for free , and what you would like in return ... yep i have experienced that a lot . someone betters themselves or achieves something , there seems to be a pattern : first they call you an idiot for even thinking such a thing then they laugh ... see my above response on sharing value . also as i stated before , giving back value in my eyes should be done on that persons terms . i dont know what you do for a living , but i wouldnt feel entitled ... get good at your job , constantly build new skills , make connections . then as your responsibilities increase so does your pay , oh right i thought you meant the repayment bar . lets say it is 12k a year . at 9k a year , 3 years on average i believe unless you do a work placement . thats 27k plus interest . lets stick ... i suppose in a way , people are ignored until they have some form of value though . if they have no value , they have nothing to offer . however , i disagree with give / take . it should be about sharing , ... £ 12k a year . have you actually checked the website ? here let me do that for you for some upto date info : that is info as of now . not sure where you are hearing what your hearing . ... where as i agree with you on creating a plan . the overall theme wasnt meant to be just money , sorry if it seemed that way . it can be anything , anything that has value . for example if i trained to ... i was exagerating a bit . what i was trying to drive at was if i was piss poor broke and a low iq , nobody would ever want anything from me where as the more somebody accumulates of anything , the more ... ok im going to zoom in on thise . do you even know how sfe ( student finance england ) repayment works ? im not sure if your thinking about the american system . ive just enrolled on open university , ... lol , i would say it was built on football , but im not a football follower . although i guess id be west ham if i was . but no im not a southerner that has nothing to do with location . uk just seems to echo whatever happens in america , its annoying . but guess its part of our special relationship . if it happens in america , its sure to follow in the uk . as for refugee's , thats the ... i dunno , personally i live in britain . sure its not as traditional as it was . but there is still some thing about the country . once it loses its traditions , its just another bit of land with some ... shahada and red morfy i bet the political pillow talk would be rivetting . true , but if the west hadnt done it , someone else would . the problem with the west is that it is a victim of its own success . if it was some 3rd world shit hole , where people chucked spears at ... double post ok im about to add you to my ignore last as you keep coming back like a bad coin . anyway im going to put it simply , neither me , you or pilgrim _12 ( quite possibly , cant say for sure ) are going to ... dont bother asking , just enter the house and take everything , their food , their clothes , their motorcycle . then kit out their entire house with camp beds , and move in a load of immigrants . sell ... if you earn and make money , people start to want it . if you have free time , people start to tell you how you should be spending it . if you collaberate with others of your choosing and create ... i will give you some ( genuine ) credit there , you have never defended pedophiles . however i guess if you posted the same things as your original account , it would be too obvious . '