i'm a news freak . a total junkie . check up on it lots of times through the day , and when a major story kicks off i will follow it even more . but i am politically active in various ways more ... yes ! ! alex north was a genius . the opening 60 seconds of spartacus is evidence enough ! ! um , if you know for a fact that that person has said a particular thing or has done a particular thing or believes in a particular thing , why on earth would it be absurd to call that stranger an ... 1 ) no , i can raise the left only with a lot of tought and effort , tough it get easier the more i try 2 ) no , i can raise the right easily and at any time , the left is not effected at all 3 ) yes ... you see for me dominating the world would be such a relief : happy : my friend this not quite right . the british of today are the english , scots , welsh and northern irish . at the time of william wallace scotland was a kingdom of many peoples , many languages , with a ... the only advice i can offer is be honest in your answers , based on what you actually do in life . what i mean by that is it is easy to answer based on what you aspire to be , or what you admire , not ... my ideas , thoughts , fantasies , plans - they are very complex , exciting , engaging , fulfilling even in their own way . but it is not enough to dream . some part of the dream must come true . i am ... for standing up and fighting for my beliefs and for having the courage to hold to those beliefs and advocate the changes i believe in . for protecting my people from the dangers they face and for ... no no no ! ok , so that was a bit full on ... no , it was not worth anything , the degree itself not worth the paper it was printed on to me . in reality of course i think that when i say that , ... isfj dad infj mum infj me not much e , t or p in my household as a child ! the words that struck me most i have put in bold , where my view of myself is at odds with how others view me : - ' ' come and have a look at this problem , you are more logical than i am ' ' ( said to me ... ' ' courage is being scared to death and saddling up anyway - john wayne i am happy to go out of my way , at any time of the day or nite , on any week day or weekend , no matter the company or the location , under sun moon and stars to avoid physical exercise if at all ... interesting answer war , a few things to mull over . to be honest i can have the capacity to be the unhealthy variety of infj , probably most likely under stress , but equally can rise to the occasion ... hi war , ok , so here it is : i quite like you so far ( based only on your opening post and my gut instinct , but hey ho ) . i do , however , seem to often take a dislike to some other intjs . sorry ... i suppose that is where i most fundamentally disagree with you . i won't be indoctrinated - i don't believe i can be . i can only support what i always believed to begin with . i can see straight ... i love swing and jazz , i would happily have lived in the 30s ( along with the 50s for that matter ) , so an irving berlin song with a contemporary recording from rod stewart took my fancy ... i am really disapointed that the correct term seems to be ' ' synesthetes ' ' : wink : i had always liked the word ' ' synesthesiac ' ' , which i made up , and which probably doesnt make sense in greek / latin ... tbh very difficult for me to answer in any detail as we are talking at least 7 or 8 years since i last watched the documentaries and special features . typically all i have really retained is the ... i am a fan . that said , based on watching buffy & angel bonus features i discovered that the ' ' message ' ' i took out of those shows was the exact opposite of what seemed to be intended ... oops , my ... but what if to kill a person is not to hate them but to protect someone else ? if its nothing to do with who you kill and everything to do with who you save ? what if the group we protect by killing ... if he really was interested , no amount of ' ' going into his own head ' ' ( we do that a lot ) and detatching from life would have prevented him contacting you or doing something to show you he was still ... i dont know of course whether hitler was an infj , i wouldnt try to claim that . however , that said , i don't have too much trouble with believing it either . i can see the logic . but the response ... yes this is common . if it helps , i too wish i was more organised . the reason for this is that lack of organisation leads to situations that stress me out . so , a part of me wishes i could take ... i have done this before but only when either a ) the other person was clearly not that bothered so my lack of contact was simply a mirror of what i perceived their enthusiasm ( or lack of ) to be ... i hate political correctness with a passion . to me it has long since stopped being about equality or fairness , if it ever was . so i am predisposed to like a politically incorrect joke because i see ... when i answer as i like to see myself i get infp , but when i answer as i actually am i get infj . avoid thinking about goals or projections and go with the harsh light of day , what are you really ... oh damn it , i had wanted to post that line first : tongue : ive realised i will always feel out of place in any location and want to escape , to a degree . the problem isnt so much the location but rather the ' problem ' is within me . i feel detached no matter ... no joke friend , this is one of the best of these posts i have read . and i am an old man , so i should know ;-) i am all of those too . except i binge on drink not food , my bad :-( thats probably the reason ive changed jobs every 2 years for the last decade ... i am not looking forward to the next 30 years . ( that is the understatement of the century ) . the more my life goes on the more i seem to have to settle for increasing levels of mediocrity . and ... i find this idea very interesting , not because i feel the same but because i would normally discount the idea of being celibate out of hand without a second thought and so it is helpful to actually ... possibly slightly detached from the original question - apologies for a derail but - is anyone out there , rather than being able to describe how they ' moved on ' , in a situation where they have not ... hmm ok , how about this theory : there gets to a point on the internet generally but specifically now on pc , where it feels that with the increase in numbers that there are now ' ' too many people in ... yes , wwz and the zombies . according to almost all the posts on the ' ' which mbti type would survive a zombie apocalypse ' ' thead , no one who is an f will survive - we are all too weak minded to kill ... tbh i never actually considered previously the notion of these ' crusades ' as being a response to a threat or disturbance that specifically affects my inner world . but if i reflect on it i can ... this is interesting , as while i might think of myself as a crusader of sorts , the ' crusades ' themesleves are always in defence of something / someone that i believe is under threat . perhaps my fear of ... i have been thinking about what you wrote about angry political or religious debate threads . i don't really like them here either , in fact i avoid them . but i do have my own political and ... now that is very interesting . i was very active on pc in the early half of 2009 , made a lot of very good friendships and met someone here that i later married , though since then the relationship has ... i empathise , i never seem to last more than 2 years in a job , i hate them by the time i leave , and am often trying to find a new job after less than a year into one . monotony , predictablility or ... this is a fascinating and very tough question . i believe that some crimes are sufficently terrible that any question of the perpetrator atoning or finding redemption is no longer of concern to the ... you could probably make a case for why any type could survive , based on their skills . i understand the reasoning behond the ' ' stjs would survive ' ' argument but there seem to be alot of posts here ... ok i know this is tongue in cheek , but seriously though i am an nf and would have no interest in making friends with the zombies ;-) oh no ! i'm an infj , and true to the ' protector ' tag i would ... = = that's a really interesting post . due to my dislike of details and formal constuctions in learning i have always been put off going into details about things like fi or ni , i have just stuck to the ... oh yes , sometimes i wish i was a carpenter or a car mechanic , i love fixing things , building things , basically taking something and fixing or creating it . then i have changed that thing and feel i ... hello all , i guess that many people will encounter characteristics amongst other member of their ' type ' that they don't relate to or are very different from . we are not all just a 4 letter ...