' * tells a joke , but nobody laughs * shares a random , serious thought , and everybody laughs i think it always depends on the - sfj . however , generalizing all - sfjs and infps , i thought of the following . if an - sfj was a rose , i think the infp's angle on them would be looking up from ... interesting ... so the difference between fi and fe is that fi-users don't care if others believe the same things as they do ? ... ^ i want a shirt . i feel this way a lot , but i think i'm just in that age group . i don't know if this would work for you , ( admittedly , most of the time i say it doesn't work for me , because i ... i guess there's your reason i like cats better than people xddd i'm sorry :( i tried . i am personally very sensitive , and i totally empathize with your plight if it's how it seems to me . i try to set boundaries to keep myself pleasant , but others don't understand how important the ... old 1 . would you want to live forever and why ? most likely , if the only catch was living forever , because then i would have no excuse to stay bored for very long . i would simply have to try ... i object because nj could be chatspeak for ninja and np doesn't make me think of anything cool . t . t my social anxiety was so bad in high school that i couldn't even handle group work , but i tried out for a musical , made it , and stuck with it for the whole three months . even though i spent most of ... seriously , no replies ? this forum is really sad ! :( why no bromance , infps ? and ... whatever the girl version of that is ? ^ i want shirts . wheeze i'm sorry for my misinterpretation ! i'd feel uncomfortable giving my opinion about why you might do something , since i'm not you , but i didn't realize you were asking for our opinions about ... do you feel more afraid of people you see ? perhaps , do you see people here who are like you , and , if so , does that give you more confidence and care approaching others ? * no words * * only hugs * :( ( ( is it because i do things like this ? is it sad if i'm perfectly serious ? i am extremely confident in my ne . i think either my fi comes off as fe , or i have a strong fe . i'm fairly certain i have fi . my values are at the core of my expression . fairness and honesty are ... what does hairiness have to do with our temperament , though ? my parents both thought i was a t , which was weird , and some of my friends thought i was an extrovert . why does no one understand me ? ? oh , that's right , i'm an infp is why . xddd i love having my hair played with and getting hugs and being close to people i like and trust . it makes me sad when people i'm close to don't like hugs and cuddles , though i understand . it really ... that definitely happens to me . in fact , when i've made friends with someone i haven't felt this way about , i become very confused . this is not how relationships work . i tend to have an instinct ... hello , infjs ! this infp is very , very , very much a perceiver . because my letters are so similar to yours except in this one regard , i feel it would be a taddd bit easier to comprehend the enigmatic ... mine is an estp . true to mbti , the only things we have in common , temperamentally , have to do with our perceiving . she's super extroverted , and knows someone pretty much everywhere we go . she's ... this video . ... i don't know why i picked a clip with subtitles , but i love amy farrah fowler in any language . i can hardly be judged for my narcissism . if you were me , you'd understand how fabulous it is up here ! lolzjk ( mostly ~ ) . from what i understand , true narcissists aren't marked by a high opinion of ... i thanked your post because thread-revival , yay ! ( i figure i should clarify i'm good without judgment ~ xd not for any particular reason except that i'm sensitive . kudos to those of you curious ... * looks at title * * tries to resist temptation * * fails miserably * * cough * anyway , the actual video . i plan to quote this ... may i be neologismaker ( lowercase g instead of a capital g ) please ? :D i feel like that sponge i feel ... like a sponge ? you know how a sponge picks up all the leftover spaghetti sauce off of what is a strong , clean , white plate underneath ? and no matter how many ... it depends how he acts towards me . if he's also into me , i let him flirt , and don't hold it against him for being completely and totally awkward ( if he is ; i don't have to be ;D ) . then if we keep ... kittymobile , seamaid , i do hate this particular socionics website xd except for the descriptions of the kinds of relationships between types . apparantly infp and istp are the rather compatible ... is this analogous with infps where fi does the same thing as ti except it deals in emotions rather than logic ? ti-gathered knowledge is thorough , precise , and easily tested for truth . imagine that ... a man with character who really loves you has the capacity to do all these things , and is more likely to try , than a hormonal little boy who doesn ’ t love you at all . it ’ s not her fault to want the ... i have male and female friends who do this , too . and i'm more of a listener than a talker maybe 5 days out of the week . sometimes people just prefer to listen if they think you're interesting . ... i love that book . i'm reading mark twain's the adventures of huckleberry finn , another classic american social commentary like harper lee's to kill a mockingbird , so i guess huck finn is my ... i have a passion for puns . especially terrible ones . this morning i realized that my type's functions , and the functions of several other types , line up to create words . cheesy jokes were born ! they ... when i was five years old my esfp ran over me with her tricycle . i don't remember this happening , so i must've forgiven her fully enough that my brain didn't think to retain the memory ( or , i got a ... i want to be able to read the word , social phobia like i would the name of an old rival . oh yea , i remember them ... i remember kicking their behind once . oh gracious , it would be fabulous to ... you never have to feel lost . the thing about infps is that we can pretend to be js when the cause is important enough . figure out what you want . figure out how to get it . and you will get it . you know you're an infp when your imagination is the only place you feel safe ( which begs the question : is safety only in the imagination anyway ? ) i've tested as gifted , and i've been in classes with gifted kids most of my life . honestly , i relate to gifted people equally poorly as regular people . xd i don't see myself as a great debater or artist . i see myself as above mediocre . that is , in part , because i'm used to seeing other people better than me . i'm used to being okay with that . after ... lawlz , a better question might be : what doesn't intimidate infps * ? * obviously a joke ;D you know you're an infp when you envision exactly how you want to raise your children ... even though you're not sure if you want children of your own . xd this morning , i decided to figure out why type 2 ' s stress arrow is 8 and its growth arrow is 4 . i know 8 - ing makes me feel better , but what does 4 - ing even feel like ? i wondered . then , i remembered ... i feel incredibly safe when i'm with my immediate family or my dad's family . i am all me , all the time . i spend most of my life outside of my home and their homes trying to either create or find the ... black-coffee bitter , acidic tang , smooth like wine or a bassline twang - - peace like tea : warm memory , but , oh , so far away from me 1 . reality is a lovely place , but i wouldn't want to live there ... 2 . i'm looking up towards skyscrapers and sunshine . the sidewalks are very clean and white , like the floors of the getty museum ... this evening , i realized : i like him . unfortunately , this morning , i felt neither ugly nor stupid . when i had cats , my friends told me cats couldn't be trained , but they were wrong . dogs are easy to train because usually they try to figure out why you're saying , no . ( i think ; i know about cats ... '