' to be honest , i don't know if i would truly be capable of doing what you want your mom to do ... i don't know if i can truly let go of what i feel i need out of a relationship . for those i truly ... out of the four nt types i've always gotten along with intps the best . my best friend is an intp and i know a few others that i've always gotten along very well with . out of the four nt types , they ... for me , this gets easier the more i do it . i also kind of like to go back through the reasons why i said no and remind myself that they're completely legitimate and important . i try to use those ... i agree that this is individual for me , but i also think that it makes sense for their to be a general connection between the idea of tradition and si users . this doesn't mean that every sj is going ... well , for me , what i mean by tradition isn't always the same as what other people mean . i don't mean it in a sense of ceremonies or doing things the way they've always been done or doing ... to be honest , as others have said , i really don't think any of this has to deal with the exact type of sj we're talking about . i think it's down to your personal experience . i think any one of ... for me personally , this is a pretty complex topic . it's hard for me to say what motivates me to do good things for others . a lot of it depends on my relationship with the person . i have ... i have noticed that with those that i'm close to , because i open up more to them , they do see me as a deep person and understand my depth . so i definitely agree that the more we share things about ... i definitely agree with the part about si . that's totally how i feel . and it's something that can be very hard to get across or describe to non si types . and that's the exact reason why it's ... i do hunk this all or nothing mentality is fairly typical in isfjs , and i think it's directly related to our dominant si . we have trouble adapting on the spot and we stay very committed to things ... i think all in all you've covered the topic very well . i think a big part of the problem is how people define the terms deep and shallow . shallow always carries a lot of negative connotations and ... i've been a high school math teacher for ten years . anyone of any type can be a great teacher and any one of any type can be a bad teacher . it's just like anything else in life ... your type will ... can you give some specific examples of this ? you sound very flexible to me ! you must be very strong to work in daycare ! as i mentioned in another thread ... i know nothing about babies or ... well , you can't win ' em all , especially on the internet . i definiteky view myself as cuddly light . :) i actually think i'm very cuddly , but i hide it and hold it back a lot , especially because i'm male . i usually get along with intps extremely ... i think a lot of it depends on other aspects of the friendship too . it really depends o . if the other one cares about the friendship or not . when you do contact the person , if they agree to hang ... i think this is a really good point . i mentioned this sort of thing in another thread , and an intj and an intp both mentioned how they are really appreciative of people who make the effort to keep up ... well , i think it really depends on if you think you should be bothered by whatever it is that's bothering you . in my previous post , i was referring to things that you deep down felt shouldn't ... this has definitely happened with me , though the details are different . for me , i think what's tough is that it's so hard to make new , deep friendships . so much of this goes back to my own ... i agree with falcon 5 . one of the biggest things that helps me is not reacting in the moment . never let yourself respond to your immediate emotions . as si doms , things catch us off guard , and ... first off , ninetypesoflight gave awesome advice . as far as the short notice thing ... sometimes you just have to say no and not care what she thinks . isfjs have a hard time saying no when we ... i think my post #29 addresses this the best . i am fully aware this this isn't about me , and i would never in my life expect my two friends to look after my emotions ... sending one card and two texts ... and as i've mentioned , i was more relieved than anything else . it made me feel good to know that it meant something to her . the thing is that i've never expected a response , especially not ... and i can't watch it because i'm not home ! i'm going for the sharks , but i have a feeling your pens will win the cup . that's good to know . i usually do try to give logical advice when my friends ask for it . i try to come up with something and kick around some ideas . i guess i just usually feel like it doesn't go ... i do understand that without the background explanation of the situation ( and explaining a lot about myself , which i've left out ) , all of this sounds ( and in some ways , is ) obsessive . but i think ... thank you for that . this lines up perfectly with what i've been learning from the entp i've talked to . one thing i've noticed about my estj friend is that ... he's always helped me out with so many ... this is always something i've struggled with concerning t types . i've always felt like i've wanted to help them practically and logically ... but it seems like every time they have a problem , i can't ... it's interesting ... these are the kinds of things that my inferior ne has always been super worried about . however , what i've learned lately is that i can't let my mind get carried away with these ... i find her particularly fascinating because it took us a while to figure out her type . but i think where her intp attributes come out the most is when she's in her work environment . even though ... that's good to know . my main thing is just understanding what the silence means . i'm trusting in the idea that if i was being annoying , an intp would be likely to tell me instead of just being ... hiya intps . i haven't posted much in this forum because for the most part i've gotten along very well with intps in my life ( though i'm an isfj myself ) . my best friend is an intp and i get along ... i'm totally the same way . when i laugh my teeth show . but when i smile normally , especially in pictures , i never like to show my teeth . it looks goofy to me when i do it . but i definitely notice ... it's hard for me to say because this situation is different than how it would be for me ( i'm a guy and my dad would never stop me from dating someone ... of course , i'm also 32 ) . so my opinion may ... i wish i had read this before seeing your posts about my sj rant a while back . it explains a whole lot more about everything . i think this is a huge part of all of this . when i'm stressed , i become much more irrational and emotional and can't think clearly . it's hard for me to stay calm and make good decisions . so if ... i just ran across this video and i found it quite fascinating : basically , it's about how people of a type will tend to have similar facial ... yeah , i guess sometimes i don't appreciate everything i have . i know not everyone has these social opportunities and it can become even tougher when you're married with kids . i do have a decent ... the fact of the matter is that all types have things they struggle with . and even though some of these things are challenges , they are not things that define you , and they can all be improved upon ... one thing that i've noticed about myself lately is when there's some kind of get together that i go to with acquaintances , i have a really hard time making an exit , even when i feel like it . ... it's hard for me to answer this with you . i think it's down to why you don't feel comfortable with . can you pinpoint things about isfjs that don't seem to fit with you ? or is it that there's ... first off , i agree with sweetish . i think this is mostly about dom si and inferior ne , and i think with isfjs , this leads to over-worrying in a way that istjs don't quite fall into . in ... it may be a person to person thing . for me , caffeine doesn't seem to affect me at all , except that it keeps me from sleeping if i drink something caffeinated too close to bedtime . i don't know ... i somewhat relate to all three , but i don't relate to any of them completely . if i had to choose one , i would choose silly-serious . i think i always feel a desire to relax , ... i understand the difficulty of a situation like that . i've had times when i've just caved in and met up with them . interestingly enough , sometimes it's been horrible , and other times i was actually ... well , it mainly just helps for me to blow off steam . i feel like i keep all of the little irritations pent up inside of me . when it happens a few times , it's no big deal ... i can understand if ... yeah , i agree . when people have the desire to adapt and work together , even if it's difficult , it will end up working out , no matter what the types are . but if only one side ( or neither ) is willing ... unfortunately , even at 32 , those things are still true for me . i've gotten better at them , but i'm still working on them . i think i can relate to this from an fe standpoint in this regard : i just sent a gift to one of my friends . i put time and money into it . i really enjoy the notion that it will make them happier ... i personally agree with you that it's far easier to try to understand one of your bottom four functions by trying to find similarties to your top four . to me , this is especially helpful because i ... '