' today that familiar old feeling creeps back into my soul . the feeling that seems to come and go over and over agian . that heaviness where my guts feel like they are being ripped out of my body . ... ~ serenity is far away saw my reflection and cried so little hope that i died feed me your lies , open wide weight of my heart , not the size ~ i love to cuddle :) :) :) story of my life ... i have a hard time with this . took me a long time to realize that the walls were even there until people started pointing it out to me . i don't mean to do it , i have tried not ... i'm so confused . the only friends i have are the people that by chance , circumstances forced us together and they got to see or at least understand me a little bit . it takes a long time for people ... today is my birthday , i am 30 yrs old ! ! ! i had a pretty awesome day , thanks to my family and a couple of good friends . anyway , you wanna know what's hilarious . neither parent remembered my ... drugs and a lot if self hatred . i ran away from home multible times , even got placed in a youth detention center . got kicked out of school for never going and ended up pregnant at 16 yrs old ( i will ... bob dylan - he's so intense / comes off as an asshole in his interviews but i think he was very much so misunderstood . also marilyn monroe - i think she had alot more going on than what meets the eye ... i'm not sure how i am honestly ... i do have the ability to shut everything else going on off ( inside my head ) and let go easier than i can in other situations . i'm also selfish in bed but at the same ... i understand you completely and i wish for the same things , but the innocence is lost for some of us . like it was said before i think age has something to do with it and our own situations in life ... dogs without a doubt . the most loyal animals ever . i feel i'm evil sometimes , , i just don't feed into the bullshit anymore and that makes me cynical and hateful sometimes but i've learned to deal with it . wish it wasn't this way . buttt that's life i confess that i am turning into a total bitch . i dont like most people i come in contact with other than my husband and two kids . what the hell is happening to me ... and why am i so critical of ... sometimes reincarnation makes a lot of sense to me ... could def be possible . but anyway , , , ...  . pisces / aries cusp . moon in capricorn and aquarius rising . i don't pay much attention to astrology anymore but found it interesting enough back when i was younger to have my chart done . i can cry when i am alone .. but not around others . i have had a problem in the past expressing the wrong emotions at the wrong time . when someone gets hurt i laugh ( i feel like a dick and apologize ... high school was hell for me . i got bullied from time to time , i had many haters . i would always somehow make enemies with the popular mean girls at each school i attended by taking up for ... we are what we are when we are praying in our own say of seeking some light may the mission bell ring of our colorful dreams in the faith that everyone will be treated right . maybe i'm a different breed ... maybe i'm not listening ... so blame it on my add baby ! ! ! saaiilll ! ! ! coconuts taste horrible .. uuhhh the movie cast away was good though and i kinda like the idea of having one as a friend this mostly happens at work but ... i say what i feel and let it marinade for a while .. then when the subject comes up later and they agree with me , i let them believe it was their idea all along . catching a buzzz on my backporch , listening to my husband play the guitar :) having something happen to me that will completely make me lose my mind ! growing old and being alone . losing control over my life . having someone close to me die and me not having the ... what i like is what i like , and i like it even if noone else does . if i'm not normal , i'm just not normal , even if everyone else is ;) if people don't like what i say , they can just not like what i ... buy a house in the country and put my boys into a better school --> this will happen lose 10 pounds before may . eat healthier , start walking , jogging or anything to get my blood pumping . take ... i've tested infp each and every time i have taken the test in the last few years . when i first tested years ago i joined a forum of all types and they loved to make fun / bash infp's quite often to ... i feel safe with my older brother . i know for a fact he loves me without a doubt but he is an infj and contact makes him feel weird also so we always make jokes about it . he will come over to give ... harmless and friendly ? i don't know how i come across . depends on my mood , i'm never rude to anyone but have had someone tell me that i come off stuck up or a bitch on first impression . i'm shy ... i posted something in another thread about feeling guilty today and not knowing why . i thought it was just me , i didn't see this thread and had no idea it had anything to do with infp . glad to ... i been feeling guilt the past couple of days .. not sure what i'm guilty of . my emotions are always all over the place from one extreme to the next . i wish i didn't think so hard about every ... mystic cross ? i have it on my left hand but i have dry skin really bad so my hands are covered with crosses and lines , looks like the palm of someone 100 years old . my dominant hand is my right ... i like all the doors in my house to be shut . i am afraid of dark hallways ! ! ! i like pajama pants . so comfortable . if i'm at home i'm wearing them . i don't like wearing shoes . i don't like it ... this is one of my all time favorites . i get a little emotional listening to it . love love love ! ! ! i don't need sex so no , i would say i don't . but ... i read somewhere that 75 % of women cannot reach orgasm from intercourse ? ? ? i am happy to say i'm a part of the 25 % that can , and very ... yes you can manage your happiness . it's a choice . the one way i do this is trying to not be so negative all the time . its hard i know but it can be done . sometimes i am so overwhelmed with ... i don't like the way weed makes me feel . i over think everything and to be honest it depresses me . i see thru the bullshit in people around me and in myself . i'm very much so aware of what everyone ... don't know if this is the right thread for this but i love the lyrics to this song ... i feel like we as infp's are the odd one he's talking about .. or maybe it's just about me .. but here goes :) odd ... there is this man at work who i gives me the creeps . i have tried for the longest to keep my feeling inside and be nice to him . he is very nice to me and always so helpful but i still can't shake ... i cant choose just one .. or two .. or three . i like them all . anger - bullies , people who invade my personal space , rudeness , people who think they are better than other people . people who have no consideration for others , selfishness , injustice . laughter - ... the dirty south : kitteh : nowhereville - georgia i love pitbulls . the fact that they have such a bad reputation and are completely misunderstood is the main reason . i would love to be apart of some type of pitbull rescue for the ones that are ... i relate to this so much . my husband will say to me where are you right now ? i don't realize i'm doing it until i snap out of it or someone calls me out on it . thank you .. :) you're right , but when i open up those old memories i feel physically sick . horrible knots in my stomach and a headache . i dont ever think about any of it . it's very easy for me to ... can't edit wtf , what i meant to say was ... i have two boys . jacob and hayden i like like alexandria alex i should be cleaning my house but i'm busy doing nothing right now . : tongue : '