' nope , 21 . so i guess puma was kinda right time to bump up an old thread :D guess my age ? 135449 click for originally sized . png : ( 2560x1080 ) what are you doing ? hey <name> , doing < thing i'm doing > ? because i said so when people ask me stuff i obviously don't know either . after explaining something thouroughly : i don't ... ever since i first heard the short version of it in 1999 , i loved it . i was a 7 year old kid , not really into music then . today i like almost every style of music in its own way . though i never ...   i don't think this is what others might call the best album but it surely is for me . although i haven't yet played the game much , i do know the story around it , and this soundtrack really fits it ... i mostely listen to electronic music : dnb , electro house , trance , hardtrance , progressive house . not really the popular stuff . i also like rock music , leaning towards hardrock , punk and metal . i ... yes in the driver's seat / thread :) boo ! 88067 i don't know if he's actually been named here but one that may fit the istp description ideally would be kimi raikkonen . just watch the interviews , you'll know exactly what i mean .  ... math class ? i am exempt from math class this course year ;D summer vacation . yes , wearing my mom's sunglasses and my sister's hat : kitteh : jason bourne james bond ( as played by daniel craig ) lara croft got bored an sketched my friend's car at a university party while being a bit tipsy :P ( we had to wait for something ) right now i have this playlist on while studying a bit . don't know why , but it makes everything you do more epic . right now i'm listening to a mix i've made . at the moment ' deadmau 5 - closer ' is playing , but ' strobe ' can kick in any moment now ;) as a first guess , i would say 23 . 9w1 seems possible . i'm not too familiar with the different types yet . take it easy , estp , no need to harshly jump in on a topic i sometimes like to wrap myself in towels , lie on the floor , and pretend i'm a sock 2.50 am and fully awake . eating sandwiches but my hunger doesn't really seem to go away people often estimate me 18-19 , though i am 21 . it has always been that way . the reasons i think are that i was born 2 months early , have no addictions to whatever , avoid things that cause stress and ... not really the answer you were looking for , but last night i dreamt that i was about to do some groceries with a friend of me . then on the parking lot of the supermarket i saw a man beating his kids ... ye , harder than usual , face it , i don't give a ... you , enfp , are somewhat ' overly present ' since you started posting in this thread . the traits i have from being an istp combined with ambiversion . cant be bothered to explain right now ;p s and p you know an istp is interested in you when they open up and start to feel the need to share their feelings . another slightly crazy type , entp any type of music helps me sleep when i'm in bed . even the weirdest , hardest stuff ;) oooh can't wait to get my license :D this , very much me and most definitely this i don't have much more to add to this , seems kinda obvious to me :P people tend to describe me as a friendly , nice and easy guy . that is also most people's first impression of me . my gf calls me a badboy , but a sweet badboy . : wink : loopy strings dunno why , but it was the first thing that came into my mind this happens to be playing in my list right now : so this is what my other side is all about ? :P seems quite possible , as i do recognize a lot of these things heyy here's me : 7242072421 72422 and ofc . my avatar op , i could stare at your avatar for hours , so hypnotizing : confused : honestly , liars can go f * * themselves there's no use in lying . the truth will appear eventually . especially in interviews . i really don't see why you should lie there - this - fast reflexes and insanely accurate hand-eye coordination i realized that after i noticed that i nearly always catch things i drop before they even hit the ground . also when looking ... how hard can it be ? - jeremy clarkson the map is hiding from me , it doesn't work edit : it works again '