' esfp doing some catching up ... no irony in it whatsoever . i can enjoy fantasy as a fictional genre without ever being conflicted over it's empirical validity , as i'm sure morn can as well . it's statements like these that make me question if i'm actually just an entj ... estp i was curious and did some basic research . source so , the usa is home to the largest total population of christians , but not ... forgive me . i was feeling rather chipper that day . it won't happen again . * redresses the shackles * i take all facts seriously thank you very much . ;) he is apparently an entj . ( interview begins at the 1:01 mark ) charlotte.torres . 33 fair enough . this is a major reason as to why i dislike debating theology / philosophy . it can very easily lead to emotionally-charged counter-knowledge . props for the pagan ... haha no , i just have robotic tendencies i guess ? being inlove makes me too ... emotional , and irrational . i don't like it . if this changes in the future then so be it , but for now , i enjoy my solitary ... welcome ! maybe this video will give you greater insight into your type . i don't really fear it , i just find no need for it . i'm far too unstable and apathetic to want to put in any effort anyways - so instead , i cut my losses and save both * potential partner * and myself ... love between persons . effectively useless , but can bring both comforts and pains . it's a bit sadomasochistic in my opinion . i prefer lust , at this age . lust goes away - love doesn't . my recently seperated mother is an infj . want her number ? ;) i was just thinking the same thing haha . welcome , overtone ! infp i already know your mbti , but based on the title of the song and genre , i would have guessed intj regardless heh . my thoughts as well . it's far too simplistic and self-centered to be accurate . i think more situational questions would be effective . nothing bad to say here . ^ my mother is also an infj , and my brother did the same for years . correlative family dynamics perhaps ? ;) regardless of what form my work takes , there is always an emphasis on a sort of calculated beauty . my work is a progression of my self-growth , and one step closer to this abstract idea of ... i care much more about appeasing my own rigid standards of adequecy than fulfilling anybody elses . my insecurities derive much more from my own perceived failures of not being able match or surpass ... the envy runs thick through my veins . i was far too young and ignorant at that age unfortunately . storm of the light's bane is perfection of an album and one of my favourite's . it's nice to see ... you scored 57.5 out of 100 masculine points , 42.5 out of 100 feminine points , and 58.333 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . i think my results are too homologous to determine any ... i am scum , whether or not i blend in is irrelevant . but thank you for reiterating everything i already knew to be true . :) what ? if anything , tattoos have become so contrived that the ' coolness ' they once maintained is null . for some reason , i really resonated with that piece of artwork and wanted it to be ' a part of ... doesn't comprehend what the objective of this thread is ... maybe you should work more on developing a te than your fe . many thanks . when i return to guatemala i plan on getting it finished , and possibly new ink . :) and by ' i ' , i'm sure you mean one of your sycophants , after which you took the credit for . many thanks , i should have the clarified the actual suborder that these particular satanic laws are derived from . it's laveyan satanism , for anyone interested . yes , i had heard that about jon ... intp so ... you're a spiritual relativist ? i'm probably misinterpreting your argument . we are neither cute nor cuddly , and we prefer it that way . you on the other hand are just intj wannabes . it's okay . we get it . an enfj coming in right at the perfect moment ... a rare , beautiful sight . :') don't forget this scene ! ! one of the few movies that gives me feels . two exclamation points ? pardon me while i compose myself and stop acting like ... ja grey , you sure you're not an infj ? ;) there will always be some discrepancies ... no one is 100 % ' their ' type . i'm glad you were able to extrapolate a greater sense of person . :) woooaaah . i've never seen something like that before . i wonder what the locking system is like ! a wafer system of sorts perhaps ? exquisite profundity . many salutations . i don't see infj . if i had to wager a guess it would be intp . perhaps take a gander at this video to draw a better conclusion . stop trying to make everyone feel good about themselves and learn to make an insult . below i have listed the eleven satanic rules of the earth . if you have no background in satanism , or have a skewed view of what satanism is , you may be surprised . i'm interested to know how many nt's ... varg vikernes , is that you ? haha , no , but in all seriousness , i think this radical atheist mindset is just as dangerous as radical christianity . let's go burn churches ! vandalize synagogues ! ... fair enough , but could i ask if you believe that jesus is god ala the holy trinity , for example ? or do you merely hold that he is an enlightened messenger of god ? exactly why i'm probing this question . to be fair , the concept of god is neither provable or disproveable , at least at this point of our theological understanding . an act of ' faith ' would ultimately ... infj nothing but truths . i like your style . ^ thank you immensely . time for some auditory stimulation ! slayer - reign in blood melechesh - emissaries death - leprosy nile - annihilation of the wicked possessed - seven churches hypocrisy - the final chapter bloodbath - nightmares made flesh ( the ... the stark honesty and integrity are refreshing . i'm somewhat similar in that sense , but if i see or have been shown a flaw , i'm the type to exude competency then retreat into solitude in order to fix ... '