now i'm curious .. why do you think enfj makes such a great villain ? welcome ! welcome ! welcome ! welcome ! every time i hear about someone being written as an enfj it's as the villian .. : crying : welcome ! what type / s do you lean toward as your type ? welcome ! welcome fellow enfj ! welcome ! introverts can be social . they just need their alone time to recharge . welcome ! welcome ! welcome ! i'm willing to bet you have plenty of your own awesome . can be but not generally a tend to be unless you're talking about an unhealthy enfj . i tend to pick up on the feeling / preference of the people around me . it's not intentional , and it would ... maybe they're just clueless ? i'll just say try not to blow up . it sounds like if you don't have this talk soon it'll drag out until you blow up anyway . so maybe now is better than later ? so stupid was clever ? : confused :  : angry : haha i was avoiding the word stupid . i won't argue with your motivation :) this was awesome ! for an encore there's a link on the bottom for two banana slicers packaged together . send a text or make a quick call , then stop . let them respond when / if they're ready . next time you run into something like this you could point out that misapplying one type of test to a completely different result is a better indicator of who the least intelligent person is . efficiency is great and all , but a little fumbling shouldn't set him off . going off in public being even worse . there's either something else , or he's very immature . you're describing a narcissist i had the exact same problems with . you have to put your foot down . it only gets worse , not better . so far i kind of agree with the not so healthy enfj .. what do you do when you procrastinate ? when you buy a sleeve of plastic cups that you have 20 uses for , and none of them involve drinking anything . welcome ! happy trolling :) welcome ! so glad you decided to stop stalking and say hi . :) welcome ! i hate leg day but i'll take it over cardio any day .. welcome ! damn sheik .. worst dinner ever ! i hope the food was still good , and you enjoyed the time out .. nice to meet you , and thank you . nice to meet you . so far so good .. oops .. i read your post but somehow missed that .. all nice choices but i favor the first personally watching the daycare issue sounds like you're punishing yourself . the self guilt trips aren't easy to deal with but having them doesn't really help anything . to be completely honest it sounds like ... i've been down this road more than i care to mention .. just continue doing what you do . some people will get the wrong idea no matter what you do . if someone mistakes your empathy for romantic ... welcome ! * looking about for a net to capture wild infj with * what do you like to write about ? welcome ! you're in the right place ! welcome ! welcome ! welcome ! you'll probably find what you're looking for here . could some of that bluntness be from all of that military time ? welcome ! i love history . what history interests you most ? hello , and welcome :) i've never met a disagreeable person from ireland , but then i haven't met too many .. feel free to disagree :p welcome and good luck :) what prompted your interest in psychology ? welcome . i hope you get the rounded experience you're looking for . you were absolutely right to say no . i know the feeling , but sometimes you just can't say yes , and this sounds like one of those times . it also sounds like the family member was using you as a crutch ... i love good conversation . i think its safe to say that is something enfjs have in common . at the very least he's enjoying your conversation , and if he is an enfj then he probably already considers ...