 can i be the short bald guy ? ? a good dark beer ... a cheeseburger ... and for sweety to hurry up and get home . slightly aroused ... haha ! most erotic hot dog pic eva ! not gonna ask about the bun ... i could have sworn someone said that there would be food ... where's the food . i'm not getting naked until i see food ... bitch , bitch , bitch ... i can never do enough ! i have tequila as well ... take that ... so unfair ... ima be pissed if someone pre-destined my life , haha ! looky ... i even brought some music ... feed me and i shall follow you anywhere ... if you can find me a horatio that not only looks like calleigh but is , in fact , calleigh ... i agree 100 % a solid 10/10 of the bestest crazy ever ! i am such a wuss over chicky , haha ! bravo ! suck it , trebek ! i don't want to have sex with horatio ... he's cool and all but calleigh is more to my liking .  i'm always cornfused here so i usually just back out slowly and gently close the door ...  junior brown is one bad dude !  i really would have a hard time thinking of a more beautiful song . music , lyrics , everything is just perfect . i love this song . i had not heard this cover before . highly rated program in my field of study . cool ass city . hot chicks .  wait , no one told there would be cheerleaders ... world peace , tolerance for all things , a turkey in every oven . nah , fuck it , i just want a really good cheeseburger .  i say go for it . not the least bit unethical . unfortunately scottish americans get no freebies ... are rapes and murders not committed daily despite laws with the purpose of preventing them ? liberals typically believe that the individual cannot make right and wrong decisions for themselves , i , ... pay to play is equal opportunity , in my opinion . education and owning a ferrari may be a ridiculous comparison but just because i want to own one does not make subsidising my purchase of one an equal ... who is to pay for the free education ? if it's the parents of all the children attending school , i'm with you . pay to play is fair to me , anything less is not fair . haha ! you post violent memes and expect me to take your opinion seriously ? sounds sort of a typical liberal knee jerk response . i assume that our views on guns and or violence are on completely ... i don't recall a time when my beliefs were different . there was no defining moment that made me feel a certain way . i am self sufficient and i value independence and self sufficiency in the extreme . ... with you all the way . i would prefer no government whatsoever but i do realize that that's a rather extreme view . give me a completely honest and fair government and i would be 100 % supportive . of ... served with a guy that went nuts ( in my opinion ) and tried being a vegetarian . that was my clue that he was bonkers . good lord , he stank up the huts , vehicles , latrines . i finally had to monkey strap ... not even sure why ... 669001 nikon d3 hang onto your hat , haha ! i would have to look at the exif data to be sure but i use a canon 20d , 40d , 5d , 6d , nikon d300 and d3 . the point and shoot that i mentioned is a fuji s9000 . fuji's are ... her ex is a moron ... - speaking about complex things in simplistic terms . - laughing in the face of danger . - being a lover , friend , companion . - not taking inconsequential bullshit too seriously . 6686176686 25