' yeah you have me well summed up there too . okay , he sounds like an idiot . i'm pretty sure entps are guilty of that often enough ... the guy played you about and needs to eat some humble pie . you should arrange to talk to him properly , and talk ... she's still talking to you after 5 months ? it would have to be someone very exciting and intelligent to maintain my interest for that long , i would jump at the chance if some such character asked me ... personally i don't get very angry very often - unless i'm very tired . little things annoy me all the time but i rarely let these things phase me , i just brush them aside and forget about them . ... what on earth do you mean by no offence ? there's nothin wrong with us entps and don't you forget it ! never mind date 2 , entp female seeking date 1 with male intj here . you only think you have problems ! ! ! well , as a female entp i find nothing more attractive in a guy than when they have the balls to actually say , i like you . all too often guys are too chicken , they wait until they're sure you like ... i need motivated to get through work today :( yeah and ive decided that the reason we do that is to make other ppl feel comfortable . works well like . know the way you can be sitting beside someone or talking to someone and you haven't a clue why ... i love that we have the ability to put people at ease . our weird sense of humour , our quickness to forgive , our ability to make light of an unpleasant situation , etc . that is one thing about me that ... i'm glad to see there are people out there that actually can see that . don't make me hungry , you wouldn't like me when i'm hungry . bruce banner how can you even be sure she's intp ? and how do you even know she would b ashamed of being intp ? last time i checked you intps are always hiding part of yourself anyway ? no ? i agree - gossip bores me , i've never been a gossip myself , so that's clearly not an entp thing . ach sure tis only a bitta craic . i say shocking things all the time , but that is to make people laugh - not to determine what type they are . yeah all the time i am told that i'm weird , crazy , freaky etc . i really don't take offence to this , simply because i would rather be different and unpredictable than boring old plain jane , knowa mean ? how unfortunate that you have already narrowed down ur quest for meeting and dating an extroadinary kind of character . oh well , i guess that's me out . not that i was worried . he got banned ? haha , ... a church ? ... nah i'm kidding ! i feel like i've completed my entp initiation or something . thanks :) ahem ... now get back to thinking for me ! dare yee argue with me ? grrr but em , why did the chechen cross the road ? trying again ... ahem ... here goes ... yeesh ! ! do i have to do everything ? isn't the most important thing to think these things up ? aren't there people to handle this for us ? you--intj get ... i have just took that the wrong way ... * sobs * haven't a notion , musta done it wrong ... i demand a recount ! ah , so my answer shoulda been more like ... well in theory you should understand the theory before coming up with it ? maybe it's like the chicken and the egg question ? do you come up with the ... as an ntp i would just like to say ... mwoahahahahahaaawh ! ! ! good question . good - off putting - question . : laughing : well what of it ? einstein came up with it ? who is to say einstein wasn't entp ? maybe he was , maybe he wasn't . if he were how did he come up with that theory ? hmmm . yes i have trouble with that also . maybe it's another one of those basic theories that we don't understanddd ... i think i'm the inventor type but i relate to the selector type also . went through a bout of depression in recent months and am coming out of it thankfully , but i can't help thinking when i was ... exactly . dude just do the test , answer the questions as accurately as you can , read the description you are given , only you will know how accurate the test is based on your own perception of ... ditto , i'm entp but can switch to the i a lot . i'm entp engineer too , just putting that out there . :) read somewhere that entps have introverted spells . as am i . people never suspect it ... i like someone that can hold their own in an argument . with a sense of humour . gryffindor - 11 ravenclaw - 11 hufflepuff - 9 slytherin - 8 i am upset at scoring so low , i never score low : crying : on the plus side , go gryffindor ! and such a fun word to say ... shibboleth .. ! hey hi howdy etc yup , intps . try not falling in love with them though . : happy : and this intp guy loves it when i play along . it's what our friendship is based upon . our humour . i love that i never need to explain any joke to this guy . hmmm .. yeah you guys are kind of likeable . well done ... i really really dislike unintelligent people . haha , and apologies for butting in ... te emerald isle te be sure ... ireland ! i love the humour of intps . they're nigh on the same as the entp , what do you think ? there is one intp i know of , and he just loves being sarcastic ... but more than that ? - he loves telling outrageous ... anime and manga ? awesommme ! welcome , i'm new to this also . cool . i can write with both hands but i'm naturally right handed . when playing football i like to kick with my left leg as much as with my right only my left leg is not nearly as strong . ah man be cocky all you like ... i don't mind as long as i get to be right : tongue : yeah stumbleupon is my new found addiction . thanks for all the welcomes guys nope ... i'm pretty sure we rule matey ... hey , just introducing myself here as advised . i'm a female entp ( and proud ) and i love , love , love this website . i came across it on stumbleupon once , and kept coming back to the page , i couldn't ... consistency is ssooo boring though . '