' : o i didn't think it was trolling . i thought it was d'aww and blush . : 3 honestly , my initial reaction to that quote was : dafuq ? i've always loved the variation in words ' meanings , like tiny dialectal differences cropping up over time . does ' imprecise speech ' apply to ... weee ! ooh , i like it . i've never really typed people before , but here goes . > _ > 1 : intj . i agree . 2 : xnfp . i've always identified like mad with the second doctor . i <3 him with all the fiber of my ... oh , watching that video made me so happy ! :D i'm not comfortable driving and don't have a license yet , and a lot of his reactions seemed so understandable to me . :D that's not the right word , but ... added myself . :D hope i didn't mess anything up . i feel happiest when listening to angry music . rob zombie is perfect . the energy is so alive ! :D it's the pace , not the lyrics , it's how the beats and the sounds feel ! i get so angry when my mom ... within the past week i found out i have a cyst on my left ovary that's six-centimeters in diameter . for quite some time i've wondered about my lack of interest in sex and the fact i don't know my ... i said kill my family . but the thing is , there are only a couple members of my family that might count as the people to whom i'm close . my mother isn't a happy person , my uncle's currently in the ... kitties ! <3 also , i'm 22 but saw that lolcat as john lennon . : o but i used to have a pair of john lennons that i would wear for fun . ;) i'm going to go live in that oddly developed types page ... in high school i always put my grades ahead of my health and stuff because i was afraid of disappointing my teachers . :P i'd always loved learning about sciences and the way things worked , probably ... l0ro i am ... going to end up having endless hours of entertainment if i don't stop looking at your signature gif . * - * my favorite movie with a fantastic show's characters ... i'm in heaven . also , if i ... i am the one leaping to swipe at falling snowflakes and wondering why you're ignoring it . i am the one whose heart breaks every time you speak bitterly of life and the world . i am the one who wants ... i talk to myself a lot . xd i don't think it's necessarily just an infp thing , though . well , i don't think your son necessarily no longer loves you . in all likelihood , he loves you but just isn't comfortable saying it aloud . whether it's due to introversion , the traditional male ... that video made me happy . also the commenter reminded me of b . d . wong . ^ ^ i've had moments like that before . not sure how much it would correlate but here goes . usually when i get really upset or frustrated , i'll want to talk about it . i'm so used to holding it in , you ... hufflepuff - 17 ravenclaw - 13 gryffindor - 6 slytherin - 6 so , hufflepuff . i figured i'd be either that or ravenclaw , although i thought there was a slight chance at gryffindor as well due to ... lololololol just gotta throw out there that being an infp can be so much fun . yes , i love reading books , but if i'm trapped alone in a room without any books i will not feel bored . there are so many unwritten ... i like learning on the internet . : o i always want to learn , without the stress of expectation . and yeah , i too play an mmorpg , but i tend to do things in waves . i'm very all-or-nothing--i'm spending ... infermiera the trouble is being able to get over her without damaging our uber close friendship . i can't really unthink the ' oh snap i'm in love with her ' part , but i want to keep the ' i love my best ... turtles ! :D just ... yeah . well , i do daydream as in imagining how i want an important conversation to go with someone . the conversations that involve me saying something i'm afraid to say get the most mental go-overs , but 99 % ... so , eh , i think i'm in love with my best friend . but whilst i wasn't looking ( this would have been my senior year , when people were dying and stuff--and , unfortunately , i mean that literally ) , she ... * hug * i think i switched to biting my nails when i was a wee one and my mom told me sucking my thumb would ruin my teeth ( it didn't ) . in college i finally stopped biting my nails , but i had to use clear ... i troll only very rarely . i'll sometimes , rather often actually , say completely nonsensical things just to see the moment the person realizes what i said . but it's always directed toward an inanimate ... xd i think it was more of an oooh , i should make an avatar--wait , that's shiny , i need to go look at that--if i put a magikarp on steroids will splash eventually make a difference ? - - what would a ... you know you're an infp when your cousin starts swearing at an inanimate object and is reminded of you so much so that said cousin proceeds to tell you about it . and then you feel proud of your ... honestly , i don't know . it just sort of sounded right to me . but really , i don't know what i'm talking about . ^ ^ ; estj . * shrug * :D in my 22 years of life , i've met one person i feel truly understands me . i log into the internet , and bam ! mah homies ! i can't communicate verbally worth a damn , and , yeah , it's weird but i feel i ... i'm born and raised in the pacific northwest , so rain and darkness doesn't really get me down . i've always lived here , and i've always loved it . my mom definitely has seasonal affective disorder ... 1 ) gemini . it feels so appropriate . xd 2 ) general anxiety disorder and mild ocd , but i'm kind of wondering if that's just the world trying to fit me into their own conception of what's right for ... do the other personality types have similar threads ? or are we special ? ;P i kind of feel awkward checking the other type forums , as though i'd somehow be invading . why do they have proofs in math classes ? i get it , that sometimes you want to check that someone else got their work right , to make sure you're using an accurate base . but when you have so many ... i someday want to have a house of my own design . on one side of the house , i want what appears to be a tardis-themed garden shed that appears to be several inches away from the wall . except i want ... i'm terrified of sex . i'm okay with the concept of it , i have several acquaintances who feel completely at ease talking about their sex lives to me . it's just , the thought of sex as pertaining to ... i think my 4 wing is pretty strong . : o but , uh , i voted ' i like the smell of almonds and cherries ' . i kind of had to . xd shadowlight that was really handy . :D :D thank you ! xd i didn't even see gemini on there . but then again i didn't read it thoroughly . ^ ^ ; discoriver ah okay . just want to throw out there that nfs are still an option . we may be feeling like mad , but we sure can think a lot too . ;) ajackson 17 i look at a green leaf and think just how ... are there any videos with an infp that people could share the link for ? 139 pages is a bit much to sift through . ^ ^ ; discoriver i majored in physics and minored in chemistry , by intellectual do you mean an interest in intelligent things ? or do you mean logical in one's thinking ? i'm just curious , it seems like the ... as an infp , i can say that another infp sounds awesome . i don't know what my best friend is--she has to be something that's magical at figuring out my crazy self--but she's totally the first person ... '