' you know , i can see your point ... f types would probably have more trouble than t types to use that ti or te function , whatever you're referring to .. however , i don't think this bars them entirely ... who doesn't like adventures ? i do love the ocean , and i enjoy music with waves crashing in the background . boats are fun , but i have no distinct opinion about them . foreign ports are intriguing . how ... you didn't . what a bargain ! ( do you also come with belle & sebastian references , or was for the price of a cup of coffee something else ? ) posted via mobile device * shyly offers to adopt pixel * posted via mobile device hold on . knght , who adopted you ? posted via mobile device obsessed - nono that's not what i meant . : confused : i was just pointing out something that amused me . :P thanks : happy : that's funny , radzell has switched around the entire process - i thought that we were the ones who were supposed to do the choosing ? : tongue : haha no problem , obsessed - you're a much more suitable owner : happy : perhaps isfj ? i see that others have decided on this one too , and i agree with them . slurpees ! brilliant ! we must be equipped with only the finest and most delicious food and drink . hmm , maybe the zombies would prefer a little meat - it might keep them from feeding on the others . ... he sounds like an estj perhaps my clone armies have no weaknesses . except sometimes the zombies eat them , and then the whole situation is rather awkward . my physical powers are weak , but i will gather armies of clones to do my bidding . i want an intj ! am i too late ? are they all gone ? ? infj + infj is intense .. if you manage to communicate , it's fine ... if not , it's a painful , crappy wreck i don't want to sound flatulent or anything , but usually i can predict someone's type after speaking with them for a short period of time . this is because i have been practicing for a few years . my ... haha this thread is funny . i've been in that situation you described .. i don't think i'm anything like my infp friends because they sort of drive me insane sometimes with their illogic . maybe ... cool thread ! the first time i met an infp was a few years back , but i didn't know she was infp until last year . we didn't click automatically like you and your professor , and she and i have ... oh . thanks for the clarification . you sound like an infj when you list those things ... i am not sure that i am infp , but here is my input : i know it sounds horrible , but if i had no other friends , i would probably stick with the ... i thought that intps used te as their primary function ... i may be wrong , though . i read it on some intp forum . however , on mypersonality.info , i did get intj ... yeah , i know ... the thing is , ... 1 . relationships 2 . i don't dwell in conflict , but i love debating for fun 3 . i would point out something that is logically inconsistent 4 . i have no idea . i guess i try and pick up on others ' ... thanks guys :) i think i'm sticking with infx for now . rahh , this is all so complicated . thanks for your help though =) you seem to know a lot about this . i took that test , and this is what i got : ni > ne > ti > te > fe = fi > se > si they told me i might be an intp . so i'm in prettymuch exactly the same boat as you ... i'm taking a cognitive processes test to see if that helps . here's the link : alright . i will do that too . pi - ( do you ever get irritated logging in ? ) - directness vs . affection : i wish for both at times , depending on whether the person is being too emotional or too dry . in general , i like it when ... alistair - i value my thinking way over my emotions ... that said , i have often tested as infp , which baffles me . i haven't taken any cognitive function tests - have you got a link ? what type do you ... if it's just between n and s , i think you're n ... mostly because of the focus on the future . most sensates focus more on the present ( sp ) or past ( sj ) i believe ... also you sound like my enfj ... i'm quite confused ... i have been trying to pinpoint my type for quite a while now ... here are a few of my traits : - enjoys people - feels drained after social outings - hates crowds - has no ... you sound like entp to me ... my entp friend is very much like you . i think you're infp . this is my reasoning : nf - you communicate with phrases such as i feel and i love , which is common for nfs ( just a generalization , not always true ) i - you said you ... you sound like intj to me ... and you remind me of my intj friends .. definitely infj how do i quench my thirst for idealism / transcendence ? i don't know ... music ? but i find that rationality brings a certain balance to my life that i never knew i could have before . if infps are all those things , then i'm not infp 1 . ) cry babies - i've cried maybe five times in the past six months 2 . ) emos - no . 3 . ) suffers from post traumatic stress syndrome - no . 4 . ) ... something i find annoying about my infp friends is the fact that they don't really think about their beliefs much . they just ... believe it if it looks true . but then , this goes for almost everyone ... bands / people i like : - damien rice - pat metheny - clint mansell ( the fountain soundtrack - best movie ever , btw ) - guggenheim grotto ( song : philosophia ) - squirrel nut zippers - the kinks - beirut ... i am posting this in the intj forum because a ) i like the method of thinking that intjs are supposed to have and b ) i would like a logical answer , or at least an interesting debate . so ... do you ... '