' youtube - wayne smith - under me sleng teng electronics assembler . basically i build huge freon detection panels and mixer modules for halliburton , through a contracted company . definitely not what i want to do , but hours are good and pay is ... i was really reluctant on taking a job just a few weeks ago . and what it all boils down to is that you can quit it if it sucks . giving something a chance for a week or two and making a little ... i feel ya . i got totally bummed when i heard there was an american remake for das experiment . i remember listening to that song like 100 times a day , sooo great . drunk ! ha ! : laughing : i consider my self a punk rocker , and really stereotypically look the part . although as opposed to all the other punk kids around here are over-social , and embarrassingly obnoxious , it seems like ...  ... city baby's revenge - charged gbh why ? - discharge filth pig - ministry group sex - circle jerks flood - they might be giants you're thinking of taxi , which was a shitty remake of a french comedy . taxi driver is martin scorsese movie from the 70 ' s . i love this movie , i'm a big sucker for exploitation foreign horror . funny that you mention this i've just rewatched this movie just a bit ago , really reminded me that the soundtrack is awesome . ... i thought you were talking about stir of echoes . i agree that mp3s are lifeless , but i also find that in cds as well , they're just so boring . i've been adding some cassettes to my collection recently too , there's something about an actual mixtape ... hahahaha . another victim here . it always seems like i can be bored all day , but when its near bedtime i find everything to do . reeeally ruined my sleep schedule . i hear this a lot too . or how are you not taken ? annoys the living shit out of me . atari 2600 atari lynx intellivision neo geo color nintendo game boy nintendo gamecube nintendo entertainment system playstation 1 playstation 2 playstation 3 i took fluphenazine for most of middle and high school , if you consider apathy and being passed out all of my 8-11 grade years creativity then i was da vinci . no krs-one love here ? i'm more of an east coast fan my self , krs , boogie down productions , schoolly d , tim dog so on so forth . i have a bad habit of this as well ! i try and casually play it off , or sometimes backwardly wave or smile . i find my self at concerts more than often watching the people in the crowd more than the ... i feel like a combination of an annoying driver and someone who gets angered by every other car . but i have yet to get into a wreck , so i figure i'm better off than most : laughing : einstürzende neubauten , claude francois , they might be giants ( i can't believe they weren't mentioned D: ) , die toten hosen , mission of burma , joy division probably once or twice , but i can't seem to remember what movies . i'm usually pretty anal about not feeling like i'm wasting 9 $ so i'll sit through the crappiest of movies if i paid for it .  ... the whole london calling album is way amazing , seriously not a crap song on there . how someone could not like the clash is beyond me . you should appreciate this then , one of my favorite bands : ... dead pool - mission of burma the great divide - laibach pesticide death - sore throat turn your back - negative fx pride , faith , respect - agnostic front we're gonna fight ! - 7 seconds ballad ... another political junkie here . seems really hard to carry on a conversation with most of my peers here , nobody seems to know much or they just know very basic platforms . and older people are ... indeedy , i tend to be over apologetic , in most serious situations . i especially feel weird later when i think wow .. i apologized like 9 times for saying ' fuck ' .. don't be over apologetic . you ... i was venting my frustration in being threatened and having shit thrown at me for something as trivial as my style of dress and a hairstyle , while not completely outrageous i can understand it being ... ( rant thread ) no really . i do . i cannot express the anger that i have right now . i have a red mohawk and dress in i suppose stereotypical punker outfitting . now i expect to get weird looks ... same problems here . being recluse is what makes it so hard for me , when the opportunity comes up i get all excited ( more than often too excited ) and that sets me up for being even more let down . it ... i won't speak for everyone , but look for the odd person sitting in a corner who refuses to socialize . haha oddly enough i just woke up from a nap i took because i was dead bored . basically anything to do with change . just as an example i've quit my job 4 times and continually returned to the same one . really gets tiring , but i like that its easy and predictable , and keeps ... on a daily basis . hah . but mainly its because how truly insignificant things will make enormous impacts on me while other larger things will fly under the radar , but that could be narcissism . but ... ahhh ... high school ... really buzzes you down when you get a job that piss tests . now its just beer and punk records spin a record , walk around outside , or pace my room . maybe have a beer , and just mellow out . yeah , it seems that each telling is different from the last . i like story telling , its almost an art . i used to set down and rehearse my feelings , or how i would explain them . and i used to get upset and not fully sure why . usually after that i would sit down and try and figure out why that was , a ... ahhh ... portishead . also massive attack : 0 punk is not on the list . i am now offended :P it's basically anti-music , so prepare for your ears to hurt . hah ! i get this a lot too ! i get a lot of you're really smart - not reaching your potential blah blah blah just because i'm not in college doesn't mean that i'm stupid or that i think i am . mission of burma anyone ? dark-deadpan humor is the greatest , it feels like if its done right its so much better than any other style . except maybe slapstick , old slapstick is great : laughing : i can read and research some historical event for hours on end , usually if it's crime drama-ish . and oddly enough i like going to shows / concerts . playing computer games is great , and arcades are the ... entp - the inventor you scored 75 i versus e , 40 n versus s , 60 f versus t , and 40 j versus p ! your ideal mate is known as the inventor . this type is a flirtateous and energetic romantic ... dystopia is great , backstabber might be the best , so much emotion in the vocals . also check out phobia from orange county best grindcore band ever ! i'll have to disagree with the immature part , i think that too many people like to put maturity and sexual activity into the same boat . i've met too many people that aren't virgins that put middle ... '