' oh man , why do i always have to say so much about myself ? it just ends up coming out at the spur of the moment , many things i regret saying and wish i'd kept inside . i end up feeling like others look ... freaking out with anxiety to the point of sweating , feeling like you are losing your breath , and a faster than normal heart beat is not good . i freak out and overthink everything to the worst case ... i am still treated like a child and somehow i like it but it still feels very pathetic . i don't like going to these places that are boring to me , i want to discover my own things that i like . i just ... yes , because in a fantasy world i'd have a chance of serving a great purpose towards a bigger goal , have more exciting adventures that are impossible in real life like flying without the use of ... hinata hyuga ( naruto ) toki wartooth ( metalocalypse ) wrote this as a mix of feelings and moments in rhyme . - - - alone , there is no one to hold . the sweet sound of howling wind , against my ears , face , and hair . often , we are left ... intp isfp infj mostly alt metal , alt rock , goth metal / rock and lately chillhop , musicbox music . my younger brother is so mucch more ahead in life than i am . he acts more like my older brother but still has a bad temper and mean attitude and is pretty careless . i hope he changes that in the ... aw thank you so much ! ! > . < ^ . ^ hi , here's a semi-recent photo of me with a bunny filter . u ( ⁎ ˃ ᆺ ˂ ) u * no post quote pls * 694713 started watching naruto battles until almost 4 am and naruto talks about loneliness and being misunderstood thus hitting me right in the feels . i feel a bit sad now . :( hinata from naruto the most ( we're both dandere , shy , withdrawn , softspoken , wishing to be acknowledged and be more strong ) a bit of boruto ( frustrated that parents cant spend time with me like we ... yeah , im the same . unless i get close to the person , then i reveal some stuff but close off soon . my hobbies and / or talents are personal for me and i don't want people to judge my work harshly like ... i am becoming obsessed with japan and cats . * meow * : kitteh : i feel like i annoy everyone and i'm really sorry if i do . hi all , i have not been on here in a while . sorry about that ^ ^ i've been lost on what to do with my life for a long time now . i'm scared about what would happen with the choices i make . i feel ... nichya i could try driving alone . i just get scared that i don't know what i'm doing and lose control of myself . the chances are pretty slim in me doing that , they just tend to build and flurry in my ... i cry whenever someone yells at me or gets stern with me . i feel like a stupid worthless idiot . i hate being compared . i hate not knowing why i am here . i have to bite my lip and pinch myself just to ... it's just that sometimes . i'm so afraid of trying , that i lose myself . but i still inferior either way . i wish learning how to drive wasn't so hard for me to do . it hurts me when people put me ... it feels like when i try to speak up and make friends , things just get so awkward . it's been years since i've had a friend . i don't know how to socialize properly and get scared and freeze in unknown ... 1 ) through many things . from the weather , to what i eat , to what i wear , what i listen to , and what i see . it's really subjective . i mostly feel nostalgic when going around places i've been to as a ... emotionally invalidated , ugly , and stupid . started a new job this week . but i feel so alone there . i feel like everyone there looks at me like i'm an idiot . i don't feel like i fit in anywhere i go . i try too hard . eventually i always end up ... this reminds me of the time i made a worker in a cell phone store try on almost every phone protective case color they had until i found a color combo that i liked . took about half an hour for me to ... * stop falling in love with fictional / unattainable people * i can't . i won't . : crying : here's something i sketched while i was listening to my chemical romance . 497729 allyrah that is very true . it is probably anxiety raging out , making things out to seem ten times worse than they really are . but a part of me just doesn't like that intimacy , unless i've truly , ... i know i come off as closed , reserved , and unaffectionate to other people . i was always weary of hugs and kisses from anyone . it's too close to me . just too close . i can't even look others in the ... why ehh , i can't stop liking cat videos . : bored : : ball : really loving mcr right now . wish i could have gotten into them in high school . would have made it more bearable for me . maybe i wouldn't have acted like such a stressed , anxious wannabe adult weirdo ... stupid and irritated . ruminating my daily thoughts and pressures . i need to calm down . meh ... : chargrined : one time i was at the dentist and he was checking my teeth . he said i probably have 4 more years until i had to get my wisdom teeth taken out . he then asked me how old i was , i told him i was 18 . he ... i have been an ovo-lacto vegetarian for about 5 years . first and only one i went to was a rock concert with a lot bands headlining . i was 15 . i went to see korn , it was awesome . i saw evanescence too and heard shindedown play on the stage next to the one ... it's 4 am and i can't sleep . too many thoughts , too many feelings that i have to let out somehow . monsieur melancholy thank you for the compliment . :p roud : * sigh * i was feeling a little okay about myself ... : blushed : 484394 4844 02 it seems that even when i don't try to be , i am different , in everything i do . i'm a clumsy , socially anxious fool who blurts out unnecessary information and does unnecessary things . they all look at ... all this responsibility and opportunity is being thrown at me today . i don't know if i can take it . i just want to go back to being that 12 year old kid who watched anime and the only thing i had to ... . i once again held everything in until i burst into tears . today has not been good . indecision has been controlling my life forever and i want it to end . i wish i could tell someone about this without ... dark eyes on the pathway towards destruction . tiny feet , swift across blankets of ice . on the horizon , fourth moon watches . a star wishes to be granted . a heart of courage left to explore . eh . forget it . cat's still cute though . hope that he likes it here . i don't know why people think all cats are heartless beasts . they are nice , well at least this one is to me . i dreamed that i was at some outoor cafe / restaurant somewhere in a city and was talking with my mom . i mentioned that this area was where a relative was going to live at . i pointed to a tall ... '