' that's a really smart way of looking at it . i really appreciate the insight , and i will definitely be using your suggestions in the future , it does make sense , thank you . that sounds exactly like my piece of shit dad . uncaring , selfish , rude , obnoxious , egotistical , and a need to be better than everyone else , regardless of whether it's true to the average person ... i can understand why you would think that , i think a true intj would have thought things through and weighed out exactly how to deal with a situation , for instance , sometimes i will resort to ... i appreciate the response , unfortunately i've thought heavily about it and i feel i've got a solid foundation . consider the population being as it is , ever expanding , no end in sight unless some ... listen to alan jackson's little bitty . you'll understand the meaning of traditional real fast . infjs are ... way too easy to read . my girlfriend is one , and her way of approaching me was i'm drunk and you're cute . beyond that anyone with a type beginning with an e is impossible for me to ... lol , 5 years later , yes , yes one of us does exist . that's entirely inefficient , i would plan out exactly where we're going , and what we're getting , and how much cash i need to have on me , before leaving the house . he's not an intj , from that ... so here's the deal , for years now i've been studying , researching , verifying , re-verifying , sourcing sources , and referencing references . statistically , being right is about a 99 % thing for me when ... i'm looking for a pair . the right pair . not the ones that i have , though the ozzy style ones are alright . no , it has to be perfect . but when i find them i will wear them night and day . this is my ... if they are blind and immune to critical thought , then they are without logical reason , and thus , are not an intj . there are times when i find myself following statistics however , statistically , ... i am not familiar with the whole two-letter thing , but reading people is easy . their eyes : are they part of a smile ? do they look sad ? are their wrinkles near them ? wrinkles come from skin losing ... when you know what's right by way of facts , it gives you the strength to not be an idiot and do the wrong thing . for instance , in the past six months i've : eaten nothing but avocados , rice , and ... if he goes out of his way to contact you , he likes you . if he repeatedly tries to contact you and is not asking for information on something , he wants to date you . the sooner you make that happen , ... this is fantastic . i'm sure it's been quoted many times in this thread , but i'm glad i wasn't the only one who went through this . ... but damn , did it feel good at the time . after some time away to adjust my attitude , i have returned with a question for any other intjs who would care to help , i would be very appreciative . right now , i am bound to a situation that i'd ... give me alcohol and all of a sudden there's a sex drive , other than that , chances are slim that i'll want to , or at least actively seek it out . too many other things on my mind , too many time ... buy clothes ? i'm still wearing everything i had back in high-school seven years ago , they might have a few holes , but they work . i don't much care to impress anyone . i've bought a total of two ... i got so excited about this the other day that i actually expressed visible emotion . this is incredible . i'm sure some of you out there already know about this , but i myself have been looking ... i had my 15 minutes of fame when i was leading the best of the best in a past online game , my team was # 1 across the server . i can't say that i wanted the recognition i got for it , but at the same ... it's not about weather instruments . it's about retention and loss of co2 . read my post or stop being a stereotype . i think i'm understanding a bit better now , you are not the stereotype that i am used to debating with , which i very much appreciate because i've always wanted an intelligent person from that side to ... to keep anonymity i'd rather not say , but it only serves over a range of about 5,000 people , it's on the west coast of the usa . i haven't heard or observed that , and honestly i haven't read much of the libertarian ideals , so i will back down there until i have researched it more . i don't understand why lab science doesn't ... that's the difference , it's a lot of insults and no action . they convince themselves they are correct by a debunk that they read somewhere and they take it as factual information without ... absolutely , before you even posted this i was already writing a post about this to vigilante , i am not really associated with either one , i consider myself a member of the green party , but i feel we ... i noticed you are part of generation z , in which republicans were actually quite smart and correct with much of what they had done , have you ever considered really reading on the democratic talking ... but what if we are not on the earth when it does wipe out all organisms living on it ? what if we leave it within our lifetime ? food for thought : 2045 initiative also see google's project ... this really has helped , thank you . :) but ... republicans are frequently on the wrong side of history , how can you justify many of their points when they lack the valid facts to back it up ? things like gay marriage , global warming , ... this is what i posted to him , no sense writing it again if i've already got the report : ok ( name ) , education time , pull up your chair , grab a notepad , we're going to settle this . the earth's ... yes , i have also looked into buddhism myself and i find i agree with many of their principles , but , understanding where the world is heading , and where it would go if belief was allowed to take ... i can tell i'm going to like you . welcome ! just recently , an awful reporter for the local newspaper , tried to bash on liberals by saying global warming = normal weather , to which i was happy to explain to him in-depth and ad nauseum ... haha , ehh , basically i just keep a level head throughout the day , i never really smile or frown , just deadpan , when someone pisses me off i'll calmly and assertively tell them they need to go , now ... i express emotion and freak them out ( being emotionless all day really amplifies this ) , then proceed to intimidation and finally , i leave them terrified and confused of their own personality , never ... travel into the future is possible by large-scale gravity oriented cycle systems , gravity drags on space / time , though we don't know exactly how , there was an experiment done a long time ago involving ... i hate it . i don't like being adorable but i get called it all the time . i mean , i can't say it doesn't help to ease the social difficulties , but it still sucks because yeah , we want to be ... just did it recently actually , slept four hours , woke up , went to work , came home , slept another four hours , woke up , feel fine and awake . it's just getting into a pattern , whether it's an insane ... what is there to feel about it ? there's a lot of gender options on facebook , more diversity for people to express themselves , so what ? there's nothing regarding morality to discuss here . i'm happy you started this thread , i've been following for quite a while , and my answer is hell yes , in-fact i'd probably do it right now just to be safe if it were available and ... belief : to have trust , faith , or confidence in someone or something . ex . religion values : a person's principles or standards of behavior ; one's judgment of what is important in life . ex ... a handy cartoon you may benefit from : your guide to interacting with an introvert | co.create | creativity + culture + commerce i feel as though there is one missing from the list , border-lining on democracy , but more perfected , when a vote comes up , specialists must take tests in the fields they wish to vote in regarding ... i always happily admit when i am wrong , because it means i had a character flaw to correct , i missed small details , etc . each time it happens , i take a moment to sit back and think about what ... i prefer the wall dance , that is , the motions that take place in-between the bar and the wall , or a comfy chair . dancing doesn't make sense , organized dancing included , never have much been able ... to use superior strength or influence to intimidate ( someone ) , typically to force him or her to do what one wants . first we need to figure out what the bully is wanting . we'll use a cliche ... some of you may have seen me already perusing about the forums here , i figured since i've decided to stay i may as well introduce myself . i am an intj , though i find myself frequently sharing the ... the more you do it , the better you'll be at committing to it . being a producer of the arts , be it literature , music , painting , whatever your fancy might be , you're going to be prone to a lot of ... yeah , mcswiggins nailed it . excellent wording . '