yeah , it makes sense and that's what u gave been intuiting about him too . as an infj , i used to be a lot like the way you describe until i turned 30 . i've been working on anxiety and self esteem a ... and by the way he is infp . he took the test and told me so . 6 days no contact on his part today . i am starting to think more and more that this guy is a wimp and am losing respect for him . alas , they always come back later . also , yes i am a bit dominant but i am also 31 and he is 25 . not to sound conceited but i am also very good looking . * not reply , not reynolds i did actually tell him that i care for him deeply and that i am not afraid to show my emotions but that his lack of communication makes me think that he does not want to talk to me and if this is ... i felt like he deserved to know how i feel and what i expect . not everything can be on his terms . if he can't provide a side answer , he clearly has other problems besides social anxiety i sent him an email explaining to him that i felt he did not want to talk to me and that he is basically taking me for granted . of course it was worded nicely and i said if he did not want to talk to ... yes , i understand it all but if he has already slept with me three times , opened up to me and such , why is he still anxious ? he had no trouble seducing me . if he was able to seduce me and initiate , he should not be blowing hot and cold , right ? i think i may be played because he seems hot and cold and it takes him forever to answer my texts ... granted he does this with those closest to him but still . i have known this guy for 7 months now . when we first met , he pursued me , aided by some alcohol . we slept together three times and then he went abroad . we have been corresponding for several months ... i have recently ( age 33 ) been diagnosed with adhd , a condition which i've had since i was a child but did not know what it was until now . since my nervous breakdown at age 21 i have been limerent or ... it's mostly age related and will pass with time . i used to be the same when i was a teenager / early 20s . it may be that you are rejection sensitive or a highly sensitive person . at least you have the ... perhaps they take the edge off . otherwise i've been told i come off as intimidating . apparently they are , but they tend to blunt my own emotions . maybe that's what people like ? the more unemotional the better ? may i ask how old you are ? sad truth . so the secret to getting a man to stay is to be aloof and not give a damn ? maybe that's what the ssris are doing to me . sad because i am naturally caring . yep , that's it . i feel the same way ... detached . i guess it does make me less emotionally needy but we have been taught that men like women to be emotional , not aloof . it seems that the more aloof ... haha , no i don't have a screw loose but people have told me that i intimidate them sometimes . i've seen this phenomenon five years apart ( one in 2011 and now in 2015-2016 ) . i am naturally love addicted and rejection sensitive and when i take an ssri it blunts my emotions and i can't feel ... thanks . yes , i've recently started working on these very things , through online research and even posting on forums like this . i can't afford therapy and it may not even be helpful . but i will ... oh , no , i have never taken ssris or any other medications for anxiety . 5 - htp worked for me at 100 mls , and passionflower calmed me down a lot . now that i think about it , many of these herbs have ... i am going to start taking herbal supplements again . in the past i was helped by a combination of valerian / st . john's wort and by 100mls of 5 - htp . haven't taken them in years but maybe , just maybe ... you are right . the thing is that after my dad's death , the professor took advantage of my depression and i fell for him . we were involved for a year but at the same time he was seeing a 49 - year-old ... now that i think about it , i was probably co-dependent and limerent since my teens . but things got worse after dad's death . the thing is that my co-dependency manifests in anxiety when i don't ... awww , thank you for your encouraging words . i didn't realize until a few months ago that this whole thing started after my dad passed away four years ago . and the catalyst was my dating ... working on self-confidence for the past six months ( meditations and subliminal messages ) and basically devaluing romance and trying to fall in love with myself . i am also trying to do new things ... myself i guess . or life in general . have you dealt with codependency in your love life ? like being addicted to love and the idea of having someone rescue you ? if so , how and when did you overcome it ? i am 33 and have been struggling ... <sigh> story of my dating life ... men taking me for granted , me losing interest , and them coming back , with me no longer wanting them . he did say in his last message to excuse his late replies , ... thank you everyone for your replies . i guess it's time to let go of him . our messages are getting longer and more elaborate but now it takes him a week to reply . he admitted he was depressed but ... he replied recently and mentioned that a ) he is depressed and stressed and b ) he is not totally over his ex ( they broke up 6 months ago ) . his emotional openness is touching , as is his eagerness ... ok , so in my last message to him i mentioned chatting on skype . i have not head back from him and he has been on skype for the entire day . i get the feeling this guy enjoys being chased ! i am not ... for some reason i think that no matter what i do with him right now , he will come back later . i know him long enough by now to notice that his internal processing takes time ( such as him finally ... see the thing is that if this was any other guy i was dating , i would have seen the red flag ( taking too long to communicate ) and moved on . but knowing he is like this with close friends has me ... sometimes it feels like infps take people for granted when they don't communicate . in his case , he goes through phases . his friends will bring something up on his fb wall and he will reply days later ... yeah , there are a few times when he will reply later in the day or the day after . but in general , his messages are usually emotional ( he was recently telling me how he has lost his desire for the ... ok , i have my doubts today . he usually takes 4-5 days to reply to messages i initiate ... and it's been like this pretty much from the beginning . i know he is like this with others , but still , we have ... so do you think about the other person a lot in-between replies ? especially if the woman takes the initiative ? yes ! so now we know that most infp men expect the women to take the lead . yeah , i used to be the initiator in my past relationships and they worked out better than when i became passive because dating advice says women should not contact men in order to appear more ... awww , that's actually kind of sweet . yes , he does put a lot of thought into whatever he does . he really has a beautiful soul . yes , that's what i've been doing . i've been very vulnerable with ... yes , i agree . and what is interesting with him is that he will do things that are important to me , but it will take him a while and by that time i will have forgotten about it . for example , in ... why ? that's not unheard of . he is dominant and romantic in bed but not dominant in daily interactions and decision-making . but then again , he is scandinavian . he is only dominant in bed , which is fine with me ! :) hmmm , ok guys , i've been thinking about this a lot and i have come to the conclusion that he is a feminine energy man . which is fine with me because in the past i had the most success when i was more ... ok , so he has sent a long message today . he admits that he is kind of depressed and has no motivation to finish his degree . also his dog is very ill , but he spends most of his day on the computer in ... what's interesting is that he has times when he can be very communicative , such as over the holidays . since january 10 , after our one hour conversation on skype , he has pulled back . i see other ... i don't know . i still feel like he is not interested enough ( and will try harder once i let him go ... cause men want what they can't have ) . i mean , how do infps deal with people they are not ...