' i drove 4.5 hours today , honestly don't remember most of it . my mind was elsewhere . glad i didn't crash into anything . this is fairly normal for me and long drives . i've suddenly and completely cut people out of my life on several occasions . but it takes something really bad for me to do that . i also like to think i'm pickier now , and have invested in better ... i've never heard that said before , and i don't particularly agree with it . not with something serious anyway . if i didn't have much invested , i may just take it as a sign that it wasn't going to work ... . at least i didn't get a hangover . need to stop talking for a second and concentrate on how much vodka i'm pouring . i saw how full the glass got but didn't really comprehend how much it actually was at the time ... because that was ... i see i'm not the only one with a thing for pens . or that eats different parts of a meal in a specific order . i also have to finish one before i move onto the next ( then a waiter comes by , asks ... i don't really consider myself to be cold . i'd have to really dislike someone for that . generally friendly , and then very warm to those close to me . i think differently than most people . i've ... from now on i'm blaming everything on you . good going with wwii and the black death . :d ry : how well does he know you ? if not well , it could take a while for him to decide how interested he is in you . i tend to think that i should be fairly easy to read , even rather transparent , but a lot of people either don't seem to know what to look for or don't bother . so if i'm upset , if something's wrong , i ... yes . yes ( according to my own definition ) . yes . occasionally . story of my life . stream of consciousness ? that's the problem . turn the fucking stream off , i should be unconscious right now . : frustrating : which half ? to add a bit more to this : i don't find my thought process really changes at all when i drink . just my filter . so very yes . sleep deprivation for me is worse than alcohol . and he's ... the ni is always there , but when drunk i don't feel limited by people finding whatever i'm saying weird or irrelevant so i just go on and on about whatever pops into my head . so outwardly , ... we're just trying to break down stereotypes about how intjs never shut up . i mean a quiet intj ? who ever heard of that ? you have , thanks to this thread . they go out of their way to acknowledge that you exist . he obviously still cares . i kind of chopped this up and spread it out to get some key points isolated . you've dated a lot of people , and nothing like this has ever happened before . you tried to be a good girlfriend , to ...  get in line ! :d ry : for me , ideal would be enfp . it seems to me that if at any point we ever developed time travel , that we would see a lot more time travelers . gia diamonds to expand on it a little more , i'm gonna copy over how i explained it in another thread : the “ * headdesk * ” is in there because of the inherent conflict of different parts of my ... yes . from my sig : intj | 5w6 3w4 1w9 | blueberry flavor | sxy / sp | existentialist | cynical idealist | * headdesk * i'm sx / sp , so i still do have a fairly strong sp instinct , i do have stuff i want to preserve , just not to keep it there for me alone . i want a small group of close people to be able to share it with . i've always liked the castle metaphor . i have a castle too . but like i said previously about withdrawing and waiting to see if other people show interest in me , the moat and the first set of walls ... over there . : exterminate : it's a christmas miracle ! i see everything from ten sides , so i can see how certain inputs can have vastly different outputs . most of the time i just have what i consider most likely results . to actually have a solid , fixed ... i actually think guarding against that is one of the reasons i'm so withdrawn . i have a strong sx instinct , i crave really intense connections with people . when i was younger this led to be coming ... someone beat me to my answer . so that'll have to do . while i definitely enjoy talking about a good book with people , i'm quite the opposite of what the op experiences . as i get closer to the end of a book i enjoy , the harder it is to put down . the rest of my immediate family are sjs . i tend to get pretty cynical about society in general , but otherwise i tend to be pretty optimistic .  ... something something intj ( especially 531 ) stereotypes ! i'd better go steal somebody else's soul ! the answer to your question is yes . i expected your question to be much deeper than that . to your first question yes , people can change , and to this i say somewhere in the middle . people have a lot of opportunities to learn and grow , which will lead to change . if they take them or not ... i played soccer for 9 years , almost exclusively as a defender . i had a coach comment that it seemed like i knew where my opponent was going with the ball before they themselves knew . i got moved all ... i'm going to second this one . i've found the 5 love languages does a pretty good job in describing the basic ways in which people demonstrate affection , and understand affection being directed toward ... i did know it until you mentioned it . :d ry : ( serious answer : i saw a preview for it once ) so what happens if someone asks jason bourne to explain in detail how to kill someone ? does he just turn ... i never realized there was a name for that . i definitely get that . a recent example is my dad asked me for the combination to a lock . i can open this thing blindfolded , but i never actually think ... i'm intj 531 . if that doesn't scream too emo to function then i don't know what does . * grabs dark lipstick * '