' yes ! yes ! yes ! everything you said ! they don't give a fuck because it's all about them . sometimes we get people in asking for discounts on the cheapest things and i'm like , what the fuck , are you ... it happens when i'm feeling shitty . so i work for a second hand shop and we constantly getting people in asking for discounts . it drives me nuts , especially when i know they don't need it . trust me , ... angaliene i definitely know the thoughts i had about my father were not normal ... however , i am alone on this one . as i said before , i was discussing these thoughts with a friend of mine . he told me ... oh really ? wow ! interesting article too . :) thanks for sharing . i guess you are right ! the thoughts i had were different from the intrusive ones . less random , less full on and more what if , i guess ... question 1 : for all is , how do you overcome your shyness when you know you need to step outside yourself and be social ? ix92ve been working in customer service for ten years so ix92ve had to overcome ... i really like intjs when they have a good grasp on their fi . : > the ni + fi combination is pretty dope . i've met an intj who has allowed me to see their sensitive side and my god , it is the sweetest ... i'm very good at hiding my anxiety but other emotions ? not so much . it's pretty obvious when i'm angry or upset . i wish i could conceal it better but i can't help it ... however saying that , when i've ... woah ! seems like i missed out on a lot over the past few days ... i honestly have to completely disagree with you fearandtrembling . everything you have said has not helped me in the slightest , ... my anxiety has never been this bad before . everything makes me cry . i'm having more bad days than good . i broke up with my ex nearly three months ago and while it wasn't a good relationship , i miss ... itx 92s interesting to see how common intrusive thoughts are ! i wish people would talk about it more . .. i guess the taboo nature is discouraging . for a long time , i felt pretty crazy that i would event ... ( ( i only say nsfw because of the violence / sexual content . i don't know . i could be wrong ... plus i don't want to shock anyone , haha . ) ) i sometimes have really intrusive thoughts many of which are ... i'm 24 and i go through phases where i completely despise people , sometimes even my friends and family . i think about all their annoying qualities and want nothing to do with them . anything that they ... marriage to me is quite terrifying . i can be extremely dedicated in a relationship but marriage ? i just don't believe i could do it . it's just to set in stone for me , too damn concrete for me to ... 157618 sorry for the double post but thought i'd upload another one ... with said fringe ! <3 wooow ! that is so fucking uncool . i'm sorry your family is being so close minded and disrespectful ... also , i didn't realise that music was bound by skin colour ? * rolls eyes * punk is punk . it can be ... 157506 kinda recent . i have a fringe now but i still like this photo of me . : > yes ! people talk about these adorable , cuddly infps and i just think , uh , so not me at all ! . it's rather frustrating and sometimes , i wish i was that adorable and cuddly infp . i often come off as ... you and me both ! i've never even got into a fight . haha . or intentionally emotionally destroyed anyone ! :( so infps , like the title says , do you scare people by just being your usual self ? i have been told by a fair few people that i scare them . it always surprises me because i - know - that i'm a very ... i feel you ! sometimes , i have these wonderfully witty thoughts racing through my brain and yet , when i go to speak , they come out in a horrible mess ! i'm also quite a dreamy individual with a head ... i don't doubt you . i just don't enjoy the feeling of extremes so frequently . i am finding it very difficult to find a middle ground ... at least , a middle ground i am satisfied with ! :( it's very ... i've recently been diagnosed with bipolar and i've been finding it very difficult to manage . in fact , i am beginning to wonder if i am indeed an infp or it is the mania . i only say this because i ... i love the gym ! it's a place where i'm not anxious and truly at peace . i used to fret about the people around me but now , i do not care . i enjoy weight lifting the most . the feeling you get after a ... of course there is hope for you ... but really , you shouldn't be looking for a type of girl . you should be looking for someone you can click with . you don't want to come out as superficial . anyway , ... seems like i'm too old skool . haha ! it's interesting to see all the comments . :) i'm the opposite . i like handshakes . i've always done them . ;p i can understand that ! ;) i use both of my ... do you think it's unlady like to shake another woman's hand , though ? i only ask because the other day , i offered my hand when i'm introduced to another girl my age and the look on her face ... she looked quite surprised to say the least . i've also met other girls my ... oh yes ! this is me all over , sadly ! especially when i'm in bed , that is when i am my worst for obsessive thoughts and over analysing . it's horrible and i find it somewhat crippling . i try to stop the ... i loved reading all these responses ! thank you very much . even though i said that i appreciated the concern , there are some days where it does irk me . it also makes me somewhat paranoid . i start ... i highly doubt this is an infp thing but i just felt like posting here because i'm sure there are some peeps who can relate . there are times , especially at work , when i'm concentrating and someone ... hey guys ! i'm back since not posting since ... 2011 ? so about three years . woah . long time . thought i'd give this another go . i don't think many of you will remember me . it has after all been a few ... after what seems like forever , i finally have time and read ( ( properly ) ) all these great replies . thanks a bunch for your thoughts and such ! it was very interesting to read . sorry it took me so ... ... this relationship pairing must be endlessly discussed within these forums ! so forgive me for bringing up a rather common subject . i've entered a rather wonderful relationship with an intp . we ... i'm still learning how to stop being overly nice . it's rather annoying considering that i can't keep up the niceness . i usually blow up in the end and people wonder what the fuck is wrong with me ... i'm quite reserved and find honest difficulty . i don't enjoy hurting people's feelings , mainly because the consequences are often a bitch to deal with . i'm trying to be honest ... as my dishonesty ... as an enfp , i enjoy art and craft / book shops ... quite a bit ! i'm there most of the time , wondering amongst the terrifyingly expensive paints . even though i can rarely afford it , i can't help but look ... mind fucks can be pretty scary ... mainly because i have no control ... over anything ! my emotions are let loose as if they were wild horses . there's nothing can control them and it's terrifying ! i ... i don't think i could ever hook up with a woman . i don't like softness ... though not all women are soft , haha ! saying that , if i ever happened to meet particularly cute transman and he asked me out , ... i don't think it's personality related ... all types can enjoy it ! i like to have the occasional doobie but completely refuse to do bongs . they are a total mindfuck . my confession : i'm actually terrified of loving someone / entering a relationship . i believe entering a relationship will make me less of an individual and lose my fierce independency . i hate it ... hmm . interesting ... i think i understand . haha , you are right . i know ' me ' best better than anyone . childish moment there , forgive me . hurr hurr . i honestly think deep down , i am an enfp but ... well , lulz , this thread is about me and not about you . sozzles ... however , i'm not the right person to ask . i still have yet to understand all the cognitive functions , plus their shadows and how ... ah , right . well , i do feel a need to be nice to everyone because i want them to like me ... but that can get tiring and then , i become standoff-ish and difficult to approach . it definitely can be a ... exact quote from today's douchebag . there was a silence between us and the conversation went a bit like this ... he was a stereotypical estp , just for your information . * * * him : awkward silence ... ah man ! i've been so damn busy with work but thanks guys for replying ! it's really interesting reading all these threads . ohh yeah ... sweet . i don't like expressing my emotions . i don't like ... my boss says i'm a wackjob . a lot of people think i'm weird ! who does that ? whenever i have told them one of my stories ... i can barely remember the shit that comes out of my mouth . if you ... what thirty year olds you been eavsdropping / talking to ? the only guys i ever find interesting are 30 years plus ! ( usually ) what a silly thing to say , indeed . ;) fantastic post , urtehnoes . i do want a connection with the community . i do care what people think of me , especially appearance wise ( appearance is everything . people judge from a blink of an ... hey guys ! this question has no doubt , been asked a million times . i took the mbti and the cognitive test ( on personalitycafe ) ... low and behold , i received entp for both . i retook both tests and ... oh man , oh man ... too many people have thought i was madly in love with them ! arrogant bastards , i say ... but no matter how many times i say i'm not in love with you , they never believe it ! c'est ... '