' thanks a lot you guys . i've been wondering about this for a while now . thank you . :) oh , i took a cognitive functions test and i got ni . so , if that will help ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? my natural curiosity . i mean , i'm always finding gaps and well different possibilities . 2 ) what do you yearn for in life ? why ? ... which questionnaires , from where ? right all of you gave me great insight . i was just asking out of curiosity since sometimes i find myself doing the same thing . i imagine it happening like me being a sponge and sucking everyones ... yes i was thinking that too . at least now i'm not the only one who sees it . okay i had this thought when i read this somewhere . apparently , infjs take up all of the beliefs of people around them . is this true ? does it define you by any chance ? there was also this part ... let me begin by saying that i am once again trying to figure out my mbti type . last time i checked , years ago anyway , i got isfp , isfj and infj , but now when i read descriptions of the types , i agree ... misery i hide behind the scars of my misery . i tell others that i'm afraid , but am i ? when the heart is torn in four , what can you do ? i only lie and continue to hide in my misery . the tears ... okay , i just watched it and well , it kills me to not to what they are . i'll learn to catch on one day , but do any of you have any ideas as to what their personalities are ? if you'd like , feel free ... i second the isfp thing , but then again . he could very well be an infj . i'm not sure though . i'm glad that i'm not the only one with being angry . i thought it was wrong of me , and stuff , but you all helped me alot . thanks . :) thanks , that helps . i worry about getting angry around people too . i know i don't want to hurt anyone , but sometimes when i lose control , ( and it has happened to an almost non-exsiting degree ) , i ... i feel like that too . i just don't notice other people's problems at those simple times . it makes me feel like a jerk , to tell you the truth , but i have to admit after all the numbing and keeping ... another question . do you guys sometimes , just bottle everything up to the point where you feel numb and not react to things around you ? that happens to me a lot . does this happen to any of you ? yes , it's probably true . i did have a bad experience with 6 before . yeah , i don't get bitter or resentful , for the most part , but i am very stressed . specially when people don't listen to me . thank ... is it natural for us 6 ' s to always be angry with everything . for one , i just don't get into a bad mood , but after a while , i just break and everything around me is stupid . i don't have anger issues , ... wow , thank you . a lot of people seem to say that he is an infp , and i believe that he is . i mean , some of the descriptions of him in the book just make me think of at least part of infp , but i could ... thank you guys , so very much . it's all pretty clear and yes , you guys helped me understand the differences , so thank you all . :) this was very interesting and fascinating . i definitely think that i focus on the external more than the internal . i just keep myself vigilant , almost like i'm waiting for something to happen . i ... oh okay i see . thanks so much for answering this for me . man , i can't believe that all this time i knew i was a 6w5 . i do wonder though , does it happen naturally or is it just something that everyone ... that makes sense , but maybe i didn't make myself clear . i don't like goals . i'm a sort of go-with-the-flow kind of person . only when people ask that i put structure or want me to be more disciplined ... should have guessed as much . i usually type 6 w 5 . how did you figure it out , kayness ? fill this out , please :) 1 . what drives you in life ? what do you look for ? my main drive is nothing at the moment . i'm pretty sure that's a bad thing . but it seems like people always decide for ... i think this would account to some people's guess that he's a infp , it all seems to fit . :) okay , i've been having a lot of trouble trying to figure out what type i am . i go between type 6 or 5 . i tend to be a very serious worrier , and tend to think a lot about problems . but that's just my ... thanks , i find chris mccandless a very interesting person , and all of you guys seem to make sense . i do think that he was more of a perceiver than a judger , but that was because i think he's a bit ... thank you , guys . i really think i get the infp feeling too . i read the book a bit more and it seems that it fits more and more . thank you , for posting . :) i do agree with the fact that he could be n . i read some parts of the book and people described him as seeing more the forest than the trees . he just saw the big picture . thank you so much . :) thank you all for helping me , and yes , i'll make sure to love and understand myself first . please , feel free to bash ahead . i don't really like the series anyhow . she's virtually impossible to handle and yeah , she has no major points that state she's an isfp . oh gosh , i thought it was just me ! yeah , i day dream a lot . i never noticed until i was in 9th grade and this girl spooked me out of my daydreaming . i was so pissed off to lose track of what i had ... hidden crush i love you dark brown hair , ringlets in the sun . you captivate me , buy i don't captivate you . to me you're the sun and the moon , but i'm just a black hole in the sky . nothing ... okay , i know that after 11 i was a goner with love , things were just happening so fast , and i started to become a freak an outcast , i'm 17 now and boys don't accept me . well , the thing is that ... for the most part i'm always quiet , because when i talk to people , just as i'm in between asking whatever question i was asking , they stop me and say what ? . it's embarrasing , but i haven't learned ... i'm a libra and by the standard sign , no it doesn't fit . i've felt so fake so many times , and i blame it on my indecisive , peace-loving , weak-minded sign . libra's are pretty stupid to me and its sad ... i don't know about this one , but i've read in some articles that bella swan from twilight is an isfp . does anyone agree ? i don't . i mean , i just don't feel like she would be an isfp . she's not really ... i only recently started reading into the wild by john krakauer and i , in the beginning , took a general dislike of the book . it was just a biography to me , so it didn't seem very special , but now ... i'm an isfp and came out with this answer : your result for the personality plus profiler test ... melancholly 14 sanguine , 71 melancholy , 29 choleric , 21 phlegmatic it's pretty accurate . :) yeah , you're right . some of us just take the whole mbti theory too far , and it makes us rigid to even think we can make something work . but you're right . i agree with you , it's not about following ... i'm not really sure , i'm too young to really say i ; ve been in love , but i've had some crushes . and i feel an immeadiate pull . i keep the feeling inside , but that might be because i don't want the ... i believe all matches are good , but most people think that isfp's are more sensitive than intp . and while they enjoy each other's company . i think , and only me so please don't think it's completely ... that seems rather difficult to answer . they both seem the same , but i guess istps are a little more reserved that isfps . though both are good . sorry for the length , but thanks . i mean it's obvious by now that i'm an isfp , everyone seems to agree on that . or at least three people and that , to me , is more than enough . no one's commented ... totally exciting . i find it interesting and it's good to know that i'm not the only one who does this . even if you don't do it anymore , but still cool . :) i know i guess it's something most of us have . and yeah , i write sometimes , my writing gets better when i start reading for some days and with all the new words in my mind i will i will be a little ... it sounds good , doesn't it . i've always wanted to be an author myself and you make it sound so easy and fun . something i believe all of us isfp's should have in our careers . :) :: happy : striver / believer your primary vals ™ type is striver , and your secondary type is believer . i have no idea what they are , but that was my score . :) : happy : i find it easy to write , hard sometimes because i try to hard . but when it comes to drawing it comes out naturally . i may have to erase some parts , but mostly my drawings are good . : happy : '