' patience is a virtue . so proud that you guys are still together . hah ! i do this and sometimes even a step further , usually with my wife , and intentionally suggest something i know she won't like . this usually leads quickly to an answer from her that we can work ... i think it's totally awesome that you two are at this place . as i think you know , i thought for years that my wife was an estj but that was my misconception as i was reading too much into that ... i dreamed i shot a flare gun just outside of wrigley field in chicago . the flare hit and set fire to a parked car . i then fled the scene before an intense police manhunt could find me . i took ... yes , the types of things that i volunteer for are in line with my strengths and interests . i would have a hard time going outside of that and would not find it as rewarding if i did . i'm not sure ... pay the bills . on time . really . learn from my mistakes , please . wow . i have totally been where you are right now ... you took me on a backwards trip of almost 20 years . it's great that the guitar thing brings you some joy . that's a nice healthy base to ... i must plead guilty to not getting out into the other forum pool often enough . i have been making the rare appearance in istj-land lately , though . deep thought is neither advised or encouraged in our sound bite society . so who is going to bite the bullet and start the deep conversational thread ? i nominate the op . my going theory was that it was the diabolical plan of an intj , so that we'd be distracted by the bright shiny object known as intj forum before ever finding our own ! ... you think they put enfp last on the community forum list on purpose . i may have to reverse psychology this and put on a fancy tie or suit to get the wifey out of the house . conversely , if she went all sexy dress and choker on me , i'd spin her around and show her ... the king of dreams thank you ! it's an honor twice over to be remembered in good favor like this , even though i'm not on much these days . it's an even bigger honor to be mentioned in the ... that seems to be consistent with some of her reactions she has in the workplace . she is short fused with people who try to get ahead in the workplace by bending the rules or ignoring them all ... wow , a nearly 100 page sticky thread ! i have some reading to do . several months ago , my wife of 16 years came to the conclusion that she is an istj , not an estj as we had believed for a long ... plastic is money , too . 1 . istj ( i know this is a shocker for many of you . i have professed over and over about my estj wife and our relationship , but as it turns out she is truly an istj . if anyone is actually ... can you find a niche within the business where the boss might let you install some of your ideas ? maybe a market segment or product that is on the way out anyways , something that he / she has already ... it's like reunion day . i'm back today from a ridiculously long absenteeism stretch , as well . welcome back ! i had something i was going to reply to around page 3 , then read up through page 11 ( because i know any proper istj would want me to have read it all ) and now i don't know what anything is about ... i love all you guys , especially the enfp ones ! i mean , in a totally not gay way , cuz like none of you would actually turn me on sexually . at least , no male to date has done so , but if anyone had a ... god so help me , i'm a nearly 40 year old married white man who is totally into ke $ ha and lady gaga . i just can't seem to admit this to my male friends ... i've just spent the last two hours fine tuning our personal budget . ... makes me want to be a better man . i've been married almost 16 years to an estj . it's a pretty amazing dynamic . we really do build each other up , and look out for the other's blind spots . feel free to search my posts , i have ... this one was hard to find an image of . i could read this book at age 3 . i suspect , that it's more likely that i just had it memorized . it was a disney version of peter and the wolf ... i heard they had punch and pie here . i am so disappointed ... i love all of you ! really , i do . this forum is a charm machine thanks to all of you . oh my , does this hit home . i was like this my last year or two of college as well ... four things pulled me through , i don't know that i could have made it without all of them having converged at ... very well put ! i might be able to survive for 2 or 3 days without my alone time , but then i start to crack . the wifey has always had a smaller social circle than i , but is a more intense extravert around the people knows . i also tend to shy back into my own world around those people when i'm with her . ... i'm still here ! been on a bit of a perc holiday , but doing well . life is a blissful roller coaster ( oxymoron , perhaps ? ) with my estj wifey . you're with an estj now ? how's that all going ? i ... i embraced my ' f ' a couple years ago . i had been in major denial . prior results : entp , intp i'm really towards the middle on the e / i scale , that was probably the hard one to figure out . i ... it's the shoe , isn't it ? gawd , i need to find a pair of these irl . thank you , you are much too kind . the king of dreams , wmdistraction : saw your tips of the cap earlier too , thank you as well ... you are a benevolent inventor . with very high femininity . please excuse me , i think ' the view ' just came on tv . i remember being an awful pre-teen . so bad , i'm really really afraid for what's in store for me in the coming years , as i become more and more certain that my 10 year old girl is probably an enfp ... i've been lurking this forum quite a bit lately but can't seem to get my groove on to put together a creative post . this realization was large for me as well . it took until about 3 months before my wedding to figure it out in these terms , and about 8 years of marriage to completely believe it . i've been married for over 15 years now to a lovely estj that i met in my college years . i knew it had potential the first time we spent any time together alone ... i had this campus job where i ... i take it when i can get it . today is the classic example . i sent the kids off for school , played a game of poker online , watched the latest beavis and butthead , drank my ass off , and ate popcorn . ... i remember a clip on the tv news many years ago of mia hamm knocking in field goals at kansas city chiefs practice . she was totally just messing around with the boys on the team , but i was really ...  was a tossup between this and fade to black . ditto this ! for the most part i am the most docile person you've ever met . however , i have this thing for men who abuse women and children . and yeah , i don't care about the odds , i'll take on ... i'm drinking alone today . and i like it . the female version of me used to post extensively on here . i miss her . she can rip out my brain and spoon feed it back to me . it's wicked scary . '