' albert camus , franz kafka , hemingway , lovecraft , nietzsche , joseph conrad . mushishi , neon genesis evangelion , ghost in the shell , excel saga , fruits basket , fullmetal alchemist : brotherhood , full metal panic ! , hetalia , trigun , captain harlock , slayers , loveless i am sorry , but was that a response to foam weapons ? my spear tends to make more of an ' umph ' sound personally , especially from the person that i just hit because i am just that ba with a spear . right now i am obsessed with the writing style of haruki murakami , and have been going through some of his books . i have done the same thing with albert camus and franz kafka . anyone else here doing ... one of my favorite poem by a man named hughes mearns : antigonish yesterday , upon the stair , i met a man who wasnx 92t there he wasnx 92t there again today i wish , i wish hex 92d go away ... when i ... zydrate anatomy now i am reading kafka on the shore :D i don't know what makes entps awesome in general ; their strong personalities . i would also say that entps are very bold . i myself rock at spearing people , just saying . i fight with foam weapons ; ' nuff said . i cry a lot when my emotions overwhelm me . while i am normally a thinking person , i also suffer from major depressive disorder , so that will make me cry quite a bit when situations i am in get ... i don't think i quite get you . who cares ? am i to interoperate that as the people on this board don't care ? i can understand that . or maybe you mean that the intention doesn't really matter , just ... this last year has been all about the woody allen for me , so please don't be too surprised by my list . and i can't help but notice that sherlock holmes has come up a few times :D these are my ... the most merciful thing in the world , i think , is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents . - lovecraft be the change you want to see in the world . - gandhi ... i will sometimes piss people off because i want a reaction . i think that makes me a bad person . no , more like these if you can even see from this picture . and yes , that is me . and yes , those are foam weapons , spears to specify ... this . um , i fight with foam weapons . it comes with my hobby . nope , because i want people to feel included ! it is more like i know i have a mental disorder . i am under unspecified mood disorder right now i believe . i have my certainties that i have major depressive disorder with c-ptsd . then there is my ... i can't think of any other differences at the time , because i am actually not that obsessed with these personality types . i know what i am , and that is all . leadership - i tend to be high ; i like ... yeah , there are a lot of minors that would fit well . you should probably chat with your academic advisor , or go to the political science department of your university and talk with them . out of the ones that you are interested in , sociology would probably be the best choice . the ones that i have thought about and i believe fit very well are history or economics . i thought i had ... febriarini roseals : free at last ! ! ! and i want to be known as my ' true ' name in dagorhir , kai not mikins . mikins is my slave name . cowboy bebop fullmetal achemist : brotherhood fruits basket hetalia : axis powers mushishi neon genesis evangelion slayers space pirate captain harlock trigun witch hunter robin that's a mighty fine list you have there . here is a few more ! all the president's men - carl bernstein and bob woodward girl , interrupted - susanna kaysen prozac nation - elizabeth wurtzel @ cindjor : people will be people , and if i want to be silly and immature and sort of laugh in the back of my head over ... i think less of people that like michael bay's films . a pirate themed pizza place . seriously , i gave the inspiration , and then a few other people said that they are actually going to go along with it . they have talked to their business professors ... to protect the world from devastation . inception was so easy to follow along with ; i believe that there must be a mass outbreak of idiocy with all of the people talking about how confusing and complex it was and that you need to watch it ... i love for tops lots of band shirts . i do wear flannel . i wear jeans . i wear either sneakers or medieval sandals . basically , most days i am a grunge girl with short hair :p yeah ! libraries are awesome in almost every way . i said it sort of questioningly because i know how big of a dork i can get about them . i simply adore libraries . i know pretty much everyone that ... my dreams do tend to mix and match things from throughout the day , like i guess they are supposed to do or something , and then the most random things get thrown in just to keep it crazy . actually , i ... a library ? i don't have a single ultimate goal , i have many because i am a visionary after all :p current / short term goals : to write the things that i want to write , starting a dagorhir club at my college , ... i had a weird dream a few nights ago where i was forced by my friend and his family to marry him . i found it very uncomfortable for a number of reasons : i don't have romantic feelings for him , he is ... thank you very much . i have been having a lot of fun tonight on the fourms ! ^ ^ doctor freaking who ! ! ! :d the red balloon , the seventh seal , wild strawberries , the diving bell and the butterfly , pan's labyrinth , love songs one book that i can think of in an instant : the stranger by albert camus ooh , and heart of darkness , joseph conrad i almost forgot brave new world and 1984 ! after dark by haruki murakami . especially the ending ... just plain disgusting . i love the graphic novel so much though , and i still appreciate the movie because that is what got me interested in watchmen to begin with :D hannah and her sisters for the second time . everyone , watch that film , along with other woody allen films such as annie hall , manhattan , purple rose of cairo , stardust memories , bullets over ... ringo starr . hello lovely people . i came across this site last night while looking for a test for sexual identity . anyways , you all can know me by the name of mikins carter if you prefer . my main thing that i ... '