' i do , though most wouldn't guess it based on my day-to-day interactions . i can be very open and social . the way my anxiety manifests itself , i've been told , is a form of schizophrenia where i ... xd first thing that came to my mind i think it's because i can't even fathom how to be provocative / sexy . i don't drink , i don't do those kinds of dances people do in twos , i don't curse , i don't say mean things , i actually say poo ... i'd say all but the last 3 . although , when i read the title , my initial thought was commitment , which relates best to the first 3 . i don't like people having expectations of me , i like my alone ... i saw it mentioned plants are life and i agree . i get the feeling though .. that plants don't mind as much . i do think they feel , maybe not in a very easy way for people to understand , but i tend to ... i was just vegetarian for the longest while , eventually , i was drinking a glass of milk and thought of a baby cow , a voice in my head mentioned that the milk is meant for baby cows x . x not mine , it's ... prefer not to say , yes or no only rarely say , impossible would never say , hate regret saying , anything that's ever hurt the feelings of another might say but might not necessarily mean ... yes ! ! ! ^ o ^ i love to smile ! it makes other people feel better , it's an expression of myself feeling great , it can be a subtle acknowledgment of another's existence , it can be a yes or a no , it can be ... what i feel i need regardless of all other circumstances is honesty and not withholding opinions ; that means no being sorry for the way they feel . i would prefer somebody that also has an ... i am a pretty big nerd ^ . ^ ; i wouldn't say i really look it though lol i enjoy cute people quite a lot . which reminds me of the other thing on my mind o . o kittens . i've been thinking about kittens ... so .. guys hit on me frequently when i go into town ( especially by myself ) . i've noticed a trend in the type of guys that hit on me as well as a trend in the interests of men and women recently . i'm ... is mbti type related to the way one learns ? thank you sunrain for this thread ^ _ ^ always good for people to focus on what they like about themselves . especially f types ! :D what i like about me most is , my inner strength and will power . not ... i haven't been on in probably over a month . the new layout is pretty cool . i miss my friends here on personality cafe ! > . < but , i moved . which is why i haven't been on . i didn't get kicked out , i ... yes lol <3 lol had fun on cinco de mayo ? i know i did xd oh my goodness lol amidst a hangover i passed out halfway through this post thing .. i'll edit this tomorrow xd my 2 best friends and i were discussing something very interesting last night . we were talking about the 1 person we all originally had in common before we even knew eachother , the 1 person that : if ... i know i post in the venting thread fairly often . but , i generally have something to vent about . i just think it's healthy to let it all out in the presence of supporting and loving people like ... if i knew how to play any instruments , probably . yesterday , while i was walking home .. i had been feeling pretty down that day , things just continuously not working out is getting old . but , i cheered up , i was like you know , i don't have to feel ... can't you just smoke weed ? x . x shit . or better yet , meditate , deal with your life . you can be on heroin 10 days in a row and your life problems will still be there unless you do something about ... i've lost several friends to heroin .. x . x they didn't die . they didn't tell me they didn't want to be friends . but , they became zombies . i'm not kidding , it's really fucking sad . one of my best ... i frequently mismatch socks lol i just don't think they should ever be matched to begin with . my shoelaces are bright pink , my shoes are bright green , of course i would wear a green sock and a pink ... i don't feel the need to blend or speak as if i were a part of something , you're very right about that . however , i don't feel a need to distinguish myself either . if that happens , it's just because ... nobody will ever understand x . x lol i'm very frequently misunderstood . i generally say positive things like 90 % of the time , even so , people bring their insecurities into just about everything i ... i've had to yell at an infp before o . o the last time i got kicked out of my dad's .. can i say ex-dad ? lol yes .. when i last got kicked out of my ex-dad's , i tried waking my friend up , he woke up ... when somebody yells at me , i start shaking really bad , i get dizzy , my eyes tear up , and sometimes i can't think at all . i get very overwhelmed . there are others where i for some reason just can't ... eyenexepee and overflow that was so cute ! ! ^ o ^ * feels loved * i turned 21 * looks at the date * o . o apparently 2 weeks ago lol i thought it was still april . lol i finished a huge bottle of vodka , ... ( if this is against forum rules at all , i apologize ) so , while really drunk , i thought to myself playing a drinking game with people on personality cafe sounds like a fun and unique bonding ... you know .. that's a good point , more physical approach . sometimes if i've just had some really hard news to swallow , something difficult just happened , i'll find a loud song , preferably with ... i thought the same when i realized i was isfp and moved from the infp forums ;P there's also no isfp porn thread . 2 of my favs xd i talk about my feelings all the time though o . o i make a point of ... thank you both so much ^ _ ^ that all really helps ! i was offered a chance to do a mural for $ 100 . i said yes . i didn't know how nervous i would be though ! it took me forever to get the confidence to just start the practice painting for some reason ... kayness this one is my favorite ^ o ^ reminds me of a tibetan buddhist mandala but with bunnies x3 viva the last one reminds me a bit of pink lemonade ^ _ ^ ( i love pink lemonade ! it makes everything better ! ) woo ! finished something ! the sky seemed particularly pink today ! is the title :) ... vodka is like , my other other wife xd i put it in coffee , chase it with water , mix it with orange juice , drink it straight , etc i get super silly xd very loose , very giggly . i lose all limitations ... i'm usually so quiet that nobody can hear me o . o like , i think i'm speaking loudly and i address somebody directly and they won't hear me from like 5-10 feet away . like , i can be talking to somebody ... ah ! ! i just finished something super cute ! i'm so excited ! ^ __ ^ i actually finished it ! ☼ ... i know what you mean o . o i'm so easily fatigued , sometimes i can keep going though . that's so cute ! ! i've always wanted to do a tea shop , bakery , and yoga place together ; i hadn't thought of including books ! :D where does one find a girl like you to marry ? haha xd i think i'm 100 % ... i think i'm an isfp mostly because of my interests . i enjoy nature , i spend a lot of time walking around looking at flowers and other plants , i am very passionate about art , i love to cook , i love to ... to be perfectly honest .. i don't believe bipolar is even real . i also think it's foolish to medicate it . that's not to say anybody dealing with it through medication is foolish really , i just think ... yes yes yes yes yes ! ! ! ^ o ^ i love cooking ! i tend to just make things up as i go :D most people are afraid to try what i cook when i tell them what i used but when they try it , that's a whole ... i definitely agree with the 2 edge sword thing regarding fi . i'm much more used to infps , and i noticed that many of them either present themselves ( via avatar , music interests , color , books , etc ) in ... i recently realized ! : 0 * points to mbti type under username * it seems to fit better o . o i'll decide if i was wrong about this within a week probably but so far it makes much more sense . i find that sometimes i can go from very calm , pensive , and withdrawn , sitting still , enjoying being mellow and then , a few minutes or hours later i could be incredibly chatty , excited , ready to go ... it's that darned p isn't it ? lol i noticed intps have the same issue .. i've been working really hard on improving my ability to do things like this though ! >:D to be honest .. i wasn't completely honest when answering the mbti test thing x . x i was mostly honest ... and .. dishonesty is usually not something i take part in ... i seem to remember getting isfp ... '