' once you go infp , have fun trying to walk to get the tea . just kidding . actually my intp friend and i have both openly talked about movies that have made us cry . kind of funny . the first movie i cried watching was actually braveheart-freedooom . then it ... pffft .. babies . haha i see , how about ... once you go infp , wait a while to until you try to pee . hell yea .. ha wat ... once you go infp .. yeah , this seems common in infp's . i just like to be up in my batcave at night . but it is my senior year and the lack of sleep is affecting me at school so i've been trying to get sleep at a more ... * chirp chirp * ... that bitch in school . like some bitch that instigated you to get you pissed off ? if so , how did you deal with it ? i'm not asking for advice i'd just like to hear some stories . as passive as i am , i ... and as for the jealousy , i understand what you mean . what sometimes helps me is to first stop feeling jealous , usually we feel silly for even feeling like that . then when i remember i was interested ... sheesh i'm jealous of you for getting to live in new york . but if you got talent use it . or settle , which isn't terrible . it depends on what you want i guess , although i think it'd be very cool to ... pick me gals ! i know you tried to be polite in asking your question , and i'm not insulted but i just want to know why you think other types are smarter than others ? i know some of the nt's have been dubbed as ... in case anyone remembers me , i decided to delete my account before summer started , after awhile , i tried to get my account back numerous times but tonight i got on in and made my new account ! im back ... haha hell yeah i'd love to answer that question ! what would be the consequences ? yeah i'll make a new thread when i do it . where can i get this shit ? ? ? then why are you bitching about it if you are only going to listen to your own advice . no bro , with another chick ! she said she wanted to make me happy and wouldn't want two dudes anyways . joking , right ? my girlfriend said she was gonna give me a threesome soon . for some reason i felt weird about at first , but now i'm just fucking pumped . a goddamn threesome . hell yea . i know ! it's by far the worst emotion . i didn't exactly get mad at her about it , i just told her i was having problems with it and that's why i've been weird and stuff . i think the problem is i don't ... yeah but i've made the mistake of getting mad at her so i'll just look hypocritical and usually talking to other girls never helps . i don't tilt my head when i'm awake but i have a memory of when i realized i put my head a certain way when sleeping , the same way as yours actually . since you guys are helping me out already can someone please set me straight with my jealousy problem . i didn't feel jealous at the start but for some reason i just have started setting boundaries ... i know what you mean . i've had good addictions , like comic books , i think that's the best addiction i've had . and reading novels of course . and smoking . that was fun . and drinking . fun as well . i'd rather be thinking of how much i want to be playing mmorpg empire games rather than analyzing myself and comparing myself to others every damn day . it's a bad addiction . i picked this shit over ... i'm trying to dive in but my relationship gets affected because my girlfriend can make me really jealous sometimes and god dammit , i hate myself for getting jealous . you finally changed your gender ! but dude , your just gonna have to tell her again , you don't want her . say it's you , your going through shit right now , make some shit up . if she says she can be ... it is better to be the dumper . but when your the dumper you can get all the shit talked on you and your ex can get around because you can't get mad , you dumped them . i guess the worst thing an ex can ... ok . my problem is i have to direct this goddamn movie for school and my girlfriend is in my group and i'm the only dude in the group and know some shit about filming , but dammit . i need to make it ... i can feel happy , in a moment , realize i'm happy , and then i think of how great i feel , then remember it's not forever , and that thought will take some of the pleasure away . but i can still be happy ... fuck . i never thought i'd get on more than once in a while each night to chat with people . dammit . this needs to stop . i get on . all the time . it's going through my head , all the time . i feel like since it's so common for my personality to think with emotions and find it hard to be happy , even when i'm happy i can't ... i wanted to know the philosophical explanation if there was one , that's why i asked . and i don't anyone who has a trademark greeting . guy's just leaf me a lone a bout the apostrophe's i didn't underestimate it . i was questioning you about it . you thought i underestimated it because i questioned you or something . realization is a reward ? and the reward is happiness ? so problems equal beauty and fulfillment ? and what comes out of improving ourselves ? could you cut the edgy bullshit and actually explain what you meant ? why buddy ? im reading your personality.info dood introverted 100 % ? not buying it . clingy ? explain . whats up best friends >:) honestly i have to date someone that's more of an intellectual . why do intj's have a problem getting it in ? '