' 8.5 honestly is a really important part of my honor system .  i definately have felt something like this ... its so weird when other people describe these types of instances . you think you're the only one ... strange yeah thats interesting , i just wonder where the jealousy enters in ? why do you think it would be a good idea ? and yeah , guys dont-which actually surprises me quite a bit explain ? ... please back on the open relationships thing though ... i understand what you both have said . and maybe its just because i find so many of the personalities fascinating , but several of them together is the ... what did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend ? ... wiped his ass wanna hear another sick joke ? i'm sorry but your signature cracked me up . i literally laughed out loud . i love cannibal jokes i would love to hear what people have to say , good or bad , about open relationships ? i've been contemplating attempting this concept but i'd like to hear some pros , cons , stories . honestly i don't believe in soulmates anymore . i believe there are some bests out there for you . but a soulmate is an ideal i think we just cant seem to let go of . recently i've contemplated having ... oh this is hilarious . but yeah , i've actually heard the same thing about us infp's and was told similar things by every bf i've had . including the first . which was really interesting . it wasn't like ... i've smoked it quite a bit in different season of my life . but never as a habit . honestly i'd say its almost better than an anti-depressant ( and i would know ) . only because it gives my mind relief ... i think thats great you are not a jealous person :) i also think that you may have missed my point . i have never been jealous of others acheivements , their succes , or what they have . i can be ... yeah , so i think i've mostly identified where the issue is coming from . its the working on it from there that is not making sense to me . it depends on how much i trust them . once i open up . i open up and will tell them how i feel almost all the time . however , i cannot , like seriously cannot tell somebody how i feel when they hurt me ... i'm not sure if certain temperaments are more susceptable to jelaousy than others . maybe its just that different temperaments are more susceptable to jealousy of different things . yeah.thats what everybody says . but i dont see myself as all that insecure . for me i think maybe its more of a trust thing . but i cant quite pinpoint it i have an entj best friend and i dated an intj for a year and half . both of them get jealous of achievements and successes of others too . its fascinating . i just get jealous of love . i agree . it does depend on your value system . i did not rush into having sex when i was younger . i waited till i was an adult , until i felt i had a firm grasp on the good and bad aspects of it and ... okay , so here's the question . is jealousy an infp thing ? do any others here feel jealous frequently if there significent other is paying attention or recieving attention from an attractive other ? ... i become an artisan i'm pretty sure , an extroverted artisan . my affectionate side is amped up and its already pretty high . i'm pretty sure every time i've gone out with friends i've ended up hugging ... well hey dude :P i'm so glad you can appreciate them . however , i'd reccomend being around them for a bit longer before you make your final decision . i , of course , like us quite a bit and am biased ... i very much understand not liking conflict . i dont like it much either . but conflict in a sense is what has moved us forward as a species for centuries . conflict can be creative , productive , ... i attract strange , unique , and often very emotionally needy men with daddy issues . which is rather strange . i've dated at least one guy from each category now and they were still all just a bit ... i'm not a guy so i dont understand because i am allowed to be emotional , moody and feeling . but this concept of how shitty it must be to be an infp male was one i discussed frequently with my intj ... a confession ? i've come to terms with who i am in regards to not fitting a female stereotype . and i will calm defy , refute or simply ignore the pressure that seems to be continually placed on me by ... 1,2 , 3,5 , 6,7- all the time ! ! ! also if i am focused on something ( and i'm talking about simply sitting and staring into space completely focused on my thoughts ) i will quite literally not hear what ... my word-conflicted . i don't think you look like harry potter . but i'd take being called him a compliment . because he's great :P and yes , i do say negative things about myself as a matter of course ... well i'm not exactly a guy , but i tend to not trust super pretty girls either . they make me nervous and it takes me a long time to decide if they are trustworthy or not . which is weird . i live with ... shoot , maybe its not possible ? lol , some people dont think of emotions as an experience ... nice pic to both goosefish and spirisoul , i wonder how many people put on an act so to speak in order to be more outgoing . i've done that all growing up . for some reason lately i just haven't been able too ... psyche major ? some of that is like directly quoted from a couple text books i've had yeah , i think its weird . i know i'm introverted , but i dont actually think i'm shy . when i'm with friends i'm very outgoing , opinionated , and usually the one cracking everybody up with my lovely ... i completely agree with you statement : i'm still fraking sick and i'm tired of it . ( but i do love bsg ) question 1 : for all is , how do you overcome your shyness when you know you need to step outside yourself and be social ? ... you're not . i know another one . like a koala bear . you've got to be kidding me-lmao . did you just shrug ? my intj bf * shrug * s at stuff all the time . drives me insane . glad to know he has company . :P the first time i took the test i came out as an isfp . i read it and was confused , i felt no connection with it at all . i took it again after talking to a friend of mine who was familiar with it and ... if you enjoy talking about just about anything with strangers your in the right place zombies scare me-i'm a wus i don't know if you like exercising , or whatnot . but i go for walks and listen to music . also , an occasional glass of wine doesn't hurt . or chamomile tea ? its an fun temptation , but will it ultimately give you satisfaction ? i'm a student going into counseling currently . i thoroughly enjoy my studies and believe wholeheartedly i will enjoy my profession ( although i still long to take english classes ) . however , my brother ... i do know what road i'd prefer to traverse given the options . thank you for your input . we all have egos , i wasn't trying to be insulting in the least . just seemed like it has all become silly talk ... well , * sigh * i think this thread has taken a stupid and useless turn in conversation as you are all now strutting your egos around . the point of this site , or at least what i understood it to be , was ... unfortunately , being a poor college student i cant afford to be picky and find a cbt specialist . but maybe someday . i'm learning more about it myself as it is in my field . how do you like your work ? ... hello all , i have thoroughly enjoyed ( with sad but thoughtful interest ) reading your posts and conversations . i am the girlfriend that therealdrag 0 zach is talking about . i saw that a couple of ... '