' i love reading , and i wish i wasn't allergic to dust , so i could read all those beautiful , old , dusty books . i love seeing people smile . i like using teaspoons rather tan tablespoons , even for soup :) i love funky knee socks ! when you're about to go abroad for 10 months , on a trip you've been looking forward to for years , and * suddenly * all you can think about is how much you're going to miss all those you love , who ... looks as if we infps follow the majority of the population in this . ah , well , we can't all be non-conformists :P l no one's ever said this to me , but i actually am , for the most part , a happy person . this time i came out : hufflepuff - 15 ravenclaw - 13 gryffindor - 9 slytherin - 7 but i've taken tons of other hp quizzes and they always come out different . sometimes ravenclaw , sometimes ... i second senhorfrio's notion . people , even parents - especially parents - do not have a right to abuse others , not matter what they do ! you don't care enough don't you ever think about taking a break ? you have no principles i lived train me to think then i will wonder train me to wonder then i will blunder train me to blunder then i will seek train me to seek then i will peek - ever after quote ( i know , i know , sappy movie - but what can i say ? at heart i am truly a sap :P ) [ after davinci opens a locked door by removing the pins from the hinges ] louise : why , that was ... you're welcome :) weirdest thing . i was about to answer the poll and i realized i didn't know which answer to click . i used cry quite often , since i've always been sensitive , but recently i've been crying less and ... hiya . i'm an infp girl , but sorry no videos . even if i was so inclined as to make one , the only computer with internet renders it impossible for multiple reasons . i do enjoy seeing everyone else ... great idea ! :) here's some of mine : just because you can't reach the speed of light doesn't mean you shouldn't try and go faster . we things harder by thinking they are hard . happiness is ... i ditto all that's been said . you definitely did the right thing , try to feel that - even if some tough stuff happens . i wish you all the best . the tunes of life march , march hup to right and march , march hup to right slow and steady beat by beat we progress , we digress excuse me , but i think you should correct the everyone in that statement . i'm perfectly alright with being a p . more spontaneity can be not such bad thing ; - makes life more interesting :) besides , ... hey sorry , but i've got to disagree . i'm an infp and i'm almost positive i want to be a high school teacher , ( though i'm open to the idea of elementary too - i love people , but especially kids ) . i've ... i am the one who , when she was four , preferred to sit on the playground and watch others play . i am the one who can secretly cry for your pain , and show you the biggest smile if i know that's what ... these definitely sound like me , and are things that make my non-idealist friends roll their eyes at me . none to add of my own since i can't ell how many of my weird habits are infp-related , how ... i'm a suburb girl . i really like how where i am mixes nature and civilization . i live around a fifteen minute ( give or take ) drive from just about any entertainment i could want ( library , movie ... my two newest poems ( just typed today ): flying sight to sleep upon the eagle's wings , and dream of flying high . to soar beyond all mundane things ; make real the longing sigh . up and up ... infpnerdgirl , i'm actually quite fond of your name . it makes me smile every time i see it . goes pretty well with your picture of belle too :) mine's rather boring , ( especially after reading everyone elses ' cool explanations ) , but here we go : a . b . and g . are my initials and 613 ... is kind of hard to explain - let's just say it's my favorite ... thanks for answering ! interesting , i've always been fascinated by the ambiguity of that line ; it can be interpreted in so many ways . here are my two favorites : a psalm of life by henry ... hey , senhorfrio , i've read a bunch of your posts and your thoughts sparked my curioisty . what you think the line i took the one less traveled by , and that has made all the difference . means ? ... my mom , ( who i'm pretty sure is a guardian ) , does that all the time . she can't stay mad . if you smile at her she has to smile back . i'm somewhat like that , but that's only when i'm mad and trying to ... i stand corrected . you're right , someone might kill someone else for their beliefs in america , but at least it's not legal to dos o ( unless of course one's religion says you have to go around killing ... ummm might i point out : america is where you have freedom of speech and religion ( no one is trying to kill you because of what you believe - being from a religion where people having been trying ... and mine are brown . just about as brown as eyes can get in fact :) i'm an infp and i'm almost always happy . i don't know if it's about imagining that you're happy , though i do think tour perspective is a big factor . i think it's all about appreciating whatever you ... * grin * i early started introspecting at age 12 . i found out about mbti at age 16 , from a teacher / mentor / friend of mine . it's just one way to look at yourself , and i don't think anyone fits perfectly ... my advice is : don't wait till you get out . otherwise you'll have wasted a good chunk of your life ! what is that you want to do when you leave , start thinking about it now , or if you already know , ... it's an interesting idea , but you can have too much of a good thing ... hilarious ! i agree that i had to work very hard on myself to become a good listener ... it's so easy to just wander off into your own mind and get stuck there . i am the one who longs to share all ... i just graduated , and i can honestly say i loved high school . not that i loved every class , or was thrilled at every event , but that generally it was loads of fun and a great learning experience . i'm ... i like teh song too , but seriously dude , smoking's not just bad for you , it can kill you . you should try and quit . i mean just go google some pics of a smokers lungs vs . a non smoker - it's enough to ... i also love being a infp . i got lucky , though my parents are a guardians they've always been very supportive of me , and encouraged my creativity and different perspective on life . also , i somehow ... thanks , i really like your poem that's at the top of this page :) if you'd like to see more of my poetry you can find it on poem hunter . just type atara into the search box , i'm the only atara ... wow , how do i choose just one poem to share ? hmmm - oh i know this is perfect . ! it's one i wrote when i was in eighth grade , but i still like it . it's very infpish * grin * . well , here we go : quite ... hmmm , this is such an interesting idea , let's see ... small , quirky detail ? how about that i have this weird opinion that no one is normal , and that in fact it is utterly impossible to entirely ... '