' we spot someone walking with a water jug filled halfway with light blue liquid . esfj : that looks like antifreeze . enfp : oh my god , it does . intp : you guys think someone would just walk around ... my greatest love was a fellow intp . seven years later we still talk and catch up every couple of months . there's still a lot of feelings on both sides , but it would never work out . our intp ^ 2 ... to witness white power and eat bacon name a reason to not visit texas unless that water was turned into a life elixir by jesus , then no . that was just a side-effect of the disease . rabies affects the central nervous system , so while giving the patient water would help ... i'm starting to see a trend in our personality's dislike of this book . also , catcher in the rye and also anything by steinbeck . blergh . i'm curious to know what everyone's favorite classic ... lol ! ! he-who-must-not-be-named a job what is black and white and blue all over ? queer eye for the straight guy what is an essential necessity for life ? looing at sandra bernhard through beer goggles name something that you hold often yes , you can treat rabies , but if not treated it's fatal . i think currently there's only three cases of patients who have gotten rabies and lived without treatment . it never said , but i hope that's not her real face haha if i told you , i'd have to kill you . me : what would you do if i died ? intj : move on . me : :: gasps :: ... seriously ? intj : :: laughs :: you're so emotionally affected by that . me : i refuse that answer . what would you really do ? intj : ... 176554 right after basic training when i got to see my dog . love her : blushed : 176730 my alll time favorite photo with a friend : 6 ' 2 vs 4 ' 10 . you just made my day i'm extremely aware of the religious connotations of that phrase , which is specifically why i used it . not a fan of the religious undertone ? let's replace it with one of my favorite quotes by ... wouldn't accepting a meaningless existence , in turn , be creating a platform meaning that there is no meaning ? are the siths still dealing in absolutes ? did you ever read sam harris's free ... what . will you be my obi-wan ? teach me your brain waves ? lol ! ! is your avatar putin riding a bear ? my go-to is sweats / leggings and a shirt . or running shorts . why can't i just wear those everywhere ? but apparently i can't . what's with the new cut-off shirt style for women ? and the 3 short ... exact same experiences . it's the micromanaging that i have encountered with them that brings out all of my negativity . they've also always felt the need to take charge as well , even though they have ... my best friend's hobbies are , in no particular order : bragging arguing manipulating sales meetings ( see manipulation ) data sheets professing their awesomeness game of thrones cats church and a goal-setting meeting lead by an entj . it lasted two hours . it was horrible . this cat's derp face while being interrogated : do you want to know why i use a knife ? untitled oh my god , i laughed so much at this . my so , two of my best friends , and brother are all enfps , and everyone is my friend is their life motto . i love going to social events just so i can watch ... the infjs and entps in my life always seems to gravitate towards one another . one is a married couple , and the other is a questionable bromance . both pairs are always arguing and misunderstanding one ... don't get caught up in society's expectations , and never do anything for the money . the most effective , brilliant brain washing system . they really kill you with guilt , morals , and love . it will mindfuck you for years after you leave . i applaud them for their ingeniousness . when ... caution : graphic and morbid , but very interesting , especially if you have micro / virology background if you are afraid of doing something , then of course you have to do it . for once , no sarcasm . i really did enjoy it ! she . and i think it takes a particular dry humor to laugh at toast . why was this so funny . i died that was horrible advice . please refrain giving relationship advice in the future , especially when it involves a marriage . i . love . infjs . i've only known two , but they were both so witty and funny . i love philosophy , and they both understood the subject at depths that i didn't know was possible . infjs are the only ... yes , he's taken up photography and just invested in a new camera . i am really hoping that he will , as you said , just pour of all his energy into that . he's also very social so i am not worried about ... my enfp friend confessed , while chewing gum , that she was starting to like the taste of spearmint . i excitedly started explaining how caraway and spearmint , despite being so different in taste , are ... : frustrating : i cringed just reading that . i do a lot of crazy things for my enfp , but i don't know if i am capable of that ... :: applause :: i can't believe i am asking for advice on a web forum , but it's the most logical route since there's hundreds of you to pool from . i am about to deploy for eight months . my husband is the typical , ... we are all linguists most of the advice has already been given , but i just wanted to pose the thought : are you on the path you want , or are you on the path that society is telling you to be on ? i am asking because you ... '