i haven't taken this test in a while , might as well give it another go . you are most likely a type 7 . taking wings into account , you seem to be a 7w6 . type 7 - 9 type 6 - 7 type 4 - 6.7 ... your score was 19 out of a possible 50 . scores in the 0 - 25 range indicate little or no autistic traits . 7.8 / 10 too much water it's still fun i've been alive since the dawn of the universe   as a fellow fi dom , i would say i'm critical of most people , i'll willingly share sometimes even negative criticism if it's a person i am starting to hate them . if i don't know them very well though , ... dustanddawnzone thanks :) the distribution of your scores : type 1 : 8 type 2 : 12 type 3 : 7 type 4 : 14 atheist infp here ! i grew up in a household which didn't care for religion much though . my esfj father is an atheist , my isfj mother is ' spiritual ' but doesn't follow any religion . extremely salty / 10 meat clown the next level advanced euronews then i fell asleep . why doesn't this forum have an awful moe personification yet ? probably esfp make sure you give it a kind of title that could be described as ' clickbait ' . nonsensical titles are also appreciated . another word of advice would be to make sure the title criticizes , no , attacks a ... 1 . shitpost on the philosophy / current events / debate forums with the most controversial , disgusting , pointless , ridiculous ' ' opinions ' ' you can , remember , if you don't throw up in your mouth a bit ... maybe estj i want to get off mr.perc ' s wild ride . i don't know you all too well . i can say infj is pretty rare , but i think it fits with the only information i have on you , the username and your last post . tanstaafl 28 of course misterperfect you act like a sterotypical intj a little too much i consider myself ' slytherin ' but my results are normally a close tie between , or a mixture of ' slytherin ' ' gryffindor ' and ' ravenclaw ' . i'm pretty certain it would be anger . i think disgust and fear would come in close second . psychic + electric there are no proper psychic / electric pokemon as it stands . guess i'll wait till sun and moon . infp i'm not sure if i would consider myself charismatic ... just some extra info : - i'm a people pleaser [ not often , but with the right people i can be ] - i'm not very confident [ i am confident ] - i ... istp i don't think we have met , but ' hardcore shipper ' along with the undertale reference , seems to tell me infp . based solely off your avatar , i think enfp works pretty well . i could also go with esfj and enfj .  4w5 - 1w2 - 7w6 the perfect storm everyone everyone i think some types are a little less susceptible to lying , but all mbti types have a reason to lie , it depends on which situation they are in . perhaps ... fe - how they feel about a given topic , ... just from the avatar alone , yes . 132 the fact you consider this an issue at all is ... really something . i think any type could be into philosophy , really . if you consider this a major issue , why don't you fight to change it ? 113 i think i've already tried typing you , intp seems accurate enough , i could also go with entj , or possibly intj . i'd say ... probably . i'm arrogant as hell i'm assertive and can be aggressive too at times i'm very easily amused my voice is rather loud i don't always have to be ' fading into the background ' i can be a good leader ... slytherin , i think .