' hello ! :) i feel like i can relate to you on more levels than one . my high school years were devoted to studying and i feel as though i failed to embrace it as much as i could . so when i entered ... welcome ! i understand where you are coming from , sifting through friends is completely foreign to me but communication with them is quite troubling sometimes , especially with the different range of ... i have also fallen in love with trees ! i have no idea why , but you just feel so ' at home ' when you are surrounded by them . maybe it's because , i can probably relate to them a lot , ' part of the ... i believe that everyone is unique , in their own different ways . i'm sure this has been well-established already by reading the responses to this thread . however , i believe a reason why everyone is ... dear injured bird , i know we only met a few days ago , when you were found hobbling on the side-walk trying to find a safe-haven when you were injured . i never thought your injuries were serious , i ... i certainly try to maintain an open mind on things , it's amazing how different ideas and evidence can change on whose perspective it is put in . i know i can definitely be hard-headed and stubborn ... i can definitely see why we infps are an ' acquired ' taste . when people first meet us , they get a feeling that they can't really understand us very well because of our more aloof and distant exterior ... i can see where you are coming from , you would think that spending so much time ... with yourself , you would be comfortable enough not to listen to criticism and harsh words voiced by others because ... it happens to the best of us ! i assure you . my inner voice sounds so expressive , in depth and my ideas sound so complex in the inner workings of my mind . however when it comes out , it comes out ... hmmm ... i don't think i will ever forget this memory . but i was with my 2 friends , and we were around 9 years old , and we found a ' secret hideout ' in the very large bushes near the local park . so we ... i remember when my sister was trying to think up something to draw on her best friends birthday card . she asked me if i knew of any cute animals for her to draw . my immediate suggestion were sea ... hmmm ... a very interesting thread idea ! trees are living things , they have to grow and nurture in the soil that they were planted in , a bit like humans a little bit . except they were not blessed with ... judging by your sig , avatar and username . i would say either an infp or an infj . ( my sig shows my type so i won't display it ) i am very protective over my twin sister . since spending a great portion of our lives together , sharing about everything including looks ( to some extent ) and birthdays , i have come to be really ... me in high school ; * friend sees me carefully and clearly writing date on book * friend : why do you bother writing dates on the start of every page of your book ! you really don ’ t have to ... 81670hahaha , probably mr . nonsense , judging from my signature : laughing : . aw , these posts are so sincere and it warmed my heart to hear all these : blushed : . however , a lot of the fellow infps don't really know me very well , i just lurk in the shadows and just read peoples ... yes , vibes are fairly common around me . i find myself walking home alone and feeling a distinctly bad vibe radiating off an innocent bush i just walked past , and then kept getting it everyday i ... i love people who don't shun my ideas . i always get a pleasant warmth it the pit of my stomach when i say an idea or a particular opinion on something and that person smiles and contributes to my ... unique is such a lonely word . well , i think that a lot of people have their unique qualities , although those who choose to embrace them are truly unique . but since this thread was made to make ... as soon as the green jelly beans are offered , i think that is when the tree branch snaps . : laughing : although without the help of the mystical power of the green jelly beans , when someone is ... well , i consider my mind to be like a world in itself , but if they switched places in a sense , but retained the human life currently residing in the normal world . it would be rather chaotic ... hmm ... it really depends on what type of person you are . but when i feel like the world is closing in on me and my rage is brimming the surface . i drive off somewhere that has no people , sit on a big ... 79614since i am a huge dr . seuss fan , i love his imagination and creativity , i'd always read one of his books when i was sad or depressed . i would like to think some of his quotes are directed at the ... i hate it when ... people put books over their heads to shelter themselves from the rain . that book is valuable too , someone spent a great portion for their time writing and publishing that book and ... erm ... merely on your avatar you remind me oddly of the artist julian opie with a mixture of abstract graffiti art , even though his are a lot more simple and less abstract the base colours and the ... someone who i can herd on various adventures with , to mountains , deserts and snow looking for rare flora and fauna and watching the stars . someone that will laugh with me about our misfortunes ... 78939this would probably be mine . no oxygen or gravity , everything just floats around . but it still is probably one of the most chaotic places to be . huge black holes , meteorites flinging through the ... i guess i love everything about rain , especially storms . the roaring winds , crack of lightning and pattering of rain on my roof is one of the best lullaby one can get at night . even when it is just ... i think my emotional appetite is one of the hungriest and greedy desires i am currently sporting . i crave acceptance from the ones i care about , the ones that can overlook my abnormalities and ... well , since it was someone i knew , i would probably give them an enthusiastic exceptionally usual thank you ! in contrast that if it was a stranger , the reply would be a mumbled good , thanks .  ... i really don't know what people mean of a sixth sense , but i have met people that are usually good at knowing when they are being watched , even when the person is not even standing in their ... yes , i actually experienced that a lot . when teachers in school asked me what my opinion was on things like controversial issues my answer was very different from all the other students , always ... i love it when ... the car driving in front of you has the same expression that you are making . 78035 i don't understand ... why we insist on counting the stars when we know there is too many to count . at least , counting the stars isn't as complicated as understanding other humans . extemporaneous . i think it might be the weather getting to me . i have always wanted to live on a cliff by the sea , hearing the waves roaring and the wind whispering and howling as my lullaby at night . living as far as i can from cities that pollute and air ... donkey kong : country on nintendo 64 . i obsessed over that game , i played and played until you could finally see what the baddie looked like at the end level at the game . 77835 yes , i always spontaneously get that feeling a lot , the feeling of determination to change something for the better , to help the greater good of this world . then after a while , reality comes crashing ... my inner world and outer world clash like fire an ice , but strangely compatible since i did base my inner-world on experiences that occurred in my life , mainly so i can escape them . but i can't help ... well , i only react badly when i am in a room with absolutely no air directly from the outside , but it doesn't seem to happen when there is an open window in a room . maybe i'm just looking at it ... hello . i usually donx 92t post things like this , but my curiosity is a little overbearing at the moment and decided i would relay a problem i seem to have to you helpful and encouraging people online ... i would invent ... a spray that makes rainbows in the sky . so you could just spray it at the sky and you could make a rainbow ! also i would invent a way to actually sleep on clouds without going ... you know you're an infp when ... you are walking out of your class and when you get to the door you see the clock that is hanging near the exit . up close , you can see the name of the government ( of ... wow , this is truly inspiring . from a statue to a music artist with so much trust , it is truly wonderful . i'm so glad that the artist on here made an effort to have a personal connection with her ... ok ! * places creative cap on head , along with giant swirly glasses * first of all , for all those animal-loving infps out there ( including me ) we will be airing the “ slugs and bugs : the sea ... 77409 uhhh ... i would say blue-ish brown i think ! the brown is usually washed-out , but in this photograph it is very vibrant . 1 . the person who you are walking with is the most important person in your life . your answer : my shadow 2 . the size of the animal is representative of your perception of the size of your ... i was actually quite smart in highschool , well , my friends said i was smart in my own weird way , i could think outside the box with ideas and held strange notions close to my heart . a lot of girls ... i would probably say we , counting me , my shadow , my imaginary friends and my few real friends ( if they were with me at the time ) . '