' oh god trap loool happy new years ~ ~ ~ that was smooth definitely . i wish i could sing like that , i would get so many girls - - - nvm i have a girlfriend lol aside from kpop ... lol , this is currently what im listening to you ... well buddy it's sad to know that your relationship with your enfp has ended but i hope your relationship again with your ex will turn out for the good of you . more power to you but definitely avoid ... definitely dont start on the manga i like this song too much haha , he's one of the most underrated singers too and this song is old af but i remembered it not too long ago > . < it's sad to say that she had to go through something like that . but it does seem like she didn't want you to deal with it and she wanted some time alone to think about it . i would agree for you to ... lmao that has been my favorite song once i heard it before for a while but then i got tired of it xd  this is the oldest i could go otl it sucks that you guys had instant chemistry . it seems that this is true for most istp and enfp relationships . sudden fireworks when you first two meet . it sucks that you guys have to be far apart ... mine's probably more outdated lol if anything , i wouldn't post what's wrong with me because it's nsfw very nsfw lol i should be punished for this otl the sims harvest moon series pretty much all i could think of that were fun for me i want my bills to get paid for christmas if not , i want a home where i can have some pets in my native country is the philippines but i moved to washington , usa and now my job is here in the heart of japan sunny out and feeling locked inside my room with nothing to do really broke so can't go out much - __ - sitting down in front of my laptop , typing this thing called a reply to this thread lol im lurking around this site , listening to music while enjoying a warm sprite ( i kid , its disgusting ) and ... thinking about my finance right now and future plans / trips ... most likely to pi only thing i desire right now is cuddling with my cutie pie girlfriend but i won't see her till tomorrow ... ate some homemade yakisoba from last night :D life is good ! i guess it really differs between a person on how they communicate together . my istp seem to be good at solving the problems right away . she doesn't want it to just sit there . when it's concerning , ... i have an istp girlfriend and it seemed like we just connected . i hear from her friends a lot about her doubts and stuff like that . i heard from her about stuff she used to think about before in ... i feel like i express myself better in writing than in speech . i feel like in writing i can fully express my thoughts than when speaking in front of them . writing can give you time to think through as an enfp , i'm just usually touchy haha but i know my boundaries . sometimes i hug my friends when i feel i wanna cuddle someone but i never placed my shoulder or held hands for extended periods of ... what did i just listen to lol i listened to that taco cat too xd ! sounds like typical things i would listen to when i'm bored hahaha it's a cute bubbly korean song :) i listen to a variety of music lol , unlike other enfps , i guess i'm different i like the color navy blue , black , and white , and sometimes maroon / crimson red i like neutral colors goals ? what are goals ? haha jk , i do have goals but i don't focus on them sometimes when i'm usually distracted with something that interests me more . 1 . do you have a strategy for goal-setting ? ... nowadays , when i'm home alone ... ( since my girlfriend is working and i usually hang out everyday with her ) i usually text other people to see what they're doing or usually , i distract myself in the ... when someone poses an interest in me romantically or non-romantically , i just tend to turn them down if i'm the least bit interested in them . if i find them interesting , i keep talking to them even ... cannot agree more lol ! i'm socially awkward sometimes so i'm quite the unhealthy kind otl i usually have trouble committing to one projects especially if it's a fanfic ( yes i wrote fanfics ... this is so true about me haha . usually , when i like someone , i go out of my way just to talk to them ( that is if i've already talked to this person even just once ) . i usually just stare at them and ... i used to be into colorful stuff but growing up , i tend to love the dark / neutral colors . my closet now consists of navy blue , maroon , crimson red , white , gray , and black . clothes wise , i have many ... shut up you know so many people you're very open : my most recent picture of myself lol ... happy - when everything around you seems a little brighter . it's a relaxing feeling . it's as if nothing can bring you down , not even a scolding from your boss can bring you down . sad - when ... must have music especially when i'm all by myself . and sex ... sex is a must if i'm in a relationship lol . when i'm single , i don't usually look for someone to do it with although once in a blue moon ... i usually fail at keeping my focus on my job . i'm usually distracted . especially if i'm interested in something new , i would discontinue what i'm currently doing and start another one . i'm also bad ... enfp : ( in no specific order ) 1 . chris brown 2 . armin van buuren 3 . gareth emery 4 . girls ' generation 5 . one direction 6 . all time low 7 . backstreet boys 8 . nicki minaj well you did say that he enjoyed killing people so who's to say that he wouldn't kill some other people ? definitely wouldn't save this person lol , i might die too . intj - met her online . she's very introverted and rarely goes out . she likes playing logical games . doesn't usually speak that much ... i guess she's very reserved i could say . but she's really smart ... enfp clear extraversion : 18/21 clear intuition : 21/26 clear feeling : 22/24 moderate perceiving : 16/22 i thought i would get other results haha , good to know i'm a definite enfp do you jot down everything the teacher says or summarize the concepts ? - i pretty much jot down whatever they put on the board or whatever they say . i just feel like most of them are important and ... i think i was infp before because i was very introverted and had no people skills but now i have relaxed more and am more extroverted than i ever was edit : i remember when i took the test two ... from what i learned from dating my istp is that she was very introverted before . cool and calm when meeting new people but she said it takes her to pull off one of her sense of humor into them to see ... when you're talking to one of your friends and just bring a random stranger nearby along with your conversation , for a quick opinion or just to have them join in general hello ! i've been pretty into the myers-briggs for quite a bit and i'm still new about each and every one of them . i mostly know though about my personality type , enfp , but somehow in some other ... '