' your post really makes a lot of sense to me because i also feel like i need some sort of real meaning that i can touch and feel within me . i want my actions in this life to matter in the long run and ... i feel like i have come to a breaking point in my life . nothing is really wrong in my life and i should feel pretty happy since things seem to be going well for me . yet , for some reason i get the ... public speaking is strange for me because even when i think i do horribly at public speaking , other people still understand the feelings that i am emoting while talking about something i care about ... still alive by lisa miskovsky i have changed i have changed just like you just like you for how long ? for how long must i wait ? i know there's something wrong when your mother says to you one day , you're just like your father . and then the next few days she says , you're just like your sister . and a week later she says , i have finally fixed my voice mail and changed my password ... only to find several voice messages left by my manipulative ex . it's almost like he wants to rub salt into my healing wounds . i haven't ... do not make any decisions until you have proof . you don't want to scare her off . the dream that you had was probably just your subconscious just telling you that you are feeling a bit jealous and ... you can't really go off of these goofy false tests on the net . you have to figure out your functions and you have to study them to understand them . the test just gives you some possible types that ... i think every person can become manipulative without really knowing what they are doing . most people do it because they want something from another person . however , i think i can sometimes become ... honestly , i think you are experiencing a phase in your life where you feel like you don't fit into your sj and sp environment and so you are trying to be something that you aren't . in other words , ... personally , i think this is the type of video game that an infj or infp would greatly appreciate . i can't believe i had let him back into my life all over again because i felt pity on him . and what does he do ? he has sex with me , then dumps me like nothing . he is an insecure pig and i don't even ... - you think you know everything , but you don't . - i wish you would come out of that mask . i really hate how fake you can be at times . - why do people always have to be so fake ? - life ... why can't all people be like that ? : sad : i want to be understood because i have noticed that people tend to not accept things that they do not understand . in fact , people always seem to fear what they don't understand , which makes it harder ... my intj mother is the only person who truly understands me . : sad : i have never met anyone else who has ever understood me . not even my dad . sometimes , even my intj mother has a hard time ... i think you had gone through the same experience that i am going through now . my controlling ex-boyfriend had dumped me a month ago and i am still trying to get my self-esteem back . i won't get into ... a part of me feels like the world is going nuts . every time i see the news , it is always is filled with some sort of chaos . sometimes , i feel like i am trying to become numb to it all , so it can't ... please , someone help me . a month ago my boyfriend had dumped me and i am still devastated.he had dumped me because he wanted to control me and turn me into something i was not . he had manipulated ... i donx 92t know what to do anymore . part of me just wants to know that he will be ok . i think that i have come to the realization that my ex needed me even more than i needed him . the part that scares ... when my ex-boyfriend and i were fighting , he had told me that he thought the valentine ’ s cookies that i made him were cheap and that i should have put more effort into them . it was so hurtful to ... why do i always have to be a villain to people ? no matter how hard i try , i just can ’ t seem to please everyone . people always seem to scrutinize everything that i say and do . i feel like i am ... for me , it is nature . it is like waking up in the morning to find that the sun is still shining outside my window , lighting up the rich green tones of my room . i find it completely captivating when i ... my ex would usually get mad at me for not paying enough attention to him and typically he would say that i was zoning out , but i never even noticed it before until he actually said something about ... i think that you can still find someone who is like you . there are plenty of people in this world . someone is bound to also not be interested in physical attraction . just keep being yourself and see ... dear self , you always knew that love was painful , but i don ’ t think you fully understood just how painful relationships can be . your first lover is gone now and this is just your first lesson ... yes , my emotions will get the better of me from time to time . i got really emotional recently when my boyfriend ( after being together for 3 years ) broke up with me . i had really overeacted to it . i ... i am finally letting my toxic relationship go . we were just too incompatiable for each other . i am also want to get rid of the pain , fear and blame . i am sick of blaming myself for the break up , even ... it took me a while to finally accept the fact that my relationship was failing . i should have known that our relationship would eventually fail due to our conflicting differences and our ... dear self , please learn to accept the things that make you who you are . do not ever compromise these things . do not try to change yourself for another person . here is a list to help you learn how ... damn ... i had no idea that someone would have us all on record . : laughing : watch out for this entp . he is on to us . i wouldn't say that no infj can entertain the ' what ifs ' of a situation . for example , i am an infj type 6w5 . that actually makes me question the ' what ifs ' all the time because i need to figure ... i am actually thinking that this is getting far more heated than it has to be . i have been reading the responses and i can say that the entp's do have a good point about how a person shouldn't ... spoilers ! the dark knight rises and also this one from batman begins . doesn't everyone deserve to be a little selfish sometimes ? honestly , i have learned in my life that being a little selfish can sometimes be a good thing . my intj mother gets frustrated with me ... ok , this is crazy . i know this is crazy . it's completely insane . : blushed : but , i think i am starting to become slightly attracted to my infp college professor . : shocked : i hope that i am not . that ... i confess that there are times when i don't wish to be an infj . : sad : i confess that i get lonely sometimes . i confess that i really feel misunderstood . i confess that i really wish i could meet more people who are similar to me . i confess that i really feel ... dear self , your presentation was horrible today ! you were so nervous and hardly any of your classmates understood a word you said . well , that figures . stupid ti function . : frustrating : ... dear world , you are filled with cruel beings that think too much and feel too little . sometimes i wish that some of these beings would have a little empathy , a little consideration for other ... my parents decided to make me dig through trash today . yeah , pretty screwed up . i feel like i am treated like a dog sometimes ... : sad : dear infj self , i know that you ’ re becoming increasingly paranoid about your boyfriend lately , but please stop it . you ’ re paranoid and scared that he will damage the trust that you have been ... yeah , i agree . i think this video explains the issue pretty well . dear stupid teen boys who were following me , what is wrong with you ? don't you know how to treat a human being with respect ? judging from the way that you and your buddies were talking to me , ... dear hurricane sandy ( my name ) , you have taken my name and now you're reeking havoc in my area ... i have really grown a hatred of you . sincerely , an infj who shares your name p . s . i am ... dear boyfriend , i love you with all of my being , but sometimes i fear that youx 92re becoming very intolerant with people who are different from you . you say that homosexuals should all go to hell , ... i have learned that people tend to look at differences between people , rather than look at the similarities and connections that we all share . dear person who thinks that sexism is just a part of human nature , which means that it can't be changed , what planet have you been on ? sexism is not a part of human nature , since it is not ... why does the word ' relationship ' always mean having a romantic interest or a ' significant other ? there are plenty of relationships that people have everday that aren't romantic . '