' lmao that video is awesome man ! not acting like an intj ? really ? is there something i missed where it said how to be an intj ? i thought it was just how you function in the real world . other then that , you may be real mushy because ... lmao ! i just pictured you licking the windows and stuff , pretty funny , idk if it would be as funny as i imagined . but hey , i'm sure you cant get sued and if you do just use the excuse that you didn't ... i think everyone is selfish , and we either get along through our selfish similarities or don't . though , i think society needs a level of respect and understanding , which is simply given by ... haha i do this a lot , it's worst when i am pissed . it's like i'm talking to another person but it is myself answering myself and figuring out answers . or i'm preparing speeches for my ideas , and ... haha , the sad part is even if there are two asian men they still don't compete with the ' average ' male . lmao much appreciated man .. i'm going to look into that , thanks . get an asian girl guys ! 5 years older the most and has to want a kid when i turn 35 . i don't have much luck with young girls anyways ( 18 + that is ) . i'm 20 by the way . why is that ? i got a basic phone camera , i got one for my computer if it makes a difference , but it is my profile pic on here . i am more philosophical / scientific then religious , but i do talk to the universe based off of my christianity past . i see god how i see life .. no matter what we believe in i can say that we all have ... i would keep them in mind , but not to dwell on it . if they return then they return , if they don't then they don't . truth is , you will never know if the person you will be with will be there forever , ... ... here is another one , you don't have to give them money , you can give them something they asked for a long time ago . or brought up when having conversation . people enjoy surprises especially when it's ... if i go based off my test results im an intx . as i said , it may work it may not work .. but if you for example have 200k in the stocks or savings and you invested money into different sources that give you what your going to give your parents in ... it was towards flay , i should of quoted her but i think i just put reply . i cant say your a women because your profile says your a unisex , or confused . rofl sarcasm much a majority read the intj because they think intj have very good outlooks on life . let me ask you , why did you change the question ? is there something you are trying to get out of me ? or a way to poke ... i'm going based off of what this female told me . just as if i would put intp i would go based off of what you are telling me . think of this , if i put an idea that is common people would be interested .. that is the thing , it's not common , it can benefit peoples families or answer some questions people have for their ... just an idea .. just like every other post is an idea . mines is just different because it isnt based off of the fact that it is a typical idea , i am a intj an i am mad .. you can either take it and ... it's hard to tell you what you are because we are only going to give you what we experienced through either us or seeing other people . i noticed every n i meet loves learning about illuminati , ... also it's kind of hard to generalize such as them not being intjs , that would put us on a superior level . i think it depends on the person for that particular moment , some s people or sjs or whoever ... i agree i think this should go for everyone .. if you see me laughing and joking with my friend you would say he is an extrovert . based off what you see , and i think people put their minds too deep ... your welcome if you care about money then minor in that and major in something that will benefit you .. stick it out then go back to college and get your phd when you are financially stabled . if you do not die ... depends on what you want , do you enjoy it ? then phd that mofo . what do you care about in life ? do you want to be wealthy , will it benefit your current ideas ? what do you want as of now ? does a ... in the stock chat rooms .. making money baby , making money .. or at the book store reading aristotle , day trading , or in the science area . stephen hawkings has a new book by the way with pretty ... people that say that try to lower your ego so they can eithe rbe on the same level or above . we all want to win , and also , a majority live in the here and now .. i get that when i talk about how im ... the only person i lose patience with is my father which is esfp if you want to know . but it's because i expect him to do better then what he does , especially when all he does is whine when he is ... your expecting too much out of people if you lose patience .. just speak but break thing down as you speak . if they cut you off from the start then it saves you some time . the only time i bring up ... i'm going to try to make this real short as possible . we all know how a majority of families are in this world , where they want to kick their children out of the house so their children can learn ... wow this was very helpful .. i appreciate it a lot , thats why i thought i was a p , but now i see it . i also have an urge to be adventurous . i want to get agressive inline skates and learn how to do that .. i bought a guitar but i dont play it due to my laziness , i want to surf ( when i achieve my ... 1 . i only want to play an instrument for the song , i dont care about its meaning . 2 . i gather knowledge for a specific purpose .. whether i want to learn about it or someone ' important ' tells me to ... i totally agree , and i appreciate the feedback . i assume the best thing to do is to just find out what i enjoy talking about , and proceed that for a little until i get my money's worth . so basically ... i need help finding a career .. help me out people ! ! i will label some things about me , and see if you guys can help . i'm into making money , so it must be a 4 year degree 50k + a year i am ... rofl , you think the p can make one more childish then the js ? i notice every p person i met is sloppy and childish . i could be trying to generalize which it may come to a failure . i didnt know the functions can change i thought they only build but that is something to know about . a sensor can become an intuitive ? and what will happen to their functions ? will they all switch or ... i also have to be clean and look good everywhere i go .. i'm only organized with things that do not require too much physical energy . like the computer and shit lol . good question .. i think inside my mind for the intangibles i am intj .. but for the physical world i am intp .. if that makes sense .. lol thats why i dont know how to classify myself . my room is a ... well as far as reading a book goes . i skip through it until something catches my eye .. the story life lines and stuff like that bore the shit out of me .. that would be something if he is an esfj .. he ... talk about calm relaxing music baby ... i listen to this sometimes when im outside just looking at the stars , or kid cudi's old tracks . ... rofl i tried bro .. i been searching to try to find ways to see what judging types fit me and this perceiving type thing .. idk what so ever .. i can tell you one thing , i work with an intj .. dude ... what happens if i get diagnosed with add ? i mean will college give me more time on test ? i have to have more time or something .. i will go over the details if i am bored with the subject . i'm very ... i tell you what man .. i cant stand my dad .. he is esfp .. ridiculous man .. what a big baby , and doesnt accept his wrongs for what they are .. cool guy to other people and when he isnt drunk lmao . funny thing is , i'm actually intj with a dom-tert loop due to me being paranoid .. lol :/ sorry guys .. and i may have add .. i'm not hyper so i dont think adhd is it lol . intj ( super duper lazy and i ... i need help with a picture of mines . i want to see how i would look with dreadlocks . and i am wondering if anyone can do it ? i wish i could post on all types but i dont know how to . ok i just found it , wow .. lmao ! intj or intp ? let's take a look at intj's main function - introverted thinking ( ) . that's right and this is not a mistake , in socionics the functions are ... '