' i see what peace could look like . i hear people around me complain about people and things they don't like , things that make them feel hurt , angry , sad . i hear through the media of people hurting ... it does make sense that intuitive functions would have a natural place at the beginning of an idea , or some kind of project . the perceiving functions take place at the beginning during planning as ... out of curiosity , what do you mean by an evolutionary split in human consciousness ? i think not having a solid sense of identity could point to a few types , namely 4 , 6 , and 9 ( which make up the doubting triad , fittingly ) . what do you do specifically to explore your identity ? where ... yeah i see 7 in there lol . leaning 7w8 . i see 3 ( w4 ? ) as well ... could be 378 tritype . but i think more information is needed to accurately type you . for example , going in-depth into why you strive to ... finally decided to do a questionnaire ! feel free to ask if you want me to elaborate on anything . i tried to keep the answers relatively short . 1 . how would an author describe you in a book ? ... squirt - since you posted this , i have seriously been considering 6 as my main type . like you i was put off by the loyalty thing , but still resonated with so many 6 aspects , so i figured it's in my ... it's likely your parents had a big impact on your 9 - ness . i had a similar upbringing with similar results . your first real relationship in the world is with your parents ; you adopt many of your ... what about extroverted 9s , which there are plenty of ? maybe it can go both ways . instincts could also play a role . social 9s are the counter - 9 , investing heavily in their external environment to find ... errant can you talk more about unity and completeness ? how do you find it , and what is it to you ? i resonate very strongly with the idea of unity . the idea of everybody in the world uniting together ... periwinklepromise don't worry about sounding judgy ! ! i really appreciate the honesty . i like the idea of starting from square one . i'll do that :) the thing is , i know most of this ... reading your questionnaire , i felt 4 , 6 , and 9 were strong . i'd say 9w1 is your gut fix . your answer to 11 seemed to point away from 4 as your main type - - you sleep and ignore problems in the face ... thanks for your comment ! i'll do another questionnaire . i did one awhile back but no one responded to it , so that was great for my ego lol . i understand 9s have a lot of these traits . but so do ... thank you for your comment ! that's one of my biggest complaints with 9 descriptions . they don't do them nearly enough justice . at the same time though , there must be a reason they're described ... 4 minutes into the video and i can't believe how much it mirrors my relationship with my 9 boyfriend . he does all of those things she said 9s do . when we call each other after an argument , he always ... i definitely see 9w1 as your core type and 7w6 in your tritype . can you elaborate more on why you see 4 ? you could read through descriptions of both the 279 and 479 tritypes and see how they resonate ... i'd like to help :) what results have you received on tests in the past ? what types do you lean toward and why ? what do you desire in life , and what do you fear ? what do you feel like when ... since discovering the enneagram , i'd always been begrudgingly sure i was a 9 . on the surface i had all the 9 problems : wishy-washy , avoidant , passive , overly accommodating , lazy . but deep down , i ... ilana is definitely an esfp 7 . i actually think abbi is ixfp , leaning isfp . even if she is a judger , i don't see the fe . i made a comment after the one you quoted with some updated typings . i'll post those below . i can see what you mean by jaehyun being guarded - - he does give off this air like he's holding himself ... hycocritical truth teller so happy to see another fan here , i feel like we're becoming endangered lmao unfortunately i can't comment much on hongki ... surprisingly with how loud he is , hongki ... hycocritical truth teller holy shit , another ft island fan ! ! : o i've been thinking he's an estp for awhile now as well . mostly just vibes though , and the fact that he's so vocal about fnc and ... sentimental i got the vibe that she looked more in-depth than just observing gifs as well but i wish she'd actually utilized what she'd watched in her typing . she didn't explain the ni-fe in taeil at ... thanks for the link . i can't take this person seriously with her typing through gifs thing . granted there are useful ways to use gifs , like if there's a quote said by someone that supports a ... yuenyein me too ! ! but no one was typing them so i was like okay i might as well go first lol te-doms can care about people too . kyungsoo is ixtj and he cooks for the exo members and likes to ... yuenyein yay i'm so glad someone else is here to help type nct u :) i've been studying them for the past week and i've made a few changes to my original typings so i'd love to discuss . taeyong : ... has there ever been a consensus on baekhyun and chanyeol's type ? i know they're most likely and most often typed as exxp but i feel like no one can agree on the two inner letters . i lean esfp for ... i'll be excited to see how people type nct u when they get more shows and interviews and such :) ) i haven't watched nct on air in english yet but from what i've seen , taeil seems istj , mark seems ... distortions 6w5 9w1 4w5 sp / sx 5061465061 54 my infj best friend is going through some bad depression and when he vents to me , i feel like i'm stepping on egg shells with everything i say , like everything i say is the absolutely wrong thing to ... jakuri dyslexicon thanks for the answers . i can see how non-sp things can still be an sp-dom's obsession if it satisfies their appetite . what would you both say is the difference between an sx 9 ... folk : niiine . so apparently self-preservation 9s have a tendency to seek personally-gratifying ways to numb out , such as watching tv , eating , shopping , etc . in order to avoid personal problems . what i'm ... 1 . some kind of intx , maybe intp because there's that inferior fe . 2 . assuming redirect means to turn your own insults against you , i'm thinking entp . esfp . se causes them to buy things ... the only thing you can't type me as lol ok i've been working as an aggressive salesperson at a mall kiosk for 1 1/2 months now and i'm kind of weirded out by how much i enjoy it . the thrill of the challenge fuels me - - what's the best way to ... lycanized yeah it was mostly just intuitive , don't take it too seriously haha . you seem emotionally intense like a 4 but with a 5 - ish aloofness . what do you type as ? strong bulk brah your eyes ... lycanized thank you : th_love : guess on instinct stack ? 4w5 5w4 8w9 sp / sx for you . strong bulk brah i've already seen your tritype and stack but i will say you fit your tritype well lol . definitely ... i still have a pretty shabby understanding of enneagram , but what helps me distinguish between being 6 - dom and 9 - dom is the stress / growth points . 6 ' s growth point is 9 , but 9 is just how i normally ... annatar i'm glad you relate ! we can figure this out together lol . unfortunately that was just my writing on the social instinct , i have even more to say about my relationship to sx and sp . ... sorry super long lol it wasn't his actual writing , but notes that someone took during an instinct workshop he held . he put a strong emphasis on the fact that so is extremely misunderstood and that ... i feel like i'll never figure out my instinct stacking . every time i think i'm onto something , i read a different description that makes me go oh , maybe not and then i'm back to square one . for ... strong bulk brah 8w7 with a really strong 7 wing and a 3 fix , so / sx . despotic nepotist 5w4 , unsure of wing , 4 and 8 fix , sp / sx . despotic nepotist 6w7 9w1 3w2 sp 463050 4631 06 464946 injuredsoul 4w3 1w9 5w ? soc ? god i suck at face typing sorry i don't see how that could be impossible . some mbti / enneagram pairings are far more common , yes , but ( almost ) no pairing is impossible . i think 9s usually appear more like feelers because of the ... i only came here for the free butt sex ... : suspicion : jk i see you're currently typed as enfp . may i ask why you're questioning this typing ? to be honest i'm getting entj vibes from you ( a lot ... demonex 5w4 4w ? 8w9 sp / sx ? maybe sx first . it's the stare . 463050 4630 66 463106 4631 22 sp / sx pnfi - totoro - an infp in this mood knows that the possibility for dreamy cuddles is endless . just don't piss it off . i like this description . '