' cardinalfire i know my sexuality . i think you mean inquisitive . ;) oracular.ostrich how would a zombie cliff work ? would the vegetation try to pull you in its mouth ? am i able to tell it to ' shut its shore mouth ' ? these are the questions that keep me up late at ... jebediah - i'd love a ball breeze i'm sure you would . ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) mr . meepers * backs away slowly * . also , i was going to play tf2 but never did . :P whoputstheirfaceonabus - i stepped on a padded bra once and hit my head on the ceiling i laughed so much . the chatbox makes me laugh . p . s . cardinal remembered the rave dildo ! not hate but it feels uncomfortable . i prefer third person so i can see everything . it's supposed to feel like you're the person in the game , right ? but it doesn't feel that way . no no , i destroy ! the big bang is my enemy . where does your name come from ? i only think of meep . meep meep . reading through comments and noticing that a lot of people commenting thought that you can only be mathematical and scientific or artistic and musical . music is actually quite mathematical and ... kidding , but that's something i like . yes . when i'm trying to discuss something , i want input . or when i'm pointing something out that's obvious and really doesn't require much brain power and people tell me i'm smart . ruuude . :P do you know me , loaf ? the one that is your mind . genuinely teared up at the solar eclipse today . it was beautiful . a solar eclipse like that won't be back for another 85 years or so now . : c mine has shown only 11 people visiting me since shortly after i got my account ... i don't think it's still 11 . why won't it change ? as for why i was listening to this ... i - i don't know . i've been craving meat all day every day for about 2 months . maybe i have an iron deficiency . i just want some lamb right now , goddamnit . it's okay . i'm not sure if this a rhetorical question . but , i don't know . that depends on how bad she's been in the past . if she's just going to keep on bothering you , why give another chance ? maybe her ... oh , well i see your dilemma now . i don't know if she's selfish and play the victim or just not very self aware . still , i feel sorry for her that people seem to dislike her so . good luck to you then ... reach out for others , because in your time of need you would want somebody to do the same . sounds like she's going through a really hard time . you don't even need to hug her , just at least be ... this physics work . nope . i don't want to do research about resistivity surveying . just give me a 0 ! this makes me hurt from laughing . :D excuse the lady at the beginning if that stuff offends you . her smile whilst she's in that pose made me laugh , though . it doesn't match ! anyway , ... hahaha , that's so odd to me . didn't chuck lorre or someone say that sheldon cooper was not created to be on the autism spectrum in any way ? i've never heard that one before . : laughing : the well known ' bohemian rhapsody ' . yep , i posted the lyric video because i'm singing along . ;) i'm pretty sure anyone would get offended by someone saying nobody gives a fuck when you're talking about something because that's plain rude ! edit : then again , it depends on their mood and what ... cry laughing at number 4 and number 2 . never use resting bitch face as an excuse . :D yeah , i've only seen it twice but his face is golden . just watch it . his face is so worth it . skip to 2:14 . yay . you took ages to respond to that . probably planning what to say ... okay , i'll shh now . well , i'm not sure now that i'm trying to think about it . mozart's 40th symphony in g minor makes me sad that mozart is dead . creeps me out to think about his skeleton , too . odd to imagine him alive writing this . hugs and to go to university . this excites me . edit : and the other movements , too , but this one the most . i think i posted this already . :D hope you're feeling better today . well , i don't know the situation but i still hope you are . hmm ... no idea . it isn't positive at all but i can't identify it . you didn't reply to the majority of what i said ! 1 . hmm ... i've taken better care of my appearance recently . i've been going through some things and appearance wasn't really important to me . i've ... i'm going to reply in a list format to this because it's easier . :) 1 . i feel like you're generalising intjs here . 2 . you said you're young . just how old are you ? 3 . i really wouldn't force ... 1 . i am currently in year 12 studying maths , biology , physics , and chemistry . 2 . i wish i wasn't in year 12 studying maths , biology , physics and chemistry . 3 . i play the piano and have since i ... works for me ! is this a joke or is this serious ? overprotective parents . why is my mother happy that i'll be sleeping in same sex dorms ? what does she think i'm going to do ? what about homosexuality ? ! '