' have a more specific question about entp i wanna ask , but too shy . : s is it fine to msg any entp about it ? i haven't met all personality types but i'll speak about the types i've met , and most are based on only one or two people i've met so the list is subjective to change if i meet a rational person of a ... well , few reasons . it's in the past actually , but whole lot of family problems , and dealing with high expectations and stress that come out of it along with the fact that it seemed like as if it's ... this question may be kind of debatable and i don't know how much it depends on type , but would entps date someone with self harm scars ? thank you . ^ ^ ahahaha , 13 lol . xd i'm actually 17 and going to turn 18 early next year . but many people do mistake me as way younger than my age . 138569 1385 77 my everyday look for school + uniform since i couldn't be bothered to change out of it . the intp description is actually kind of true for me . the more i think about the future and what i lack in order to achieve my goals , the more i obsess over the imperfections and what's wrong , ... - wanting to change me because i'm different - not even listening to what i've got to say , and it's all about them - not wanting to listen to my words or even trying to understand me before passing ... it's not generally weird , but some compliments that aren't suited to the intp stereotype : you look so cute <-- ( most common ) you have a great sense of fashion you always look great even ... i spend as much as i earn ... unlike most intps here , it's not food that's the problem , i manage that quite well , but clothing and beauty . i just hate how similiar entps are to me ( intp ) , yet i can't see to figure him out . yet it's also what draws me in about them . haha , i feel like i contradicted myself . this is random but we have so much in similiar in regards to what you stated ^ what you said about changing type sounds interesting . do you mean , like deceiving themselves into thinking that they're a different type ? and do you personally believe whether it possible to people ... personally , i'm still in high school so i don't think my answer will be much help and don't represent much intp . and also unlike stereotype , i'm planning to get a career in a games design field when ... though i've only listened to the first few according there seem to be lots of male voices , haha . okay , this is awkward but here i go : vocaroo | voice message i feel so weird . : blushed : do you mean like , the person's insecurity about the object criticized , or more of a general sense that the person who's criticized tend to be insecure overall ? yeah , that is true . maturity and life experience will also play a part in it . and it's actually fine to be sensitive like that , everyone has times when they just want to isolate themselves and cry ... reading what you've got up there , it's actually pretty similar for me . if someone who's unfamiliar or has no knowledge of my reasons or effort passes a judgement before understanding and just ... ooh , yeah . i remember there was this dude , who was entp and i opened up quite quickly , in just a few months i feel like i could trust him because of the aura too . maybe because of intuition ? and i ... i see , it does make sense since some people prefer a softer manner and others a more straight-forward , and know exactly what is wrong and how to improve it . could the value of how important the ... personally , i think just not too much small talk and actually interesting subjects like some mutual ground that both of us take interest in . and approach the intp as a friend first . since it takes ... just wondering if there are any relations to sensitivity to ( constructive ) criticism between mbti , and healthy / unhealthy types . since , there has been occurrences i've noticed to make me question ... 5w6 intp here . i was probably more infp in the past if i were to look at the cognitive functions . while i wasn't that well at reading emotions , i was more certain of what i was feeling and i did want to care for ... i tend to like leather stuff for some reason . leather jackets especially . alright , i'll provide break lines next time . didn't even think it was as long as it was when i typed it , and only after i posted it i saw a large block of text . and thanks for the feedback . actually iq test results and school grades both show nothing about intelligence . iq tests are biased towards intjs , as it's more about thinking alone in your head , finding abstract patterns , and the ... i don't know if it's meant to be a stereotype , but i've had a few people which didn't actually understand me other than on the surface who called me either unemotional or emotionless ... or even ... alright , thanks . though it isn't really an intp / intp relationship as the intp i'm speaking of is myself . xd i'll begin with the first encounter , and also maybe situations i'm in which may take an ... i'm not sure if i could actually explain the situation , it would be a pretty long story ... but yeah , uncertainty breeds doubt and lack of trust , and that may be the reason . because there's no solid ... haha , alright . thanks . :p for introversion , she hates to get dragged outside to socialize for 2 days in a row . if it's just school or with friends , it's fine . but in the holidays , she absolutely hates it . for sensing , she ... sounds reasonable though i'm not sure how it would work , since we have interests in different fields . while she plans to get a high position in society , i simply plan to reach for what i want ... to begin , it's about trying to understand a particular istj i know of . i'm an intp and my sister is an istj . i know we do have quite a few differences that i could understand in terms of making ... intps are likely to do the chameleon thing and pretend to be an extrovert , so probably intp . coming from someone who acts like an entp in real life . : tongue : i think intx are better at typing due to like said , they prefer to be detached and observe without as much bias as other types . also because of their introverted intuition preference , they are likely ... haha , thanks . i was actually kind of embarrassed after i typed that and didn't know whether it made sense or not . :p roud : i'm also an intp with istj sibling . coincidence ? xd overall , there ain't too many problems , other than at times when i feel that she's too stiff with schedules and keeping everything clean and neat ... though i'm not an istp , i have a really close friend that is ( infact the only friend which i could trust completely ) . i don't believe that istps are cold-hearted at all . though when i first met him , ... an intp asking a question about intps . orzzz um , let's see , how should i start ... has any other intp , ever , let's say , have been confessed to , but sort of ran away / turned away and rejected the ... i've got quite a few dislikes ... actually . what pisses me off the most is people cutting in without allowing me to finish my sentence , talking over me , ignoring me , and not even trying to understand ... high-school so far ... well .. not really , since i'm still studying . but i plan to study through university . thanks , haha . ^ ^ sometimes i also couldn't get serious , if it's a friend that's taking the photo . 88376 i usually don't put too much effort in appearance , but that was a photo from when i need to attend a formal event . but i'm an intp and a student studying the subjects of visual design and studio arts . also i've always being drawing ever since i was a kid . '