' well , mostly i don't like avocado . but , the primary problem here is the fact that i imagined those thing sort of ... lumped together . lol wynonna judd . ( it's the profile ) there's nothing natural about the way i look ... also , no excuse for it . : cool : considering i'm doing nothing at the moment but answering questions on general chat i would say i am rather bored . : tongue : well , i was going to say my last google was what does a baby look like at 12 weeks but , that is now untrue as curiosity compelled me to look up hidrawhatchamacallit instead . i had a dream about my mom , and she was drunk ... i've never seen her drink a drop of alcohol for my blasted a / c to work ! hello , 103 degree weather . blech ! : bored : ( sorry ) a crab cake . it was a two second stare-down that felt like a lifetime . it was the first time we saw each other after that summer . - - you looked so hopeful . i could see a second chance in your eyes . after ... remember how we met how you talked how we laughed how we sneaked away ( just for a night ) how we kissed how we fought how you calmed me .. really loved this squeeze every last drop wring my heart dry .. drink it down . two times down .. there will not be a third . where is this going ? it does not matter you're here . why do i try .. slow down , child good things come in time . sweet baby strong peaceful .. let me learn chain of events meet love marriage fight twenty forty pride misery i make my way deep into the woods prey .. i soon tire your will is mine our thoughts are one savages day after day you leave me sitting in my corner passing me over .. i brushed my hair , put on a patient smile . you promised tomorrow two years ago . now anger is building , an orgasm of rage . uncertain i face you . show me yours i'll show you mine .. what you'll see underneath has never been exposed . this is real i will never turn my back again . virtually bitch slap them . lol . no , the crow is right .. ignore them . hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.com elijah wood ... * drool * not strange .. a . w . e . s . o . m . e . a conversation june 2 gemini ( and freakin proud of it ! ) i don't feel a bit like an adult . i am 23 , have two kids , and have been through a lot of shit ... but somehow i can't rub off the forever 16 feeling . maybe not the most romantic , but still ... what's to hate ? i've only known one , ( that i know of ) , and i happen to love their personality . in general , i find other people's kids to be annoying . there are exceptions . the possibility is there regardless of reasoning , it still sucks .. i'm sorry : / * hug * x 2 this has to be one of my favorite feelings in the world .. and the most destructive . i've had a handful of those wow moments , but i've only had one that really rocked me . it actually changed me and i ... enjoy your perpetual youth and use it to your advantage ! : laughing : i often see things happening in my mind , i . e . i will see myself running into a friend at the store , and then a couple hours later when i go to the store i run into that same friend . i can also hear ... i'm not really into video games in general , but i l . o . v . e . playing sims . absolutely addicted ! when i have time anyways ... i have to disagree . entp's are actually pretty smart . i happen to know one that has a fantastic way with words . he would've made a good lawyer ... not saying they have anything on enfp's though ! ... good grief .. that's me all over ! in fact , i couldn't even read most of the other comments because they looked too long . : blushed : that i could have multiple lives . ( so i could have the time to do everything my little heart desires ) oh hugs ! i don't like them from everybody though .. you know , maybe the elephant was just being picked up so he could catch the peanut ? yeah . that's what happened . yes ! ! ! or was it no ? ... .. you're easily distrac .. ooh ! something shiny ! : laughing : ... don't understand people who are constantly angry . i am right there with you ! it's kind of amusing to me when i notice the vast difference between myself and coworkers .. just in the way we handle things . they get all pissed off at the littlest things ... i found out a long time ago that i have trouble expressing my true feelings even to those i'm close to . it takes a while , or a deep sense of trust , before i just spill it . for me , it could partially ... lol ... jk : wink : no freakin way ! ( a ) tom and jerry ( b ) jim carrey ( top fave . too many more to list ) ( c ) i like v words : vivid , vivacious , voracious .. ( d ) fall ( e ) monopoly ( f ) men's cologne , rain , caramel .. ( g ) red and ... maybe ... if i were into girls it's hard to say .. i don't have enough info about you . '