' could you change my username to witchesbranch please ? i voted insensitivity . i find the idea that irrational people are unable to become more rational an interesting / peculiar concept . i've never met anybody who is unable to grow in either sensitivity or ... will his reign of terror ever end ? ! i find this really interesting because when i first started learning about shadow functions i understood it to be your first 4 functions , but reversed e . g . intp becomes esfj . but now semi-researching ... can't argue with her sources . estp / estp iceland during the aurora borealis , whilst bjork plays a live show in an ice crater . ahhh that would be the life . on a more realistic level , amsterdam was my favourite holiday so far and i can't ... there's been a lot of good job advice on here . i know 2 other infps and one is a counsellor , and the other has just gotten into counselling from marine biology for similar reasons you mentioned . ... haven't got chance to watch them all attachments the minute but the first one is brilliant ! i usually listen to stuff like bjork , cocorosie , max richter , etc ... monemi yea i can see where you're coming from . i can't imagine we're exactly the type that would be naturally drawn to each other . the only reason i met the esfp i dated was cos i was really drunk ... i'm not sure if i know any estps but i'd love to meet one and see how it went . i'm generally up for trying anything but don't have the natural drive to get up and do stuff . i think if u met an estp i ... no , you got it right . when i say flaky i mean i'm kinda unreliable in a social aspect . i find it really hard to make plans cos i have to feel up to being around people otherwise i find it really ... polexiasmallpox i just meant ti and fe as judging functions in your mbti type regardless of which one is preferred . and that's what my initial thought would be on how most nts would see ... make it go somewhere ? i know 2 infps , one of which being my mum , the other being a childhood friend . and 1 infj , who's my best mate who i've known for about 10 years . both infps are actually ... thank you for the reply ! i've been meaning to read this but keep getting distracted . i'll definitely give a go now . also , i'm aware i shouldn't mix up depression with cognitive functions . but my ... flaky . this word looks so weird . it's pretty much as i put it in the title . my younger brother is an isfj and i can't help but think that most of his problems would be solved by developing his ne . ( the same way most of our problems ... yea , i know what you mean . it's not a good feeling :/ . but you can overcome it , it just takes work and know how . c . b . t ( cognitive behavioural therapy ) is the best known method of treating most forms ... i've only met a couple of entjs but i've always gotten along with them really well . i tend to find how blunt they are really funny , i also like how they get me to do things without me realising i'm ... i'm an enfp when i'm drunk too . why does this happen ? my enfj friend always gets me drunk when they want me to talk about my feelings lmao . downers , bjork and a saturday night in alone is almost my idea of heaven . this song is so profound it's hard to comprehend . chalk stall oops sorry replied to wrong person . it's tapatalk being crap :/ . again ? lmfao . i'm intrigued . hahaha :) , maybe it should be ? what was the first thing that came to mind when you saw it ? sorry i tried to delete it cos i posted it in the nt forum too . sorry . stahp lmfao . just ask them when they're getting girlfriends . what would you prefer to do ? and my older brothers always trying to get me to go to go out with him . * sigh * this happens to me every year ! especially on big birthdays like when i was 18/21 . stunnedfox thank you for replying , i think you ’ ve made some good points and ones that i hadn ’ t considered so far . i get where you ’ re coming from though , i find that it ’ s much too rigid also . i ... a a ix92ve been considering the validity of mbti for a couple of months now and one of the main reasons , are the issues with typing myself . i feel comfortable in calling myself intp as this is what i ... lol , i get where you're coming from but some people have issues reading . maybe they find it easier to put it into their own words ? i'd love to learn hebrew though . i can relate to this too . i usually just put my phone on aeroplane mode and use it as a pocket encyclopedia to google answers to random questions i come up with while it's connected to wi-fi . it's ... that's exactly what you are . the unified field is just an omniscient field of infinite possibility that experiences itself subjectively . lmfao isfp if i could choose to be any type it would be enfp . enfps seem to be the most comfortable in conversation out of all the types i've met . maybe that's the reason i'd prefer to be one , who knows . i'm the same , i have 2 friends and that's more than enough for me . ones an esfj and the other is an infj . they're both accepting of my isolation periods and just make jokes about me going into ... visiting peoples profiles over and over again , but never making contact . that was so beautiful . irrelevant but i just thought i'd let you know lol . i love the nf threads , it's always easy to find a poetic comment somewhere . that was so beautiful . irrelevant but i just thought i'd let you know lol . i love the nf threads . i love this :) . do you still feel like you have that imagination ? and how do you feel it's developed and changed as you've grown older ? wtf , i've never heard anything as cute as this in my life . i actually can't get over it . sorry , i've only just figured out how to reply on tapatalk . my last comment was aimed at this . this is an si thing , isfjs in particular have almost eidetic memories in regards to emotions and and what people said and how it affects the atmosphere of a situation . my younger brother does it ... you have a good sense of humour but you aren't funny . that they think they're the only ones who remember it . hello aera : happy : , i'm glad to hear you want to learn more about yourself , and thank you for sharing what you have about yourself . there are tests you can take that show individual function ... '