' thats what 4 bottles of souju ( korean rice wine ) and countless beers looks like lol at times i would like to be swept off my feet by some tomboy , assertive type of chick . but that only happens in movies . until then ill just clean the lent out of my belly button while drinking ... heres me , shit faced in echo park in los angeles ( im the guy on the left btw ) before my friend in the middle left for ... im currently playing the divison on ps4 and its ruining my life . i worked in a customer service like position for 9 and a half years for a very reputable finance firm . it was hell . everyday . but it was rewarding to help someone out and i was actually ... someone who isnt me sold drugs to friends and people that he trusted . it wasnt a full time job for him , but he did it just to smoke for free ( he would buy a certain amount at a discounted price , sell ... naps , tumblr , violently masturbating , harassing my cat , netflix / hbo-going / youtubing until i fall asleep , going on car drives . don't think this is an infp thing , but i wouldn't dare subject my self to that in the morning . i sweat a lot during the day and especially during the summer months out here when i sleep . i guess ... usually its a trainwreck , and usually ends with me drinking alone in my apartment listening to al green , regretting anything i've said or done , pondering and stewing about things i've imagined . the sexiest quality a woman can have : is that she's into me . lol but in all seriousness , some qualities i look for : an infectious laugh and smile . like the ... depends on who im with , where im at , and how fucked up i am . i've had people stop what they was doing just to watch me dance before , or people asking how i did a certain thing . im the one out of all ... i dunno but my ideal career would be my true love <3 i'd love to be an actor , even though ive never done it . i'd just hate the life that comes along with being an actor ( interviews , press releases , showing up for events , meetings and shit ) i guess im the only one that likes hangin at a local dive bar on a weekday night . i'm not getting shitfaced , but maybe a beer or 3 . you might find me spacing out enjoying a beer and silently ... dude ! ! pandas ! ! xiongmao is the mandarin word for panda . which roughly translates to bear cat if im not mistaken ? ( any mandarin speakers wanna confirm that ? ) pandas are rare , have this since ... backhanded compliments . and talking about peace and unity . but like what teddy roosevelt once said , speak softly but carry a biiiggg stick ! ! first order of business would be a ... so i've been working at this brokerage firm doing operational work since late 2006 . i'm almost a decade of my life here . the pros the job pays pretty well . for someone in his late 20s making as ... if it was a crime that i did not commit , id vigorously masturbate in protest . i'd at least make a name for myself , see if i can get into the guinness book of world records . most times ... damn dude ! hope all is well and get some rest ! reading that made me tired ! ! turlowe like superfly tnt ! ! when i dont have my beard , i have a baby face and usually get carded for buying cigarettes . well i am mixed . two to be exact . and i am not either of those , but close . =] thank you =] i recently just noticed that i get asked this question alot , next to the very frequent question i've heard whole life of , what ethnicity are you ? i usually cant help but laugh and ... astralflame umm i don't officially write music .. i might of done a few things messing around in ableton but nothing serious . you might be mistaking me for this guy 476818 reggie watts or ... i just got done stuffing my face full of bbq was fighting the urge to sleep right there . i really wish i can add professional daydreamer on my resume . but i do catch myself daydreaming about stuff at times when i shouldn't be , like when i'm driving or working on something important ... - wood , any kind of wood . - a freshly lit match - gun lube - a fresh spent bullet casing ( burnt gunpowder ) - gasoline . - high octane gas being being burnt from a race car - vanilla - a fresh waffle ... no seriously , this question is fuckt . id just kill asshole thats making me choose . but if that isnt a possibility , first , do i have kill my family myself ? or is it just kinda done ? and can i make ... bruh ... sounds like you're going through a tough one man , and im not gonna lie , its kinda hard to follow man . i aint no doctor or anything , but sounds like you got a chill deficiency . calling all ... i wonder if the op actually spoke to her ... its been five years . and yes i am as well . ive only just recently for the very first time in my 28 years of existence summoned up thr courage to admit ... im very thin skinned as well . but i just keep on truckin , even though im dying on the inside . i honestly dress like a bum . i really dont like buying new clothes . i just recently realized that i still wear clothes from middle school and high school . i literally have my own line of vintage ... i just discovered the magic of tumblr and its random , very obscure humor . its defineitly full of very emotional , cynical type of people . i alwaya thought myself as a dog person , until my friend gave me a black cat out of a liter his cat had . this ... oh man dude if you feel that way , dont look up the #wastehistime hastag on twitter . but i feel ya 110 percent man . i just think most women see is male infps as an interesting / entertaining men , ... : blushed : thanks . not sure why people like those glasses on me . i get it at least once a day . i stole them from the maid of honor at my brother's wedding : cool : i've been debating about moving either to the bay area , back to southern california , portland or seattle as well . i havent been to seattle or portland , but i hear its lovely there ! not sure how ill ... i dont take compliments well either . sometimes i feel that people just say it just to say something and usually dont really mean it ? ive owned a few guitars since 2001 . i dont really consider myself a guitarist , but i do like playing some thrash metal and hard rock every now and then . i also like playing the harmonica from ... i just grow a beard because i can , and always had one since i was able to grow one ( my first job as a teenager didnt allow any facial hair below my lips and below my earlobe ) plus im too lazy to ... i honestly didn't know what to answer on the poll , but currently at the moment , i am not smoking any weed . ( because i'm at work : kitteh :) but i'm actually on what i've been calling a forced ... my lock screen . i recently discovered the magic of tumblr , and found this on there and could not stop laughing for 5 ... deadpool . usually , like what someone else said earlier , i just pretend that some hot date is coming over and it has to look clean ! ( which never happens anyways ) but another thing i try to do is like ... i just recently deactivated my facebook because i realized it just made me feel more lonely . but last i remember it was something like 750 + i never really checked that number . i identify as a loner , but other people have pointed out that i'll always run into people that i know when i'm out with friends . i rather just watch other people have fun while i just cold chill . i rarely buy new clothes . i wear them until they fall apart . i literally have my own line of vintage clothing . ( i still have shirts from middle school , and i graduated high school 10 years ... i'm afraid of people asking what i'm afraid of . but for reals . i do hate being in the center of attention ( public speaking , when i become a topic in a large group of people ) i'm afraid of ... this is probably the best advice i've heard about this issue in months . glad i can turn to another fellow infp guy for some insight in this treacherous and hostile battlefield of the dating game ... its just completely heartbreaking to see . then i find out that she's actually hooking up with said guy , but was trying to be low key about it around me . i know its not a big thing , but ive been a ... '