' judson joist , omg ! you deserve the highest of fives for reminding me of that movie . it's difficult to introduce this song because i'm not even sure how i first heard of it . i'm not sure how well known these people are . i don't know if this song ever had any airplay . what i do know ... noah webster ? 718058 yes , just that single picture . it matches my strat ! 718050 i was trying to force a stretch . yep ! it's giorgio armani . i thought using a picture of the state or country of georgia would make it too easy . my thinking was that the name george and it's italian ... i don't know how you get julia roberts form that ... 717497 7175 05 717513 this happened to me only with cumin ! my second ex wife is a chef but my son is from my first marriage . they never got along well . one time during a visit , right around age 16 , he was looking ... this . i'm listening to this . nope . i don't think the character is well known , but i decided to do it anyway because i'm certain you know who it is . i feel like i cheated because i had to look it up , but according to ... this one was driving me nuts ... and this one is to make me feel better i presume . auric goldfinger . 714826 7148 42 714850 7148 58 omg ! it's hunter s . thompson , right ? i was going to do that instead of euclid . penn & teller ? i have the feeling your other one is pretty straight forward , but i haven't heard of the person it refers to . yeah , was that way too easy ? how about another stupidly easy one ? ! 714442 7144 50 714458 7144 26 714434 would that be leo tolstoy ? row + man + pole + ant + ski = roman polanski i forgot to post one . 714042 7140 50 714058 7140 66 i'm going to guess bruce campbell . yep yep darkbarlow you got to it before me , but i'll still post one :p 713914 7139 22 713930 7139 38 alfred hitchcock i always thought she was sorta weird looking , but i totally get her appeal now . yep awww ! it's al swearengen . yeah ! now that we're feeling better about ourselves ... well , awls pierce things , but it's definitely not pierce brosnan . of course awl could be al , which opens up possibilities for lots of famous ... you just made me realize how hard this really is , so to make everyone feel better , i'm going to post this one that i thought would be too easy . 713754 7137 62 technically it wasn't correct , but i gave it an a for creativity . see , i knew this would be too cryptic . here are some hints . the top image is in reference to something the character says . the second ... well shit , no wonder i'm still single . however , i would like to add to this quesadillas . they are every bit as versatile as a grilled cheese sandwich , if not more so . just think of all the ... this one might be too cryptic , but lets give it a go . 713714 7137 22 i have seriously been craving oaxaca and plantain lately . i haven't done that one in a while . try it . it's great . oh ! also , slice up a shallot and mix it with red wine vinegar and some sugar . let ... awkward ? i'm probably just weird , but if someone said that to me ... how do i say this tastefully ? well , lets just say i would not be running away screaming but their would likely be some howling ... i have to also admit to doing this . however , for me it's not so much being annoyed with something i like becoming trendy . it's more that by the time it happens , i couldn't be more over it . maybe ... i'm not and entj , but it seems like i collect degrees . i have bachelors in law and business administration and an associates in computer science . currently , i'm a computer engineering major . nooo ! don't do it ! fuck it , i'm becoming a nihilist . = wahhh , problems are hard . i'll just pretend nothing matters instead . random : msbossypants , my sister's entj bf is an hr manager . i told him his job just sounded like babysitting adults to me . i don't understand why such a job is appealing to people . not to mention , i ... i have such an unfair advantage . i'll make all the kids look bad . while the rest of the students are distracted with videogames , snapchat , free internet pornography , and hailey's low cut shirts , i'll ... it seems like you were working with those for quite a long time . i did homework before it was due . maybe this is a weird question , but where do the pictures come from ? does anyone else kinda wanna hear this song ? : tongue : damn stathamspeacoat , i sat for an hour trying to figure out a good response to darkbarlow . i suck at this thread . i'll see myself out . :p well , i'm no expert , but my take is that , surname or not , it's still a name so it would be capitalized . unless for some reason you feel you aren't deserving the dignity granted a proper noun .  ... songs unsung might not be cool with this , but it's out of love . a slow process of learning to take pleasure in the journey . i took life stories more literally than others , so here is one that falls in line : i once got bit in the ass running from a dog ... yes ! for example : why is songs capitalized but unsung isn't ? is it the beginning of a sentence ? if so where would the rest of it be ? ohh ! thread idea ! finish songs unsung's username ! songs unsung ... this is all quite entertaining , but why the hell have i thought headofhudet was middle eastern this whole time ? i often feel writing posts requires an overwhelming amount of work , and yet you wrote one . i feel a hearty congratulations is in order . um ... i was tempted until i read the description and saw you played the role of a publisher , not a designer . :/ librarian i've seen a couple people mention using mbti to help them develop characters . i've always thought that characters should serve the story before anything else , but i rarely hear anyone ... i'm currently taking applications . i offer a competitive environment with ample opportunities for advancement . i'm looking for an energetic and sensual lover , but no butt stuff or other weirdness ... i don't like how so many programs these days seem to create folders in my documents folder . there is a reason why it used to be called my documents . it's for my documents . not your documents . put ... tell me about your writing . how does typology benefit your character development ? what do you believe makes a good character ? :) lovable , i'm an aries with moon in cancer and libra rising . now , if you were an intp too i'd pay one of those astrologer ladies $ 200 to read my chart . :p what a brilliant idea ! unfortunately , i can't steal it because i can rarely find people to play a game anyway . :p i've kickstarted way too many things . now boxes seem to randomly appear on my ... '