' for me nihilism is a starting point to filter out crap , i deny everything and then focus on what surfaces as important . this is totally on-topic : dark souls . so i'm not the only one yeah , posting pictures of my face on a public place in the internet ! seems like a totally good idea , nothing could go wrong . you scored 76.667 out of 100 masculine points , 43.333 out of 100 feminine points , and 57.5 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . you'll need a flexible key to open the weirdest lock on earth conx 95crete adj . [ often : before a noun ] being a real or actual thing ; solid ; substantial : concrete proof . [ often : before a noun ] relating to or concerned with real instances ... this is the hard part . ¡ damm you entp villains and your movies ! i guess never being the hero must be difficult for you , something an intj like me could never relate , if only there was a series of multi million budget ... when you decide to go against your interests because it's fair and people get offended . i mean being truly neutral . i started procastinating less once i started doing more . i'll tell you tomorrow . i tend to maximize knwoledge adquisition , back in the days of taking classes i used to sit at the front row , so there were less noisy pieces of meat distracting my sight and attention . i also used ... take a look around here , you might find it interesting , hell you might find interesting the whole forum : beauty no , my self confidence might trigger an aggressive response sometimes but it's not my fault . when people get offended for you being honest . they're great for park your brain for a while style of fun and thus they end up being not very serious and unreliable . they tend to overdramatize everything . females are very sexual and provide ... me too ! he's an estp with intj / istj parents iirc , in some of his other videos he seems to be traumatized about intj's . he seems to be a nice guy . ¡ me too ! that and having an elaborate plan to escape without anyone noticing for years . if it's true ... they're doing a shitty job . why so much drama ? just text him the gay seal image and see where it leads . what if he's doing the same as you ? start or form part of a study group . what if she was an horrible kid that did horrible things to kittens or other kids , or other kids ' kittens ? 133937 well according to my experience women antagonize other women just because of being women . you've come to the right place .  mit blackjack team - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia every single day i dream of a world where everybody else but me commits suicide . on a more serious note : go and get help , that's not sane . voight kampffabulous 1 ) do you like tea ? specifically hot tea yes , but i prefer ice tea . 2 ) do you often think about society and how downhill it is going ? ( of course thats a loaded and assumptious ... meh , i am so disappointed , i thought this was going to be a humorous thread , intj appreciation day sounds like an oxymoron to me ... plus , the idea of xxx appreciation day is a bit off , does it ... i was going to post : says the guy with a jim morrison's avatar , but then i figured out that it could be considered offensive . less than zero no you shouldn't , it'd be stupid . ego tripping , that's why they work . if you wanted , will you be able to take a duck faced selfie ? ( note , i'm not asking for you to do it ) oh , you have to be like batman , totally . first start by being a millionaire , once you're into that i could arrange someone to kill your parents , if you need help with that ... obligatory ... estp's , i can't stand their bullshit . m ( 1931 ) u200e out of the past ( 1947 ) - imdb you need to get him out of his confort zone , outdoors sex does wonders . mbti ¿ are you expecting someone to do that for free ? if not you should offer some kind of compensation be it monetary or spiritual . anyway , if you already know js maybe using a crossplatform framework ... boardgaming club sorry to hear that , maybe you can give a try and start drawing / painting again . '