' i wanted to be like some odd hybrid of dr . james wilson from house , m . d . and hermione granger from harry potter . so ... isfj + estj ( i've seen istj for her too but i think estj fits better ) . last compliment : you're so organized / put-together / responsible . last complaint : you're too blunt and straightforward and hurt people because of that . grow - wake owl hate to see your heart break - paramore infp ? nails for breakfast , tacks for snacks - panic ! at the disco i am sam , the boy in the striped pajamas , my girl , life is beautiful , to name a few . water , ( caramel ) lattes / macchiatos ( iced or hot depending on the weather ) , iced tea , fruit blends / juices / smoothies ( think bolthouse farms or naked juices ) . if i'm at a restaurant i'll usually get ... eating a cookie to celebrate getting a 105 % on my first midterm . no skipping 87 % istj [ wow that is a lot ] 3 % estj 3 % intj 3 % istp 2 % isfj skipping 33 % istj 31 % intj yes ! i'd say i preferred algebra , statistics , and calculus over geometry and trigonometry . overall , though , i enjoy math a lot . and i'd say i'm pretty good at it . never got below a 94 % in any math ... i was dating one of my former co-workers and brought the guy to a family party where my dad was miraculously alive again . istj . the ones i can think of right now are : dr . james wilson from house , m . d . ben wyatt from parks and recreation hermione granger from harry potter michaela pratt from how to get away ... istp . this song shatters me into pieces . one ray of sunlight - phantom planet dr_who that's very cool ! my mothertongue is vietnamese , but i was born in the united states so i'm definitely pretty fluent in english . i took french for 4 years in high school and am trying to pick ... enfp . dr_who welcome ! what languages do you know ? :) no place like home ( feat . rosette ) - blasterjaxx no . worst thing i've ever done is write a hit list of people who bullied me that i apparently wanted to kill . this was when i was twelve haha . based on your posts , intj seems like an acceptable fit . nah . i was a bernie supporter even though his ideas were a bit too radical for me sometimes . clinton was a bit crooked , but i do value the fact that she had experience and didn't sound so idiotic ... a bit of katniss everdeen and temperance brennan ( bones ) . also , my applied calculus professor said i reminded her of april ludgate from parks and rec . the nights ( felix jaehn remix ) - avicii love this a lot more than the original tbh . i've gotten haircuts . shocking . finding dory . i know i'm super late for this , but netflix us had it and so i gave it a go . not bad ! definitely not bad , and does live up to finding nemo . how is your demeanor when you're in class / work ? i'm generally pretty quiet when i'm in class . i don't talk unless called upon . my work is tutoring , so i do have to talk to the kids and my boss if ... estj ... ? * name * name is catherine and cathy's alright , but i prefer catherine . * male / female / trans ? * ( cis ) female . * location * river flows in you - yiruma glimmer of summer ( lueur d'été ) from the movie les choristes turkey chili and a coffee candy . sarcasm and deadpan humor . also self-deprecating humor . dear - peter katz . love this song to pieces . it definitely has sentimental meaning for me and i could listen to it forever . enfj . yeah , i can relate . function-wise istj seems to be the best fit , but i can relate to intj and intp from time to time . esfj . i don't feel any different about it . i'm just getting older and it's like , why are you celebrating that i lived another year successfully ? it's not like i'm old and about to die . that being said , ... paradise circus - massive attack feeling today - botany gifts differing - isabel briggs myers with peter b . myers i wanted some background information on how this all started . thanks for the input ! it seems as though istj was a better fit for me all along . 사랑 사랑 사랑 ( love love love ) - f . t . island actualized type : istj ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 83.87 % extroverted ( e ) 16.13 % sensing ( s ) 62.16 % intuitive ( n ) 37.84 % thinking ( t ) 62.16 % feeling ( f ) 37.84 % judging ( j ) 76.47 % perceiving ( p ) ... that makes a lot of sense and i can see myself as istj . i've been mistyped as intj quite a lot , so it affected my perception a bit . ( probably ) istj here . i swear ... less than most people around me , more than what people would expect of me . my school didn't even have hall monitors . that being said , i relate to bits of and pieces of istj , intj , isfj , and isfp . yes , if they seem interested . if not , i don't push it and try to type them myself . my best friend is an isfp and my so is an isfj . make a move - icon for hire a bowl of raspberries and blueberries . '