' let me try to answer your points one by one . ( in bold ) i don't know the real situation , but based on what you have said , your husband appears to have an unhealthy obsession with money and ... if your assessment of istj is correct , pretty much every point listed here indicates the guy wants to initiate a relationship with you . the rest have already pointed out other things , especially ... thank you for the kind words . like allykat mentioned we prefer to stay out of the limelight , but we don't mind this . this is an honest guy right here . i would take every other post here claiming a 130 + iq with a bucket of salt . sees past the ego of making an inflated claim and questions the validity of the ... not answering your question directly , but ... it is good that you want the best for your future kids , but it starts from having a good relationship . the effects of parental breakups , divorce , and ... if the op's assumption of estj was correct : 1 . estj in question was just out of a breakup 2 . it is not uncommon for people to rush into a new relationship right after a breakup 3 . estjs have ... sorry , i don't quite get it - what is your point exactly ? that we frustrate and piss you guys off ? if said guy as istj as you say , then based on your description : the guy is very likely interested in you . if an istj discloses personal stuff to you and spends a lot of time with you ( especially ... i have no first hand enfp relationship experience to speak of , but this link might be useful : look for ... umm , yes , perhaps i do . care to educate me more ? the guy stresses heavy on result and he like to use a method he learned in the past . that te and si . i studied trump and how he does ... my suggestion : try not to go by talking . there is very little in common to talk about at this stage . just join her in what she is doing . especially if it's something worthwhile like doing ... yes , thank you for stating the obvious . why not you please read the first paragraph of what i wrote . i'll reproduce it here for your convenience . my point is , since we only see his ... if i understand you correctly , fi takes over temporarily and you're not quite like yourself means a sudden change ? seems pretty drastic . here's a few possible triggers : - if an estj is going ... dude , you probably have some axe to grind with stjs . check yourself : is everything you attribute to the mystical estj villain accurate in nature ? society is made up of all different types of ... do take note , what you are seeing about trump and every other politician is their public persona . everything else , like this thread , is just speculation . first and foremost ; we are looking the ... i relate well to stjs . not so well with sfjs though . go learn coding . that's the easiest to pick up . lots of internet tutorials and jobs out there . nothing much here , guys . if astralsoldier can put aside his / her emotions for a while , he / she will find that we've been indirectly answering this question ... don't jump to conclusions . also , please provide evidence to back up your claim . you say that the post's questions were a means to establish a dialogue about estj personality etc and compile ... i guess a matrix human farm kind of environment would be ideal for intp society . you can think all you want without having to worry about action . who maintains the farm , probably not a intp . ... i would suggest you read the estj type description and other posts in the forum before asking questions . i'm not sure if you know how to google , but these links might be helpful : portrait of an ... hard to say . we don't know the specifics of the situation . how do you know your dad is estj ? repeat . delete . what do you consider as traditional ? different societies and countercultures have different ideas of what they consider as traditional - be it from large beliefs to smaller things such as daily ... the estj and infp characteristics are very different . you will have a lot of differences to work out . is the love between both of you strong enough to work things out ? based on what you said , i don't ... the same can be said the other way around . we tend look for concrete proof - if there isn't , we compare it to our own store of facts and see if it matches . if not , it tends to be ignored as a ... move on . don't waste more effort digging the hole deeper . i'm not sure if duty fulfiller and masculine goes hand in hand ... they don't always lead to the same thing . i'm quite pragmatic . if i need to , i cook , i clean , i do domestic tasks , because ... read the op's original question again . it is asking for our take on the relationship and whether he should attempt to restart it or not , not for a working model of the relationship . please ... this is true among most istjs . we are pragmatic , so if it doesn't matter to us , generally any option is fine within the required constraints . we would rather not have an argument over opinions or ... skydiving instructor with military guerilla warfare background : if the latter part is true , the guy is most probably a ex special operations force ( sof ) guy . i . e . navy seal , green beret , marine ... the estj population here is few , and doesn't log in all that often . compared to the enfp or infp forums , stuff here doesn't move anywhere as fast . trying to hurry people up here is useless . would ... depends on what role . if both can listen to each other and work together , you can get the best of both worlds . if it becomes that the entp sets unattainable goals and simply leaves the estj to ... 1 . divorce doesn't always solve the problem , it creates other problems . this is especially if you have kids . maybe it's just an modern american notion to hope for finding the perfect person , and ... not that i can't see the logic , but i don't see the point in answering you . you still have not explained why put 2 unrelated questions in the same thread ( what the taboos are and why , and then ... please read your question again . if you intended this as an open question , the first sentence is pretty straightforward and is enough . however , you then ask us what is taboo to us , and then ... to becoming an honorary intuitive ? no thank you . lol ummm , i'm sorry , you might not want to find us for fantasy novels . calm down people . stop this useless fight . we don't know this guy or anything about monalisa 1710 ' s interaction with the person . is he really estj ? what's the surrounding context ? we're all just ... sorry , i don't quite understand what you are trying to get at . are you asking what are taboo practices to istjs , or are you asking a leading question to steer us down some predefined thought path ... depends on the situation - we normally ask the person to explain themselves . there is a fine line in interpreting these kind of issues - either the listener doesn't get it because not enough ne ... if your description of this guy as istj is accurate , then based on what you've described just now , this is a common pattern . my take on it : 1 . the guy is interested in you . 2 . he wants a long ... a good idea would be to tell him directly what would be helpful for you . that would help greatly . well well well . can we keep this nonsense to the estj clubhouse and not create random troll threads like this ? join a church . they are usually a lot more welcoming . that might help a lot . good . see you then . of course . i may not have as keen an intellect as thou , but why let up the chance to troll ? unless thy computer grows faces , thou wilt only see text . thou wilt find this energy in the form ... i won't repeat what the others have said , but : i guess if the guy is a construction manager , he's a bit older than others . regardless of type , life experience ( which usually comes with age ! ) in ... if the nt forum encourages abstract discussion with no practical significance is good , sure . take the discussions there . i myself discuss these issues on the nt forum every now and then . so why ... depends on what sort of relationship . we would treat a so differently from a friend . in general , we do take responsibility over family . friends - much less so . you may want to check some of ... '