' forbidden by tabitha suzuma you're really pretty ! : kitteh : i get ridiculously embarrassed when sharing my writing , it's a very personal thing and i lack a lot of confidence . sure , i see your point , which was why i did make sure to say that i realised that i couldn't make a proper judgement based on the two people i know . i suppose i shouldn't have voted . in truth , i ... how in any way did i ' deliberately choose to wrong the outcome ' ? this poll is based on opinion , right ? this is my opinion . voting based on my experiences , however small , is no worse than somebody ... hmmm , these people have both taken tests and agreed with their result . obviously it's very possible that they've been mis-typed though , i'm not sure exactly just much research they've done on mbti . okay i'm sorry if my comment annoyed you . one of these istps is one of my best friends , i love her a lot and even she admitted that she is the way in which i described which is why i didn't think ... me : infp brother : estj mum : infj dad : isxp i voted istp because there are two people i know who are confirmed istps and they're constantly trying to correct everybody and are very stubborn , they hardly ever admit it if they're wrong about ... i voted intj though i wasn't sure between this type and intp . welcome fellow infp ! : kitteh : i'd change my i to an e too . you have no imagination welcome spilly ! nice to meet you , fellow infp here : kitteh : haha but it's a quality i really admire , i annoy myself when i always have to break away from a conversation and take time to get my thoughts together ! you guys in particular are usually really ... i love that picture it's so accurate :') i automatically thought of esfj when i read the description ! banana muffin with a hot chocolate : happy : okay i'm sorry , i only skimmed over the questions .. : blushed : i just searched for a basic test because i thought it would give her a general idea of the differences between thinkers / feelers and ... thinker or feeler ? : personality quiz : your psychological profile part 3 - thinker or feeler ? judger or perceiver ? : personality quiz : your psychological profile part 4 - perceiver or judger ? ... hehe thank you ! his face makes me really happy : kitteh : you're really pretty ! : kitteh : this isn't a question but i'm an infp and i want you guys to know that i think you're all wonderful ! well , i know you can't generalise a whole group of people but the experiences i've had with enfps ... thank you ! : blushed : i'm still pretty new to typing other people but i'd say that she's an enfj . i really can't see her as a thinker , she plotted to kill because she believed that it was right - in her mind she deserved ... you're so pretty ! welcome , i'm an infp too ! : kitteh : i'm pretty sure that my 13 year old brother is an estj and i find living with him so difficult . i really wish i wasn't so stupidly sensitive . i forgive other people too easily but if they've broken my trust , they'll probably never win it back again . thank you ! : kitteh : you're extremely pretty yourself ! : happy : hey there fellow infp ! i wish life was a musical too : kitteh : wow , thank you so much ! : kitteh : i've always thought that katniss is an isfp i can't really imagine not having children to be honest . although i know that being a mother would make me even more paranoid , i'd love to bring a child into this world . it's never really been a ... okay this is really embarrassing but um this is the most recent picture of me , i'm on the left and i'm with savannah stevenson whose currently playing glinda in wicked on the west end :) 88414 ... when you're in a history lesson and you learn about an event which involves murder / poverty / suffering and you're supposed to just accept the facts and move on to the next part , but you can't help ... definitely estp in my opinion . accept help . don't ever think that there is anything wrong with accepting help . i have a 13 year old brother and he can be so rude and so horrible and in all honesty it really upsets me . i desperately seek harmony and i try to talk to him about it , but he doesn't want to hear it ... these results are really interesting :) i've never been in love ( well , i'm in love with certain famous people but i guess that's not the same ) . i am only 16 , so i'm not worried about it , but the idea of being in love really does appeal to ... i'm usually ' the nice one ' of a group , and i know that i am an extremely nice person , too nice to be honest , it's actually a weakness of mine . however , i worry that i come across as mean when i'm ... i used to lie a lot to the people i care most about . i'm ashamed to admit that i only stopped a couple of months ago . i didn't want my parents to know that i was unhappy so i'd make up all these ... i'm 16 and people often describe me as ' innocent ' . i distance myself from the world a lot and although this has never been an issue until now ( as i'd much rather live in amongst my own thoughts and ... you very well may be right that she's an extrovert , though i've always got the impression that she's an introvert . although she loves performing i think she gains her energy from spending time alone ... people around me can't understand how i'm so disoragnised and untidy . i only make an effort to be tidy and organised because it stresses my mum when i'm not , truthfully it doesn't bother me that i ... i wish i knew more infps in person . talking to other infps makes me feel a lot happier , it's good to know that i'm not alone in thinking the way i do . i don't know why it's assumed by so many that idealists are naive . we're not naive , we're just wishful . i get this all the time ! i think it's just important to try not to overthink things and worry about who we really are ( no matter how hard it is ) . we should do what feels natural for us and makes us ... '