hey man ! how's things ? rubber soul i'm sorry about being shitty at replying . i don't come on perc much any more . guess that's just life . i have skype if anyone is interested in chatting . just drop me a pm :) so is it a university course ? fun and practical ! what more could you want ? i'm in agreement with the confusing part . i'm just being hopeful . i'm always hopeful ! i'm planning on going for a run or ... public speaking ? fun and easy ? we clearly have very different opinions on the meaning of the word fun but i'll let you off :-P ah it is ? thanks ! i'm glad someone noticed . what's the story behind ... i understand where you're coming from . i shy away from huge threads on other sections of the forum because i don't want to intrude . bleh . first day of class tomorrow ? what class is it ? excited ? ... do it ! well i've never been especially musically gifted - i think i tried to learn some wind instrument when i was younger but my instructor said i was terrible and i gave it up . my friend said she ... glad you think so ! so , tell me , how are you feeling today ? used to - so you don't anymore ? does anyone here play any instruments ? bloody politicians . sounds exhilarating . are you a secret agent ? yeah i know , but then there's the problem of getting too cold in the middle of the night and waking up in shivers ! * shudder * good ol ' england . we've had a bit of a heatwave over here and it's ... i know what you mean , i think the worst bit about summer is trying to get to sleep and not being able to decide whether you need the covers or not . whereabouts are you from ? hello . yobi . i don't need you to say thank you . i'd rather you told me that you're going to heed even a little bit of my advice , or think on what i've said and find someone else instead , hell even moaning ... yobi first off , have a hug . * hug * secondly , i don't know what you're going through , or anything about you or what that feels like , but i am sorry that you've had to go through it at all . i'll try ... everyone's allowed to be the centre of attention once in a while :-) how come you're moody right now ? cool beans ! ah i used to do kickboxing when i was about 15 or 16 . i was probably in the best physical condition of my life . it's intense and a lot of fun and i definitely recommend it ! hah , i suppose you're ... it's cool . hah , anything else you wanted to try ? by climbing some sort of mountain i meant rock climbing . walking up trails ? what do you take me for ? xd each to their own ! i've never heard of any of those bands , i'll check them out later when i get the chance . any chance you're into any other strands of electronic / trance music ? how are you closer ? it's a higher level of qualification i guess , so it makes sense that you're going to have to spend longer attaining it . why does it seem unclear to you ? yeah i suppose ... hey ! it's been a long time since we last spoke . how have you been ? i've finished my second year , still averaging a first you'll be pleased to hear , and i have two more years left till i finish . to ... ever heard of a band called infected mushroom ? i'm not sure i know what to class their stuff as but they're pretty freaking awesome . yo . that's cool ! how's things ? hahaha , i've never been diving or snorkelling before but i know a few friends that have and it's something i really want to try before i go pop ( if you get my ... errr , i'm really confused . are you making a jape about my original post or are you saying that's your opinion too ? me too . have you ever been diving ? what kind of books are you into ? anything you're reading at the minute ? you probably do ! is there anything in particular you love talking about ? i just listened to it and i think it's pretty incredible . hard to do it justice with a few words ! what other hobbies do you have ? how do you keep boredom at bay in everyday life ? i'll reply to your pm instead . i struggle keeping track of one conversation at a time with a person , let alone two :P i've never heard of any of those bands either , ha . do you read much ? i've always been a fan of electronic music ( trance mainly ) but i branch out into other things from time to time . i discovered a ... here . there . wherever i please . naw , well aren't you ca-yute . how ya been ? are you as much a fan of adjectives as you are of dancing for the sake of dancing ? :P ah , good ! what other bands are you into right now ? t'was a figure of speech matey ! so , what's your idea of an exciting concert ? who did you last see perform ? anyone else fancy a dance ? i started playing tomb raider a while back but my mate had rented the copy so i had to give it back for him to give back ... gutted . did the story wrap up well in the end ? ever played any team ... what are playing at the minute ? videogames rock . what genres are you into ? that's easy . just talk about nothing until you feel comfortable talking about something :) . - what have you done today ? - what's your mb type ? - what kind of things are you into ? ( sports , ... that depends . it might end up being so ridiculous that it would work . 1 ) giggidy . 2 ) i'm not getting a lot of your references . what do you mean by supreme ? i like cajun chicken . with pinapples and shit . 3 ) oh ? what do you have in common ? 4 ) quite the contrary ... 1 ) never seen it . might give it a watch over summer . 2 ) yum . i love a good pizza . 3 ) i agree with the bit about istps . i lived with one for a while and me and her didn't get on very well . but ... 1 ) do you watch friends ? i prefer how i met your mother . 2 ) have you ever danced in a club / team or taken up dancing lessons or something along those lines ? 3 ) meow ? 4 ) i concur . 5 ) ... you answered my question with another question . i feel cheated . your turn : 1 ) what's your favourite film ? 2 ) what's your favourite food ? 3 ) which personality types intrigue you the most ? 4 ) ... sup stranger ? 1 ) cats . but i might change my mind at some point . i'm starting to have a thing for dogs . 2 ) probably ask if they wanted to get drunk and then go out and dance . 3 ) as of now ? i ... 1 ) yay . we're friends now . sort of . 2 ) yay . i like dancing . 3 ) yay . you're keeping up with the lists ! 4 ) yay . yay . yay . 5 ) yay . i forget that the drinking age isn't 18 . i don't know how ... 1 ) here's a space that needs filling . i dislike inconsistency and mistakes and starting a numbered list at 2 is inconsistent :( 2 ) maybe give an album called anjunabeats a listen at some point if ... 2 ) i've never gotten into rock or indie . i'll listen when i have to . i like mumford and sons , the xx and similar sounding bands . my tastes are much more along the lines of dance , trance , drum and ... 1 ) sugar , more fruit and grapefruit . drop the irony . got it . i'll try it . 2 ) good . it appears the appreciation of a good pair is just one more thing we have in common . speaking of things in ... i enjoy your system of replies . let's go . 1 ) exactly why i disliked it in the first place . you may just have talked me out of trying it . the irony is so bitter i could taste it . 2 ) i love ...