' * spoiler alert * i had no problem with todd being asexual . that wasn't the issue . season 4 , as well as the show in general has massive emotional gravitas . some episodes are soul-crushing . if you ... just binge-watched all of bojack horseman season 4 today ; aside from being shaken to my very core , i'm otherwise good . the premise of the horror film get out seems kinda similar to the plot of the invisibles #10 just finished the first half of little witch academia on netflix ... despite the awesome , it's basically the anime equivalent to the worst witch ... this made me laugh - ... if only for the name if nothing else current obsessive interests : crash course mythology , crash course sociology , the seeming idiocy of anarcho-capitalism and of course , bojack horseman you know you're an intp when you realise that half the time when it comes to people , feelings , social / societal niceties , etc . it's not that you don't care , but that you don't notice . i just watched the marvel's defenders trailer ... daredevil , luke cage , jessica jones and iron fist could all fit the characters for streets of rage 2 ... possibly relevant : the dark secret behind quirky romantic comedies it seems the impression given here is that the op doesn't like black men , america doesn't like black men , and that ultimately nobody likes black men , and seems all too happy to see black men cease to ... if anyone here has heard of the tv show black mirror , the whole thing , at least regarding the election at least seems to be eerily reminiscent of the episode the waldo moment ... well , this made me laugh : liid 154 : oprah's suicide squad ! by johntrumbull on deviantart you know you're an intp when it can be ages before you notice that you've lost something and by the time you realise that a long-ass time would have passed and by then the thing you've lost could be ... possibly relevant : apparent intp ; my score was 17 . you know you're an intp when depending on what it is you end up fluctuating between over-thinking something to the point of paranoia or barely noticing it at all current obsessive interest : the walking dead and a core central theme i noticed while watching it - dehumanization sorry if this has been posted before a syndrome is defined as being a disease where varying different symptoms all have the same cause . everything that goes wrong in the incredibles including the banning of superheroes can essentially ... you know you're an intp when you can identify with this cowboy bebop movie ( mis ) quote : it was just that he was all alone , always by himself ; no one to share the game ... a man who lived in ... it just occurs to me that captain america ( mcu version most of all ) has a highly existential character arc : 1 ) he's thrown into a world he does not understand and to him seems primarily absurd ... current obsessive interest : rick and morty . poor morty ... current obsessive interest : one punch man . that is all . at the risk of de-railing the thread when i read the title i thought of this you know you're an intp when you forget trains of thought often enough that when you try ( and almost invariably ) fail to get said thought back you wearily say to yourself ... and it's gone .  ... you know you're an intp when you knowingly or not frequently pepper your speech with dis-qualifiers like of course , i could be wrong or don't quote me on that one because it might be wrong or ... this might help ... or not intp or istp test - celebritytypes.com is it nerdy to want to know how to solve quadratic equations because it annoys you that you don't know how to do them ? ( i fear i've said too much . ) finding out how to solve nuclear equations just for the sake of it is a pretty nerdy thing to do , isn't it ? apparently according to the celebrity types website ( in the members only section ) , john green the writer of the fault in our stars is an intp . didn't see that coming . current obsessive interests : grant morrison's multiversity , vlogbrothers , wheezy waiter and epilepsy . current obsessive interests : the marvel cinematic universe , and the netflix daredevil show . you know you're an intp when in some of your more misanthropic moods it sometimes feels like you're kai from the snow queen fairytale who when he got the glass shards in his heart and eyes could only ... current obsessive interests : the jem and the holograms idw comic and grant morrison's multiversity ... also star wars . you must play the game of thrones . you cannot win . you cannot break even . you cannot get out . in my mind l'il slugger and maromi are more two sides of the same coin as opposed to being the same thing . both serve the same ultimately dreadful purpose . current obsessive interests : mythbusters ( i've gotten back into it again ) , solid state hard drives and why the jem and the holograms movie failed i would suggest looking here but beware-because it is wikipedia you will still be on the site nine hours later looking at something else entirely the fights-particularly how massive-scale they are and how they tend to get so over-the-top and out of hand ; oh and super saiyans . the jem and the holograms movie bombing makes the starbright story arc from the original cartoon either harsher in hindsight - tv tropes or a massive funny aneurysm moment - tv tropes i just watched the trailer for the preacher tv series . all i can say is this : my body is ready . this might help there might be some fictional intps on the list too current obsessive interests : dragon ball z , the normal heart and aids / hiv . an intp villain would more likely be what tv tropes call the man behind the man - tv tropes nobody would see it coming as the intp easily be so very innocuous . you know you're an intp when thanks to your inferior extroverted feeling you seriously wonder if the song ' all by myself ' by eric carmen is foreshadows your future my head-canon regarding iron man is that pepper has a small covert team of very well-paid lawyers she brought together for one simple purpose-keep tony stark out of prison . is it possible to get what tv tropes call fridge brilliance when / after writing your own stuff ? it sometimes happen when i write mine current obsessive interests : comic book superheroes , the works of garth ennis , a bbc tv show from my childhood called 999 and the massive artistic and personal failings of andrew dobson / tom preston we've already had a batman vs . superman movie . it was called megamind . i was watching eraserhead the other day . after all these years it still hasn't lost its power to make me go what the fuck did i just watch ? '