' inxp it must be one of those two . you know who i'm talking about . but which ? found this : what's the laziest type ? probably a np . but which one ? nhk ni youkoso ! tatsuhiro satou : intp misaki nakahara : infp kaoru yamazaki : infp hitomi kashiwa : infj not at all . his attitudes / aloof behavior points that he's a thinker . also sacrificing himself for the village could be a manifestation of his inferior fe . after some thinking here i realized that he's extroverted . so disregard my previous typing . ne dom is obvious . being able to estimate using the fermi problem doesn't make him a thinker . he could ... amagi brilliant park kanie seiya : xnfp sento isuzu : istj moffle : estj ( ne ) muse : enfp danna ga nani wo itteiru ka wakaranai ken anija : infp kaoru : esfj ( ne ) mayotama : enfp miki : esfj ayaka from witch craft works ( intp ) . tasogare otome x amnesia ( manga + anime ) niiya teiichi : infp kanoe yuuko : esfj ( si / ne ) okonogi : enfp yoshisawa : infp * double post not at all . he's clearly a xnfp . i don't see that vibe you get from extroverts at all in him . compare him with leone ( enfp ) and you will see the difference . that makes sense . i typed her as f ... it's just me or 75-85 % of all protagonists of manga / anime are either infp or enfp ? akame ga kill tatsumi : infp leone : enfp akame : intp sheele : infp school days makoto itou : infp kotonoha katsura : infp sekai saionji : enfp taisuke sawanaga : exfp ( esfp ? ) yu-gi-oh yugi muto : infp seto kaiba : intj yami yugi : infj joey wheeler : esfp high school dxd ( + season 2 ) issei hyoudou : infp ( si ) matsuda : exfp motohama : istj ? rias gremory : infj infinite stratos ( episode 1-12 + ova ) maya yamada : infp ichiku onimura : infp shifura onimura : intj houki shinonono : ixtj ( te / fi ) ( istj ( ne ) ? ) he's more of less talk more action so more likely istp . jin is confusing since sometimes he shows ne and other times se . but he's surely ixtj . you probably right about fuu . samurai champloo ( only watched to episode 7 ( got bored xd ) mugen : ixxp ( isxp ? ) fuu : esfj ( enfp ? ) jin : istj ( ixtj + ne ) matsunosuke shibui : estj she is more robot-like when compared to a se user . intp enneagram 5 fits her perfectly . blood lad staz charlie blood : infp deku : isfj ianagi fuyumi : infp saty : intp so if a person is bossy they become a te user ? isn't that a characteristic of exxj's ? i don't know where you got se from kanade . angel beats ! yuzuru otonashi : infp yurippe ( yuri nakamura ): enfj ( could be esfj ) tenshi ( kanade tachibana ): intp matsushita : ixfp i'm surprised that nobody mentioned erza from fairy tail generalizing too much , aren't you ? itachi uchiha itachi - mbti in fiction kill la kill ryuko matoi : esfj ( si + ne ) mako mankanshoku : esfp satsuki kiryuin : intj takaharu fukuroda : enfp and exxj with ixxj / exxp with ixxp ? zeref from fairy tail . too drama lover to be a intj . yes . zen clearing the mind and allowing everything to be as it is . but not regularly . in the beginning i did everyday but eventually slacked . i learned that life is a meditation so i don't do it ... nothing . it has been for 5 months now . schizoid pd is a hell of a drug . it only gets worse as i age so i fear that when i'm get older i turn into a psycho or something . fapping .  there's clearly some pattern here . i'm too were good at the elementary but in high school i started to slack off . mainly in math . so who's the most dominant in a relationship ? imo , the extroverts and judgers have more of a presence ( exxj's being the most dominant ) . now i don't know about a relationship between a ixxj and a exxp . it was been a long time since i last remembered my dreams . now i just go to sleep and wake up in the morning not remembering anything that happened between . infp fi + ne combo is great at typing . infp's , what do you think of infj's ? entj's , what do you think of entp's ? esfj's , what do you think of esfp's ? and etc etc you get the idea . when i think of ocpd i imagine a istj that is unhealthy being dominated by his ne that erupted out of control . rpg's , fps and specially strategy games ( really like rts ) . skyrim , borderlands 2 , counter strike 1.6 , dwarf fortress ( a long time that i don't play it ) , men of war series ( rts ) , fallout 3 / new vegas , ... it depends on the person . if i find them interesting i type them . not going to waste my time typing someone that i will never see again . + 1 . but it depends on the level of activity too . sometimes i just sleep in 5 minutes but other times it takes 1-2 hours . i don't notice if the room is clean too much , but when i do i make sure it looks at least aesthetically appealing . don't care about germs and stuff . they're everywhere anyway . that's a difficult question . the easiest ones in my opinion are extroverts since they are more likely to talk a lot making more stuff slip in . my guess is inxx . inxj's are easier but sometimes i get ... my guess is ixxp . exxp's at least have a tertiary judging function ( te or fe ) so they are able to do better . in my case i'm improving my te making lists and scheduling ( like the time to eat , cut my ... since i have schizoid personality disorder ( spd ) , the time is undefined . after finishing school i stayed at home for 3 months , 90-95 % of the time in my room ( only leaving to eat ) , being awake at ... fullmetal alchemist edward elric : xnfj alphonse elric : infp trisha elric : infp van hohenheim : infx i typed yozora as intp because in my observation of her she seems to use ne . sena is a bit confusing . one of the main causes to me to type her isfj was the animosity between her and yozora ( if my ... '