what about the buzzfeed crew ? i realize most of them put on personas , but they just look like exaggerated versions of themselves imo . ashly-enfp andrew-istp ( i can see ixtj too ) eugene-no idea , ... emberfly so after some research i agree with you on hannah hart's type ! an esfj wth insane ne it is ! since you seem to be well acquainted with my primary youtubey obsession , i'd like to ask what ... absolutely possible ! maybe i just want her to infj lol . i suck at detecting ni , but doesn't it have to do with boiling a concept down to its essentials ? like , seeing the underlying meaning ? which ... kinda beating a dead horse here , but she doesn't seem esfj to me . fe / ti-ti / fe is certain , but ti is atleast third in her stack . if you read some of her long-ass tumblr posts harto or harto , her ... huh . that was really clear , thank you . though you've laid out pronounced ti examples and declared me intp , i'm still ambivalent on the arrangement of my function pyramid ( or whatever it's called ... oh also , what particular statementss from my answers point to which functions ? i have more or less a vague idea of what each function essentially is , but have a hard time detecting them . what about them ? i'd say the brunette is enfp and the blonde is some sort of exfx typ ? so i seem to be an xntp . how exactly do i decide between e and i ? i'm pretty much an ambivert , and have no idea how to detect my dom-function . ermenegildo - but i thought f and t depended on whether ... wow this thread is old ... ! now , i think mamrie's more esfp ( how'd i ever type her as estj lol ) 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... ahem . the way he makes ridiculous connections , and generates weird , random possibilities ' friend got hit with a snake ' and the wtf transition into ... beats me how you could think jon lajoie is anything but ne-overload . i don't watch him much , but his stuff is just so out of the blue ! erb seems kinda xnxj to be , to be honest . reviving this , but what about roseellendix ? seems pretty enfp to me ... so i found this random wall of text . what do you think's the type of the person who wrote it ? this book will open up your eyes to strengths within you and around you that you may have never ... does anyone watch roseellendix ? never watched here , but she has thos slightly-naive nf eyes shamy maybe . i guess i kinda always pictured her as an extrovert . they're not sisters , though . also , do you happen to know timwilldestroyyou ? completely hilarious . i'd say xnxp . shamy huh . yeah , i can see jenna as an estp now you mention it . i haven't really watched many interviews , so i've never considered that perspective . what about hannah , though ? she writes poetry and ... shamy i can't handle more than one video of hers at a time , but superwoman seems to be overflowing with fe . she's really into everyone being happy , calls her fans ' unicorns ' and her rant videos ... boxxy ! oh god , she always creeped me out . how did you guess her type ? she never even spoke ! i feel hannah has very strong fe , somehow . and there's no way in hell she's an introvert . watch the streamy acceptance speech . grace , during hers , seems withdrawn and nervous while hannah seems ... reviving this thread ... i was actually wondering the exact same thing . any opinions ? i really want this and the link doesn't work ? what type is dailygrace ( grace helbig ) ? she seemed like a sensor to me , but some of her older material made me reconsider things . this video made me think she's intuitive . idk , though , i suck at ... i got 100 on the first one and 44 on the second ... does this even have any relevance to intuitive / sensing though ? ? that , combined , with your username made me uncontrollably rofl nigahiga seems estp to me . especially in that pun video where he takes the literal meaning of every idiom / stuff used and makes jokes out of that . what about dailygrace ? ugunti - you have piqued my curiosity ( is that correct usage of the word ' piqued ' ? ... you know what i mean ) who is it ? also , there's me . i'm batman . the only way anyone will ever win this is when pc closes down , and since it will have closed down , no one will ever know who won . but my post count needs boosting , so ... i always thought grace was very se-fi . what make you think ne-fi though ? 1 ) what is happiness to you ? ( in 10 words ) 2 ) why is talking about god so awkward ? 3 ) what's one thing people would be surprised to know about you ? 4 ) what do you find joy in ? 5 ) list 5 ... well , i am a complete amateur . still learnin ' more stuff ! type ( l-r ) hannah hart , grace helbig and mamrie hart i think the leftmost one's probably enfp , middle one's estp and rightmost one's entp . i never really liked him , and i tend to enjoy ne humor . i realize that is not a valid criteria when typing somebody , but still . actually , he's always seemed very se to me . sort of like he sees ... what about these ? mamrie hart - hannah hart - ... could you do one about intuits , too ? india is definitely sensory . bollywood , the culture , society , structure , a certain set of rules , no scope for outside-the-box thinking drives this ne-dom crazy . we are also encouraged to sick to ... so i saw a bunch of youtubers do this ' 50 random facts about me ' video and i found that most of them just said their likes an dislikes . so , if any of you guys were asked to give 20 facts about ... so i saw a bunch of youtubers do this ' 50 random facts about me ' video and i found that most of them just said their likes an dislikes . so , if any of you guys were asked o give 50 facts about ... ... because i'm clearly an alien from a parallel universe ... if you don't know , youtube's holy trinity consists of grace helbig , mamrie hart and hannah hart . some videos of the three together ... ... ermenegildo - thanks for typing me . i agree with you , by the way . i'm extremely hilarious . tzara - it's right at the top of the questionnaire ravenclaw's cool too ! :D what type would gryffindor be ? tzara wow that just sounded like the sorting hat put me into slytherin ! thanks neways . ! ! tzara i am very much under 18 . what if i was over 18 though ? tzara i mean , when they make a decision which is counterproductive , and does not help in achieving whatever goal we're striving for . poor judgement on their part , which i'll ask them to review . here's a link to a personality questionnaire i answered . people seem to think i may be an entp . opinions ? ... tell me whether you like it or not . your favourite character + why . your preferred type of humour . a lot of my nt friends hate friends ( 3 out of 4 ) , so i want to see if this is just limited to ... estj ?