' i'm only a mystery to myself hugs from my daughter : can't get enough hugs from my wife : loving and welcome if not in public ( too suffocating ; need to take in my surroundings ) hugs from random friends of friends : step back ... learn to day trade . or deliver yachts for a living . skiing sailing working out photography taking potshots at the natives from my balcony sounds less istp and more jerk . sorry i can't be more insightful , but i don't know of many ixtps who bother playing games married to an enfj . i haven't shot anyone with a sniper rifle . ever . benja — seeing as you have saved 80 % of your wages , and are looking for assets : have you seen ? was brought up in a household of feelers , and needed a better understanding of irrational behaviours . i found mbti and pretty much everything fell into place . benja — i don't have many complaints , for sure . but i have never been able to shake the mal de mer . yacht skipper and trainee wooden boat builder / restorer . i prefer sailing boats to fixing them , but i get some sort of family life if i'm not at sea all the time . finally , i am learning balance i was just thinking jeremy kyle i actually want to reach into the tv and rip that guys throat out boats , kayaks , pool cues , cameras , bikes , the shipwright's tools and computers feature heavily , but properly manipulating the bodies endocrinological response to nutrition for the purposes of ... very similarly . i go to the gym 3 times a week , sail in the summer , ski in the winter , and hike all year round . it is pretty much the only thing that breaks the ti-ni cycle . as a kid i didn't know ... fair enough . you do seem quite extraverted on the webblynets ; not that that means jot in real life . you sure you're not estp dja ! what's it now then ? to get thin you have to eat fat now there's a man i could shoot pool with . i got into it not so long ago ( a couple of years maybe ) while working out a career change . then it lead me to understand why my family were all f * * * ing nuts ( i was brought up in a household of fs ) , ... i put dali because i really like most of his work , but i love picasso's cubism and his early sketches ( especially the buxom wenches he used to sketch on his schoolboy math books ) . he was a master ... wow x97 we're two totally different istps : apparently i'm an irresponsible jerk who won't take life seriously at all . i pretty much focus all my life's energies on being able to ski , sail , hike , camp , ... pretty much the same here . chemistry undergrad music technology postgrad doing neither now i have owned and run 2 small businesses and enjoyed it very much . one business employed other people on occasion and that is where it sucked horribly . running a business is one thing , running people ... turn into an istj for the day ( unless the interview is to be a firefighter or something ): prepare , dress appropriately , play the game i get on really well with the few entps i know . in short bursts . the energy they have isn't a physical one , so i get exhausted by the continual going off on tangents . i can humour them for a while ... people never can — we're both a couple of old mutts i'm not the yellow one to be the best human being i can possibly be amen . ( plus a few more characters ) one more for the old boys ... 37 ( for a few more days anyway ) i am constantly doing stuff on the boat with 2 feet of old rope that someone else feels the need to pay big bucks for in some chandlery . so many things , in fact , that i thought of changing my boat ... good god : i think khys may just be me in female form hahah . emotions to me are just so raw . i have feelings , they are just too intense to handle , so they get beaten into the ground , a layer of concrete poured on top , and the walls go up . but it's a ... that way well have been yet another example of me needing to be told straight , rather than implying it from what you said . ho hum x97 so it goes ... hey pinkrasputin , it was just a knee-jerk reaction to some flash talk that irritated me for some unknown reason . i usually walk away rather than respond , but what is done is done . seamaid , upkeep of a boat all depends on the state of it to begin with , your skills ( whether you need to hire outside help ) , and the size ( above 12m and the costs of parts becomes all out of ... my hands : all other tools are just an extension actually , on the surface , it makes no sense that an enfj-istp relationship should be conflicting : enfj = fe ni se ti istp = ti se ni fe ok , they're back to front but it's not like i have to ... ^ ^ ^ indeed thanks chinotto ; but my point was about ' conflicting ' relationships and dealing with them rather than to brag about a cool life . for the record , my life , like everybody else's , comes with a heap of ... i am definitely * used * to her behaviour ; just got no clue what the hell she is talking about sometimes . conflicting relationships sound like agro . there is none here x97 * we just communicate ... i think your approach is spot on letsride : i wouldn't want gushing , or too many ' how are you ? s ' the answer isn't going to change too quickly . but people helping out ( especially with filtering the ... no you don't problem is x97 you try to sell me anything ( especially yourself ) i'm gooone pretty much what khys said ... i am also married to an enfj . she is loyal and knows what i need better than i do . but communication is hard : having to double-guess what the bloody hell she is ... hahahah x97 that's * exactly * what i was thinking . me neither indeed . despite having all my passwords , i will not allow my wife to read over my shoulder x97 that is way too intrusive . i am the same way too x97 i am not going to chase you or snoop on you ; manage your own life , and be loyal to the relationship ; if you do wrong you better be able to hide it or you are on your own with ... '