' mix one shot of every basic type of booze , top with sour mix , and a dash of coke for color . now pipe down , some of us are nursing a hangover . from that ? sol with lime please , but ill need a couple more as i only see one in the bucket skyracerx you and highheels need a room together as not only do you perspectives on reality seem to be in parallel , but verbosity with which you choose to elaborate upon it is also in sync . while ... feeling the spring weather , ill have a beer please . * finishes drink quickly * * cracks knuckles * oh boy it wasn't important why is it that whiskey clears , not clouds my mind . and that siggy , is why your tip jar could banish the national debt ! a double double on the double see there you go . you probably 100 % agree with this guy in that case . actually you don't 100 % agree with my post , may want to read it again . i'll have a monday martini please ... i have plenty of empathy the action of understanding , being aware of , being sensitive to , and vicariously experiencing the feelings , thoughts , and experience of another of either the past or ... hmm not me . like an onion when you peel back a layer , the one below it is still an onion , it doesn't magically turn into an butterfly . i am who am from the day you meet me forward . and really ? ... i notice that in situations where everyone has minimal to no preexisting connections to each other ( college orientation , huge weddings , multi region corporate training , etc ) people tend to gravitate ... perhaps . but why waste it prematurely . i think saving it for celebration after the culling sounds more apropos . um where is my glass ? finished up my masters this past summer ( was actually done classes in the spring but officially now ) now beings the ugly prospect of hunting for a new job . i love my current gig as it is very very ... mbp , you know me well . all that is missing is a giant candy striped straw . doing a bit of sipping while catch up on what i missed . congrats on realizing that mandolins are evil . i'll stick with my ... abc : always be closing shots no . pint of vodka with a splash of mixer ? clearly . and siggy i will try to mind my manners whilst i am back . please just keep my tab open and the pours generous . ... hey jake , car is now boosted ( supercharger ) and 5 speed swapped with a few more goodies ;) testing testing 123 . is this thing on ? finished grad school yesterday doesn't seem real yet . yes or are just plain lacking basic social skills . as jake succinctly put it you are dispensing fairly senseless word vomit . you are cluttering up this thread and get quickly agitated when you get ... don't make me drag your ass on maury to prove how full of shit you are right now . sounds like the reason most of us have a job . the traditional meaning is even if you don't have the skills needed to do it act like you can until you do have the skill . i don't think any entj buys into that logic . if we thought we flat out ... it is the internet so yes there is a fair amount of bullshit and ego but you shouldn't be surprised by the answers you got . typically after a rebuffing of thoughtful answers with semantics , the ... i think a common fear entj's have in the process of dating is the the ladder that is that we want to move toward perfection and that every move should be like an upward step towards that goal . the ... two small a sample size ;) but seriously that would be like trying to turn a square of marble into a perfect sphere with two swings of the hammer . what i have found was that not only did it ... interest is a vague thing for me as i collect people . consider how many tools you have in different parts of your house . having the right person for each moment is just as rewarding , but i have ... well that is another one in the bag ladies and gentlemen , someone please off the wounded and bury the dead . i will be at our bar if anyone needs me . i do miss siggy , one hell of a drink maker . people can be very petty ask me how i know . hey people , please for the love of all that is freaking holy somewhere in your massive walls of text where you describe every text message you sent over the 2.3 weeks you dated can you please ... yes riiight up until they call them for a reference and they tell your future hr department you are a giant pain in the ass to get along with , have issues following protocol , and aren't a team ... multiple choice : a ) tact b ) get a new job c ) convince your mind that this is temporary situation and that like many things in life , it will just suck for a bit . focus on the desired end ...  yo dawg , clearly it isn't because of your texting skillz ... you called mbp bae ... haha :p opcorn : bingo during some of my dark times i could have seen myself doing this . hey if double was attractive and in this age of meeting romantic interests in the oddest ways , why not ? beats yelling in ... what you fail to extrapolate from ms . fury's post is that we will find your weakness and exploit it . i have been told i have this crazy uncanny way of reading people like i am reading a ... they mentally photoshop us surrounded by assorted infantile animals had a 15 minute long debate with a professor that could have been resolved with the following answer no the data doesn't have typos when asking about outliers that logically could be explained by ... you are an asshole but a loveable one get that a lot i like to call them out on it . brings them into direct conflict and if they have a real issue we can deal with it . typically a miss communication over a situation that can then be resolved . if not ... ceasar , i feel you pain . and as was said before your issue likely lies within social politics . back in 07 i worked for a company that was more blatantly ruled social pecking order than any other ... '