' i suppose robin hood was a socialist since he stole from the rich and gave to the poor . anyhow , it seems to me that both extremes of socialism and capitalism are unhealthy . too much redistribution ... great thread . hornet man that guy was smart . and , he was only 20 . he reminded me of my friend who has a genius or near genius iq . except , i think your guy is even smarter than that . i know right ! ! ! i was so surprised . you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! official messages from omegle will not be sent with the label ' stranger : ' . strangers claiming to represent omegle are lying . stranger : heyy you : ... you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! official messages from omegle will not be sent with the label ' stranger : ' . strangers claiming to represent omegle are lying . stranger : hi i have ... i too am from michigan . probably one of the more random conversations in the history of conversations . you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! official messages from omegle will not be sent with the label ... um ... i kind of bleeped out the cuss words to try and stay in line with the forum rules . you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! official messages from omegle will not be sent with the ... i think your post brushes upon a useful point . mainly in that as infp's we can often have much of the relationship be inside our heads . sometimes the communication we think exist is actually just ... duh leet ed . darkness is inherent in all of us , as well as light . i know you speak of misanthropy and i have my days where despite showing a happy , peaceful person trying to create harmony in the world i pretty ... haha i thought that too . uploaded with imageshack.us working a lot and being unhappy in the work that you do is not the same thing as having a strong work ethic . having a strong work ethic is something that is applicable to any aspect of your life . a ... boom shock a locka yeah boyyy that's how aelthwyn rolls with a 1200 word post dropping bombs on your fizace ! ! ! anyways , i gotta go so i can't respond to all the questions as much as i want to get ... well , it's probably not exactly what you had in mind but i just wanted to mention how teachers get a few months off in the summer . one of the reasons i'm shifting gears to pursue a teaching degree . ooh , i just thought of something that i wanted to add . you should also look into your diet and make sure you're getting adequate nutrition , including dha and epa forms of omega 3 fatty acids . these ... this one time , at band camp , i stuck a flute in my pussy . haha sorry but this thread reminded me of that . so you think getting pummeled was warranted ? the posters above me have spoken very well on this topic . i cannot surpass . however i will say this , although i have no idea if it will even help 0.1 percent . accept death with your whole heart ... that is so interesting that you mention taoism . taoism played a huge part in my life and shaping me when i was around 24 . i think you should do whatever you feel necessary to grow as a person . also , ... i agree 100 percent ! one of the best things you can develop in life is a good work ethic . it's okay to understand your typology but not okay to misrepresent it . yes , we are dreamers , and yes we may ... the matrix trilogy a nightmare on elm street groundhog day gattica shawshank redemption planet terror ! ( hell yeah ! ) superman the shining donnie darko the exorcist this kind of reminds me of something i was thinking about the other day . i was actually pondering which type would be best in a fight . i know what you mean though . you fight as if you don't have an ... i just want to reiterate that there is good and bad with anything . moderation is what's important . marijuana is an addictive substance and yes it does kill brain cells and yes it can cause memory ... communication is key . i think a lot do . what your feeling is normal . i don't anymore but i used to and i have gone through periods in my life where i smoked a lot . i think like most things in life weed can be good or bad ... my ex and i had opposite tastes in movies , music , and t . v . shows . it was so hard to even find a common ground . i will never get involved with someone i am so incompatible with ever again . it was a ... i love you guys ! goodnight ! this is a great thread . for those who are maybe trying to figure themselves out a little more or what to do with their lives , which i know is hard for us infp's here are some additional links to ... for the record , i never found the nightmare on elm street movies scary . to me they were more dark fantasy than a true horror film , although there is a lot of murder in them . but in terms of scary , i ... i knew you were musical from the ii v i in your name . i play piano as well and compose . although , my piano chops need work . haha obsessed is a pretty good description for me and the fascination has carried into adulthood . can't say my mom really understood that aspect of my personality and was a little bit put off by it ... i think what they are saying is they don't want a one night stand or a party fuck . man , i think infp's may just be the sexiest bitches around ! haha my favorite part about these pictures are the drawers in the background and the rest of the room in disarray . me thinks that looks familiar . i think the average intp will be more skillful at math than the average infp . however , take any random intp and any random infp and the infp may be more skilled at math . also , there could be an infp ... thanks . i hope it sticks . i'm happy here . i think it will . yeah , i was shocked that blue skies was available . first username attempt . i was like , there is no way this will be available under this spelling but sure enough there it was . cool avatar by the ... what turns me on is making love which is different then having sex . this forum has a ton of stickied threads . yeah , at this stage in my life i don't even bother anymore . no matter what someones opinion i just usually smile and nod . sometimes i'll try and guide them with some form of socratic method but ... i love some of the pieces from the four seasons . this guy is great ! he plays classical music on keyboard but also some contemporary stuff like this philip glass piece . plus he has cool colored hands ... uploaded with imageshack.us you make a good point . as i originally posted , i am an infp who for the longest time thought himself an intp . however , i am unsure if i was misclassifying myself or if i've changed and now better ... can you clarify or be more specific please ? your life's path is magenta you seek novelty and a full life . you love to experience as much as possible . you believe it's important to never get stuck in a rut . you like to break out of patterns ... '