' after several years of studying socionics , i am tentatively suspecting i may be ese ( not sure though ) . i'd self-typed iee for a long time , however , over time situations of lack of resonance with ... i want to know everything ! i know it's a clinical matter . i was just responding to your post about ni , which wasn't clear to me in the first place how it tied in to this topic . but i had to correct your fallacies . also ... very interesting . i am the same way with unrequited love . oh and , i feel the same about verbalizing i love yous . not sure what you mean by in the grip . socionics estp's are incapable of ni but secretly wish they were and admire anyone who uses a lot of it . it's their dual seeking function . ne is estp's ... according to socionics , if you meet a socionics infp ( iei ) he or she will give you that reason to live , and show you some meaning to your life . when you find him or her , you will find happiness . so , ... no problem ! ! i love your spelling btw ! ! : tongue : scuse me , i'm a she : tongue : . but thank you , i feel that is quite a compliment . i've been fascinated by an estp for the past 6 months , and much of his character traits that i've observed seem to be ... i disagree with this . estps ' hidden agenda is to be loved . they know what love is , better perhaps than anyone else . the problem is that they want to be loved sincerely and deeply , not superficially ... i'm like that too ! and i'm infj . i get really stressed out though so i'm trying to change that about myself . i know i was being semi-facetious ! i instinctively put up walls when i'm cautious about situations that could potentially be emotionally hurtful , which i agree has been quite the handicap for me ... i agree , and esfps touch people more ( in a huggy way ) . of those i know of each type to illustrate the difference estp guy - - would poke my shoulder with one finger when passing by ; i also ... is your wife infp or infj ? how did your relationship start out ? i mean , how did you make it a relationship ? how did it happen ? also what was tentative about it for you at first ? and i know estps ... i'm infp and i question guys ' motives . especially when i'm dealing with an estp . you're just gullible bluebird , probably not type related ( maybe more age related as that sounds like something i may ... yeah i guess the challenge is to find an estp who has reached a certain maturity level where he doesn't feel like being a playa anymore . yeah we're making this a secret thread just for us nfs . our little enclave here on the estp board . : wink : well i apologize for lecturing , seems like you've already had some experience with socionics . i actually had a lot of fun writing those posts and hopefully they'll be useful to others on this forum ... orangeappled obviously does not see what i see in estp's . estp's actually appear cold . their outgoing nature and social charm , while friendly , is not warm like that an enfj's or esfj's . their ... socionics is a bit complicated to understand initially , but i find it much more accurate in describing and helping me understand interpersonal relationships . mbti does not emphasize this and should ... socionics typing should not rely on the test--the test can be pretty inaccurate . did you also read the infj descriptions ? because seriously , a lot of what you said above sounds very infj ( even down ... interestingly , the estp girl i know also walks in a leisurely way . maybe it's a male vs female thing . all the estp guys i know or have talked to online walk like energizer bunnies . i hear what you guys are saying . i do . and i've felt the same downsides of estp's . the difference is , i admire them for the characteristics these flaws embody ( i . e . absolute social genius , total ... ok , so you feel that ni as defined by socionics is your primary conscious function ? ( introverted intuition - wikisocion ) and fe is your auxiliary ? ( extroverted ethics - wikisocion ) if ... how is it wack ? i find it amazingly accurate . so what do you do when you actually feel attracted to someone ? how do you make it known ? you guys seem to be forgetting the fact that socionics types and mbti types do not necessarily correlate . to find out your socionics type , you have to read a bunch of socionics descriptions by ... we're just really chill people . . . : wink : and we think about life while we walk , at least i do . . . i have been known to speed up when estp is walking with me . : tongue : and obviously if i'm ... i was just re-reading this thread and wanted to comment on this post . you make an interesting point about ni / se possibly clashing while fe and ti interacting online seem to be enjoyable for you ... true it's just natural everyday behavior for you ;) you two are so funny ! ! ! : laughing : i apologize , i think i was unclear . i didn't mean to harp on the manipulation aspect . heck i do that too . i'm just saying if you try to get the girl to confess her feelings , you're not going to find ... ha well , you are going to have a lot of trouble scoring those infj females then if that's how you handle potential love interests . i have been known to make subtle moves , and even did once confess my ... is this true for the guy estps too ? they always seem so confident and have high self-esteem ! you could still be a socionics infp though which would still make estp your duals . posted via mobile device aww why'd you erase your post ! i liked it . . . in fact i agree with you . the estp i know has beautiful eyes . but they are not piercing . they are intense but soft and caring . so true , to both ! ! the one estp i know said he would come to a big lecture i gave , and a few days after he said he would come , he even joked that he would ask me some tough questions . well it ... but do you like us just because you know we like you ? what do estps think of our lack of confidence ? how about our awkward way of expressing ourselves verbally ? how about our slowness and ... no the estp i know is not canadian . interesting how well these personality type theories work ( especially when it's a good type fit ) . and yes i do believe infj and estp are duals per socionics if ... i know an estp just like that ! same guy ? ? i guess mine weren't that impressive :/ by the way another thing i observed about this estp was that he's so quick ! i'll be walking in my relaxed , dreamy pace , and he'll catch up to me and pass me just walking . like , our paces are ... what about the infj social awkwardness , reclusivity , contentment with just sitting there , and the way we can be spacey ? how about our slow walking pace ? how do you guys see that ? often i feel like ... thanks for confirming to me that he's an estp ( i typed him based on my insights working with him ) . there's no mistaking it reading the descriptions , but i started second-guessing myself recently . and ... well there is one in particular i'm interested in . . . well , i'm trying to decide whether or not i'm interested in him , probably for the same reasons you dont like estp ( they're my socionics duals ... estps and infjs are so different . you guys are social bundles of energy , we are slothlike recluses . what do you estps think of us infjs ? what do you like or dislike about us ? i noticed the characteristic in bold in the estp guy i worked with . he worked really hard to hide his true self from the public , his true self being kind , good natured , well meaning , thoughtful , ... if this is a common estp trait , why do estps tend to be the player bachelor type ? is this a sentiment you've developed as you got older and realized you may end up alone if you keep up this behavior ? what's the verdict on these ? do you guys think they could attract an estp ? yes ! ! ! i think this happens to nice people in general ( some will see nice people as an opportunity to take advantage ) , however i think the difference with us is that we recognize these ... yes ! ! ! so it's an infj thing . . . now i get it . i thought it was just me being in love with the process of love . . . '