  they played this song in the encore of the concert i attended last night . the whole evening was a truly spiritual experience .  wow ... that is an incredibly powerful song . it conjures some brilliant imagery in my head , to be sure . i get choked up listening to eits often . they evoke a lot of emotion with their ' cathartic mini-symphonies ' . this song in particular gets to me , but that's mainly because there is a powerful memory ... my first girlfriend whom i dated for 3.5 years was an enfp . at the moment i have a very close female esfj friend who i believe is attracted to me . i also seem to tickle the fancy of a coworker who is ... those are some wonderful photos . especially the 2nd to last one , i love how the street lamp is casting the long shadows out onto the snow .  keeping with the recent bon iver trend ... only one out of the eight-ish people i've shown this to even cracked a smile , whereas i crack up every time . tim and eric's brand of humor is a rare one that a minority of people understand / enjoy . i ... no problem :o) j mascis does guest vocals on a few songs on and the glass handed kites . too cool . message me when you run out of stuff to listen to , i will bombard you with recommendations ! you are totally right ! they kinda have a weird mr . bungle vibe . you should check out and the glass handed kites and frengers , both are spectacular albums from start to finish . mew rules . beautiful song , beautiful video . i believe this was shot in iceland . so magnificently gorgeous . catching up with 2 old , dear friends made me smile today . my nightly walk . a time to recover and gather my thoughts . just me and the stars ! ( except tonight , i am currently in rural southern oregon and a little bunny rabbit decided to come along with me for ... a bit haunting ... this is a perfect song for the soundtrack of my imagination . i mentioned this in another thread , but in terms of beauty , something that really strikes a chord in me are photos of snow-covered locations at night . there is something so appealing to me about it ... hey guys , i am planning on backpacking through europe with a friend of mine who is an enfj . we get along great whenever we hang out but i'm just worried about having to be around her 24/7 for several ... yes ! give me more ! i found myself coming back and listening to that new squarepusher song numerous times throughout the day today . so good ... you should pm me a list of specific songs or whole ... maybe it's just me , but i really like pictures of snowy places at night . it's a little eerie and i love the contrast of the dark sky and the white ground . i just want to jump inside this picture and ... you know you're an isfp when ... you lay down $ 95 to get the soundtrack of your favorite video game imported from japan ... you usually prefer instrumental music over music with lyrics ... a ... i think you may be a type 5 also , you sound incredibly similar to myself and i am a type 5w4 . just my two cents !  wow , this is great . honestly , i never really gave electronic music a chance before you messaged me about squarepusher the other night but this is great stuff . i love the technicality , it's fun ... i live in portland and it is the perfect environment for an isfp , in my opinion . the coast is 2 hours to the west , the mountains are 1 hour to the east , and there are lots of beautiful places ... i pretty much just wear the same outfit every day : a pair of jeans and a t-shirt ( most likely just a random one that i found at value village ) . i also only own one pair of shoes , slip-on vans because ... i often deal with this feeling of inferiority as well , especially when i'm talking with people who are skilled conversationalists . i never speak up when there is something to be said and get left in ...  i struggled mightily with nerves as well . i would be so nervous before a show that i would have to go throw up in the bathroom right before we went on ! the nerves aren't really an issue for me ... lots of things make me laugh ... inside jokes , anti-comedy , sarcasm , irony , dirty jokes , etc ... my favorite comics are tim heidecker and louis ck .  me being silly when i was 18 and beardless ... here's me a few years ago with a raging face ...    