' hello . there's no such thing as just another intp , so welcome , welcome ! funny you should say that about esfj's ; i'm here because i was professionally tested many years ago and came out intp , but ... truth . even your time : ask for a hiatus while you deal with stress at work / school , or say you're not going to answer the phone for a while , or unfriend someone on facesuck , and you have disrupted ... these difficult times , they call for difficult measures : ^ ^ ^ ftw i did know what you meant , and i am good at organizing other people as components in a plan to do crazy things , but you should see how carefully i plot my itinerary from bed to bathroom to ... i have known a few , and the one thing all of them had in common was a need to keep their environment from changing . the one who was not satisfied with the environment was doing everything to create ... weird . does it work if it's not negative - i . e . , what we thought we had come to see - or if we change it to what we had not thought we had come to see ? no joke . i tried to learn some croatian , and i'm not exactly a sludge-brain , and ... i still know basically nothing . i will happily ask for clarification if you say something i don't understand , and ... ... you would think of that , but is the cat transmitting or receiving ? when i doodle , i often draw people turning into trees or vice versa . i can't seem to do truly whimsical things like your ... fairly certain that emotional reactivity level is only pathological if it varies widely , in combination with other symptoms , e . g . bipolar disorder . which is not what you're describing at all . what ... were you disappointed really ? i found it very liberating ; it didn't do any good to call anyone's bluffs , but at least i could improvise with impunity . dude . don't give away my m . o . ( i'm trying to convince the others at work that ) part of my value lies in my design flow projects and efficiency engineering ! fair warning : i have a mad crush on shostakovich , so best not leave me an opening to blather . - double fair warning : when i say i have a crush on a composer / author / famous teacher it's a very intp ... aha ! i know almost nothing about croatian at all , i'm afraid . but i'm curious : are you using a computer program or internet translator to check when you are not quite sure about the meaning of words ? ... no worries . it is a busy season , probably for both of us professionally as well as personally - though for me the latter is more to do with finding ways to be absent personally while still being ... i am the same . when i feel anger , frustration , or pain , i want henning mankell , j . m . coetzee , or albert camus . people tell me to read funny books , like jitterbug perfume or me talk pretty someday , ... does it ever annoy / amuse the rest of you that john mellencamp's jack and diane transitions so smoothly into the indigo girls ' romeo and juliet ? that's why i'm here . to find people like you and the others i have met here . that light is strong , but i want to see myself clearly , so that i know my limitations , but also so that i can help others ... america is a long way from knowing what a harvest is , even metaphorically . also , since most of the farmland must be harvested in september or october , it's really strange to celebrate a holiday in ... it is a paradox to fear that there's nothing clear , no information , no depth , while at the same time worrying about whether all you have learned is enough for you to make a good choice . how do you ... seranova and islandlight that , and you don't have to worry about getting nasty internet reviews because during negotiations to cut more money out from under you , the clients decided that you were ... 1 . a friend's voicemail message : you have reached an imaginary number . please rotate your phone ninety degrees to the right and try again . 2 . the grammatical ambiguity on one of my t-shirts , ... there ! i am not the only one ! i also have my library barcode memorized , and i too remember bits of songs like this - there was a song on the speakers at the grocery a few nights ago , a song i at ... i do not disagree that those who use phrases and arguments from philosophers to justify their entitlement . i might go a bit farther than you do and say that a free market is not free without free and ... see the quote please . any statement taken to give power and again , we come to definitions . if this is what zealot means to you , then by your definition , perhaps the orange is a zealot . i think ... that would totally make my day , too . wait , and aren't you the one with the ironic iron maiden t-shirt ? you are awesome . confession : i tried friendsgiving this year - skip the family infighting ... everything from black friday to christmas is in a downward spiral / self-destruct pattern . the sales are in many cases just short of fraudulent ( e . g . yes , xbox for $ 20 - but only five ) . spending on ... questions have probably changed between 1997 , when i first took it , and 2015 , when i last did , but even if they didn't , i did . but i'm not clear on your tone here . is this a good thing , a bad ... ... and then sometimes i get angry because what i did say , i said with the emotional content of a first-level physics paper . yes , i said i did not like to be awakened that way . no , i don't hate you ... direction , and companionship , are things with which many of us do struggle . i am not a good one for giving advice , but i will say that the direction i have in life , i have because i took an enormous ... ae1905 i think we have very different conceptions of zealotry . while it is true ( and none of us could avoid noticing ) that the orange is polarizing , self-aggrandizing , and evidently very driven to ... damn . this is why you always precheck strawberries for high polarity , kids . : laughing : nell you , me , and my cats . i do actually have decent peripheral motion sensors , so i seldom get hit by ... there are a lot of nouns i might use to capture the orange , but zealot is not one . : rolleyes : dude . i have some reactions to the orange non-zealot , and i also have some reactions to the ... i've been through times when it seemed as though nobody could talk with me in the way that i talk , but is that what you're talking about ? it sounds like it's bothering you more that you don't have a ... does anybody hold up zealots ? i mean , anybody civilized , daesh don't count . also i'm not sure i'd classify either locke or hume as lawful neutral in effect as both have been used to justify some ... liability issues kill people everywhere these days ; that's just more gruesome than what the rest of us see . : sad : between malpractice insurance demanding that doctors practise in a certain way and ... a lot to unpack in your post , but just let me point out two things : witchfinders and eugenics . transcripts of english witch trials are horrifically risible , and ever since edward ii , that patrilineal ... is that our equivalent of godwin's law here ? i've seen it everywhere too ; mostly the are types innate question ; but that seems a natural extension of the nature of the forum so ... is it considered ... for your extremely serious information , putting a sock in a toaster may not have immediately noticeable effects if it's wool beyond a nasty burnt-hair smell , but the stitches will thin more quickly ... mm , not forget , because at some point you'll have to compare notes with her and make sure she understands what you really meant and that you understand why she reacted as she did , but eh . in the end ... phenotype . that was the word i was looking for . genes don't read off directly to what our bodies look like ; they produce combinations of likely phenotypes , and environment ( and other stuff ? ) dictate ... your choice of terms in the first paragraph seems to be suggesting a negative judgment of this underneath-nothing-feeling . do you think you should feel more connected , responsive , emotional , reactive ... yes . that is wagner to me as well . ... i have a tangent i'd like to go on at some point about shame , guilt , beowulf , nietzsche , and why i think wagner got third-reich-appropriated , but we are really ... isn't it ? well . i shouldn't assume we mean the same thing if we'd both say it . what do you mean by dead , and how would other people show it ? mostly this ? but i don't see adaptation as fake , or even a misrepresentation . i'm never not thinking about how i'm doing what i'm doing or what the effect might be of a thing i say or do , so being ... yeah , i do have control issues , but they're not necessarily connected to my infinitely pure , passionate , consuming distaste for telephones : laughing : always ! impromptu and ex tempore for the ... amen . all drang , no sturm , all zeit and no geist . i've seldom heard anything that required more technical expertise of a vocalist but can't get into it at all , even when i love the stories behind the ... i hand out ideas right and left . i've got more than i'll ever use , and i know people who could use them . dissertation topics , science hypotheses , oratory and short papers , plots , incomplete musical ... don't mind at all , and ditto basically everything you said , except i'm the intp in my relationship . i'm married to an infp who isfj's at work . my spouse doesn't get as excited about typing systems as ... a phone is a leash . i do not wear leashes , not for work , not for ... not work , whatever that is . : crazy : please update us on your findings . new rule : know someone who is not intp on whom you ... call me an intp ( or just a webding ) , but i've read this thread twice and am still confused . 1 . so you wanted to get closer to the artist as a person for friendship / romantic reasons more than you ... '