' ah , not really . i'm an outgoing introvert as well and i make acquaintances by the dozen wherever i go . but to become my friend someone has to have an extraordinary connection ( although this ... well , there's some room between ' talking about my interests ' and ' talking about their problems over and over again ' , right ? like talking about their interests , your problems , new problems , stuff you ... i'm not very good at reaching out to my friends either . mostly for different reasons , though ( overwhelmed , feeling like i have to finish work things before moving on to play things , lack of alone ... ( hi , barging into your interesting thread ! ) it seems to me that there's a difference in definition of ' understanding ' going on here that gives rise to a dash of annoyance on both sides . of ... i've only been with two men in my life but both times i went from ' hi , i'm attracted to you ' to heavy petting in one evening . i met the last of those two men when i was 17 and i've been with him ever ... oh wow . i don't often read stuff that makes me jump out of my skin with anger , but you hit the jackpot ! i can forgive all kinds of hurt in relationships when it's done out of clumsiness and good ... my advice : stop framing it as an ' efficiency ' issue and start framing it as a ' i don't know exactly why i want this but i really want this and if you could do me this huuuge favour i'd be ever so ... you're putting the cart way , way before the horse . don't doorslam your parents . just move out . take your distance in a natural way . breathe . the relationship between parents and adult ... in the cases where i reached out to people after a fight , i definitely wanted something from them ! either : a ) to resume the friendship . probably on a slightly different basis than before , but i'd ... i'm also an e4 infj , but here's my take . girl : check out the conversation on this facebook picture ! ( link ) translation : here's something cool / funny / amusing i think you'd like . ( overture , bid ... ' s position is logical , though . all dogs pose a certain risk around kids . that's why dog trainers and dog therapists always recommend never to leave your dog and kid ( under 10 ) alone ... blueseven , nope , don't think so . i could keep up with the best of them in terms of smarts , dedication and overview . counting cells made me want to cry , but that's probably more inferior se ... didn't want to make it sound more dire than it is ! 90 % of the time , we're fine . he's generally a sweet , responsive , responsible man who tries his best to keep in mind the differences between us and ... morphyous , i know it's not easy for him . i try not to ask it of him often . of the alone time ( nobody around ) , together time ( focus on each other ) and companiable time ( be in the same room , but ... i'm an infj married to an istj . i tend to want to ask him ' why ? ' when he says he loves me . not because i want to mindfuck him or don't believe i'm worthy of love , but because words of affirmation is ... i was a research scientist for a while ( molecular biology without any link to poor widdle children , so not a touchy feely topic at all ) and i enjoyed it a lot . science is awesome - excellent workout ... , i think a large part of what i dislike about being a four is the constant cognitive dissonance that resides in everything . everything has this ' beautiful passion ' associated with it . it's ... whenever i read short enneagram descriptions , the 4 still strikes me as the most negative , horrible thing . the descriptions of 4s in the throes of negativity make me sick , and the descriptions of 4s ... i'd definitely talk to the teacher and perhaps even find my kid a new school . that educational model makes me sick . they shouldn't be punished for being wrong , they should be rewarded for ... i think it's offensive to want to change a person's core values . furthermore , i think you can't . ;) i also think that nobody has ' bad ' core values . just bad ways of trying to reach those core ... like many here , i don't particularly mind people having weaknesses . what i can't stand is people not finding ways to deal with a weakness . if you have a bad knee and can't run , it's your ... just read about the break-up a second before intending to post my long analysis . sorry to hear . infj ( type 4 ) woman married to an istj ( dunno enneagram type ) man , here . been together for 12 years now . not always happy . the types do clash , but i consider our marriage a success . ( if you look ... ( writing from a us perspective . ) ' combat roles ' is a red herring . with modern warfare , people in ' non-combat ' roles are still very likely to see combat ( because supply lines or camps or bases ... if you want to make me learn something i'm not particularly interested in : - make it interesting ( tie it to intriguing questions , show me talks by enthusiastic people , tie it to something i am ... i watch foreign films all the time . films from my own country , the netherlands , are generally horrible . ;) it is a homeostatic process . but like any real homeostatic process , it's not a ' battle . ' your body isn't locked in an eternal homeostatic battle between dehydration and low blood osmolarity - it ... maybe it happens with growing older ( 29 , ahem ) , but i can only remember one party in the last 5 years which bored me stiff , and that was just because everybody knew everyone and nobody was interested ... anyone with really awesome skills ( provided that having their memories means having their skills , or at least means that it's easier to ' re-learn ' the skills with a new body ) . so , anyone around ... rainymood.com : rain makes everything better . love sleeping , just don't like going to bed at night . ( or getting up in the morning , but that's mostly because i wake up roughly if i don't sleep enough , which happens a lot because i don't like ... i like that i understand myself better and that it gives me permission to be who i am while still getting on my case if i'm being unhealthy about it . there's a difference between being berated for ... sounds like you , for one , are in the right emotional space to listen to him . good on him that he approached you to talk ! just keep a tight rein on your adaptabilty , ok ? it's one of the beautiful ... answering your final question : yes , i think all infjs are doomed to regularly have very unhappy moments . i had one with my husband yesterday - i did something that accidentally caused him physical ... no , intense doesn't really relate to ' meaningful . ' it just means that you have feelings , not that these feelings are particularly healthy or constructive or meaningful or moral or welcome . in fact , ... seems like standard behaviour for an infj who needs something , has tried all the non-drama-queen ways she knows of getting it , and has reached the end of her rope and is flailing desperately . my ... you say you're an intj . if you really want to become a good friend , use your strengths of intuition ( being able to look at this situation from different points of view ) and thinking ( planning , ... don't send those letters . really , don't . by all means write them if they make you feel better , but they're almost guaranteed to make her feel worse , and destroy any chance you have for ... i have heard the same thing . for me , it's about the way language is woefully inadequate to express all the different details , view points , factors , premises , histories and reasonings that go into ... interesting ! i'll try . 1 . as i understand it , having extraverted feeling ( fe ) means that you to some extent take on as your own the values ( and needs ) of a group . assuming that is correct ( and if ... agreed with the others . i only doorslam when i've given people a hundred chances and all my best skills in trying to bring up subjects and make myself understood . and they consistently not only ... it seems this conversation is going on at different levels . here's what i think about the levels i can identify . warning : very long . ignore at your own discretion . ;) meta : is this entire ... so , let me get this straight . in the op , you said you were hella annoying to him for about 5 minutes straight . he apparently found it annoying enough to want to leave . most of this is ... hi guys , infj from utrecht reporting in . i love the idea of a meet-up , but unfortunately this month i'm a little strapped for cash and time , so i'm afraid i can't make it . ( this whole week is ... i don't have any experience with romantic break-ups , but extrapolating from other types of break-ups ( friendships , jobs , roommates , schools ) i think one of two things would happen : - if i break up ... i test infj , and sometimes it can really freak me out if i can't get a read on people . i don't mind people having secrets , i don't mind people being upset about something and not wanting to tell ... got a reminder e-mail about this thread , and then i noticed i never responded to your last post , lirulin . sorry about that . first off , i was struck by something you wrote to teddy 564339 ... yup , information sponge here . things are just so interesting ! i'm not a fan of random information , though - when a subject catches my eye , i dive into it sort of systematically , looking up ... i never dreamt of marriage , kids and house . i have , however , always wanted to be more grown-up than i actually was - to have the freedom and responsibility to make my own decisions and arrange my ... for me , i can only jump ship when i've exhausted all the possibilities to make things better , either because i tried them and they failed or because i know i can't find the resources to pull them ... '