' i can't stand pretentious people , chatty cathy , negative nancy , inactivity , hypocrisy & attention seeking crybabies . #maga i like you all ! that's my complain . estps are too likeable , you fast thinking sobs , you ! seriously , you're amazing ! donald j trump is your run of the mill estp and his wife melania trump is an istp . insane combo ! i just want to thank enfps in general on behalf of my sister , who is an enfp , who has always acted as my counselor and who very recently counseled me once again in time of great emotional confusion i ... i try . :) you're welcome . if only you could see me and my dad behave . my dad is an estp and i , an istp . here are some key differences i could gather : istp estp either full on or full off my personality changes alot . at work ( or some days ) i'm quiet , serious & business-like . some days i'm lady-like and into etiquettes & retro lifestyle / fashion . some days i'm loner , goth , ... the istp : likes to tinker : annoyingly ... istps try this . it's a set of questions to determine whether you're an isfp or istp . wow ! ! ! i had eyegasm . :p opcorn : * repeated * that's exactly what happened with me just a while ago . my co-worker is freaking out because he missed his deadline and called me up on my cell looking for some kind of solution . i told him to relax ... love the breakdown in theory and the application . * repeated * dear type , what type are you to be so piss all the time , highly sentimental , insecure , stubborn , doesn't listen to logic , have appalling social skills , headstrong and looks like you're always ... montebella - that's weird . pouting that long for something you wrote online is atypical of an istp , at least according to my experience . think about this if you were really a friend with benefit ... i either arrive late or on time according to the importance of the event . if it's important i'm always on time . if it's not i'm either too early , too late , or just on time . it's never fix . if it's ... lonewaer - i think it's the classic s & n difference and often the point of contention between the two . anyway , i've learned a lot from the discussion with you and from the responses of other intps ... for example : let's say a day where we were together on weekends . as the day went on we met some people . we interacted . i remember their faces , sound of their voices , their tone and the words they ... you sound like my sister . she is an intp . she is the reason why i asked the question . i fail to understand that same take on facts but , still , thank you for your input . could you please ... yep . relationship questions are so hard to answer . i don't know half the things i feel about myself . it's crazy trying to imagine about somebody else and offer a solution . anyway , i'll try to answer . ... are you absent minded ? do you tend to be unaware of what goes on at your surrounding ? if you are then why ? do you value your ego more than facts ? is it more important for you to think that you ... xsfp ? reason : the lyrics emote a lot like an introverted feeler ( fi ) would . introverted feeler typically emote through writings and other media of artistic expressions . emotion type : anger . ... really ? but i thought this is the official online mbti instrument . fighter pilot . wow ! you just described the enfp i know . that's exactly why i asked the question . it's endearing and sometimes a bit frustrating to talk to her . she's never here . she'll say that she is listening but ... saya otonashi from blood trinity ( animatrix ) the matrix franchise . ...   don't mess with those istp girls ... they'll kick your ass ! : ninja : do you have short attention span ? the enfp that i know of do . she has a wealth of knowledge and fun to talk to but she never sticks to the topic on discussion while we discuss and would jump from the ... yes . i don't like to miss an opportunity to travel because i'm constantly fed with new and dynamic experience when i travel - i never get bored . it is something that i used to make a point of doing ... one example of a circumstance where an istp is likely to resort to violence would be in a case where a serial killer tortured , rape and murdered an innocent woman . the istp will slice and dice the ... no , i don't . yes , i will . it's not contradictory . extraverted feeling ( fe ) upholds basic social values , morals and ethics . it seeks and finds comfort in harmony . no matter how inferior ...  in mbti folklore , istp's badassery stems from the personality type's knack for over doing things they are interested in ( a habit that other types advises to slow down for our own sake ) and the ... intuitives can make assumptions and get riled up about it . it's impressive that they can pump their blood pressure high or low or just be serene just by making assumptions . sometimes , their ... istps are , generally , the go-getter , the fearless ; meaning highly confident with little doubt - somebody prepared to chart the uncharted . if you want something you go get it . you get really work up ... thank you gilly for doing us all a big favor . ( this is not sarcasm but a heartfelt gratitude ) . thank you . :)   :p erc 3 : it's selective . i like some of them and some i don't . recently , i watched this indie horror called the witch stylized as the vvitch . zero jump scares , well made but really fucked up - i'm ... that's the thing about inferior fe - little control over this function . the type also has little awareness of the same - the person is much less aware of his / her own emotion or its needs . for ... it's the fi which is prone to skirmishes . check again . '