' stare just what i needed to hear , aha . thank you ! hi guys , i have a problem . i like to dabbled in many things , its good in that it makes me well rounded , however , i'd rather focus on only one thing . i consider myself a poet / writer , a musician , and a ... i guess i'm bi (: how do my fellow infps feel about sports ? what sports do you think we are suited to the most ? mentally of course . are we attracted to solo sports , or team sports ? and what better time to ask than ... thanks ! i'll have a look at those . it seems interesting to learn about these things and experiences through others eyes , in a way that can be read like a novel . informational books tend to bore me ... aha , no , it's not just because of my mum . sure , it's affected me somehow , because i know my way around it - i even help my mum with her work occasionally , the planning , and any creative endeavours ... i guess i might aswell join in - dont mock me though x ) foreshadow : i see a man , everything he wished for became true . life full of problems and all the booze you could want . x91would you like ... infp / 4w5 (: my tumblr is : paterico.tumblr.com enjoy ! thanks guys ! umm , so i'm currently doing a media course , and i am enjoying it . apparently i'm really good at it , but i dont see it taking me anywhere , i guess i could still keep it as a hobby (: but ... i haven't been here for a while , but i like the advice i get here . basically , i don't know what to do with my life , after i left secondary school , i had this clear idea that i'd study the sciences , ... mine's paterico . (: ^ ^ what do you think caused it ? being ignored , like i dont matter , feeling like an outsider , and also bottling up emotions .. what do you feel like ? like crap . i have no one i can talk to , mainly ... (: i have one too my name is wrappedinmythoughts (: istp , my brother's one . i just don't understand him sometimes . the thing is , i think if someone was to observe me for a while , it could become obvious , but other than that , due to my reserved nature , i dont let it show :) i wanna join in :D the thing is i think i am , but because i'm so reserved , private and have low self-esteem / confidence , i hardly ever show my true emotions , someting that i like and hate , i like it because i don't ... i love you :) my names patrick :D if that ever happens , i'm probably gonna pmsl and then rofl ;D dd pet rocks , loool :D that's a good idea :) sticking to pc roots ;D you caught me - tori kelly hey :) nice to see another infp here :D that'll be funny :D everyone should say what they think it should be about . the most recurring one should be chosen . are you a musician , poet / songwriter or a singer ? i think we should vote on what the song's about first ? ... usually jobs that help people . i want to become a doctor ( helping others ) , but at the same time , i'll be writing my stories and creating my artwork ( creativity ) . hopefully it all works out . only if cuddles were infectious ... i'm an owl . haha :p roud : i had an idea , what if pc members could ' collaborate ' to make a song ? we could get the musicians to create a backing track , the poets / song-writers to write the lyrics and the singers to sing it . what ...  yup , i'm a christina fan :D welcome to personality cafe astronaut :) ... :: { deleted post }: : ... ( never realised i posted here before ) i've had a major surgery once , they needed to put an ilizarov frame on my leg , the reason being one leg longer than the other , i was on painkillers the whole way through . i was in a wheelchair the ... welcome to the forum :) another infp :D btw , i <3 charmed :P a thought just came across my head , what exactly does it mean to figure yourself out ? welcome to pc :D your result for the your type of girl test ... the debutante 66 % sexy-cute , 51 % dark-light , 66 % artsy-stylish cute , neither dark nor light , and stylish , you'll find the debutante at ... welcome to personality cafe :) you'll fit in just fine , everyone does :P i'm fine with my name ( patrick ) , i was named after my mum's brother who died very young . my mum said another choice was kai , i prefer the sound of the name kai , but i prefer the reason of calling me ... figuring myself out is neither something i give an ' i don't care ' attitude towards nor is it an ego fixation , but it's something i want to do . i remember hearing this somewhere , ' it's like a set of ... i'm going through this phase at the moment , figuring yourself out , your talents , your purpose etc ... has it ever become an ' ego fixation ' for you ? what advise would you give to someone in my ... nf and undecided ... i'm probably a b / c grade student , lowest i've had is a d , highest is an a * , and my iq is 135 . i took the mensa test with my iq being within the range of 130-150 . i'm hoping to get a job within the ... thats the thing . i've read other types and can relate to the majority of them in one way or another . i can relate to the isfp descriptions too . you've got a point :) i guess i was just excpecting the descriptions to fit me perfectly , but everyone's unique , right ? an infp isn't the exact same as another infp ... okay , let me see : ( these are all extracts from personalitypage.com ) infps , more than other intuitive feeling types , are focused on making the world a better place for people . - how are infps ... i wanna go to the moon . i could make friends with any life forms there . i could meet et :P '