' 717674 7176 66 like we always trying to do things , that make things easier and make everything automatized . we always trying to improve things and our lives . why do we want to be like that ? did we come up with ... 707914 memes train etiquette my cake day is soon so i give you the reason i joined imgur - album on imgur train etiquette train etiquette train 705865 no need to thank me kicking them in the balls . or nearly killing them . you can try it . i do it and i hate it . it's not a question . it would be more like a statement . ( man it's long and meaningless . if you want to read it , then read it . i warned you . but this hollowness is contagious . proceed with caution . ) i am kind of a sensitive person on the inside . but i ... the difference between men and women in certain mbti types is still unexplained . like i know the environmet , experiences form as who we are , but it's so cool finding the same types , yet they are so ... you're just human . guy .. i literally posted 59 videos here ( idk what i was thinking ... ) and then it says you can only post 5 . i mean i got what i deserved . why am i writing this . at least i had a nostalgia trip  ... i don't know ... 662738 6627 46 does doing nothing counts as a passion ? well ... i don't really have close friends ( sry for responding late ) hi actually i try to imagine myself in the other person's shoes , and try to think like them . and usually i just overthink possibilities and conclude an offensive and raw solution . and as i think infps ...  what do you think about anything ? hi all . do you have this still expression on your face ? because in fiction intjs are usually portrayed like that . i'm just curious . i think i'm jealous of sjs . they know what they want and i don't . but it's fine for me , except for people who are disappointed in me . but i'm still young so it's fine . maybe i'll grow up and change ... how can i grow up and be a functional human being ? i have no goals , but meh . maybe it's just a common thing being a teen . i hate feelings , it's makes things more complicated , but i can control them ... or just nod and smile i hate feelers . feeling makes things more complicated . i'm an infp ... shet ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) i'm not even ashamed the sound of my computer shit i was just left out . but why do you care what did they said ? i mean you have to experience bad things to walue the good stuff . and we have to grow up , world is not a good place nor bad . derailing ... ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) prepare your nipples ( ͡ ° ╭ ͜ ʖ ╮ ͡ ° ) why did we evolved to be this ? why ? we evolved millions of years to become this .  laughing and crying release stress . do it or you will get numb and it will make things worse . trust me . and i think they don't care because you seem fine ? and people are not mind-readers . and there ... no ... i'm an infp step 1 : step 2 : i experience something similiar too , except i'm a bit self-loathing . but i think all types experience love , they just show it differently . but i'm not an enfj , so i don't know . oh and don't trust mbti tests ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) ( ◉ ͜ ʖ ◉ ) ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) manato - isfj ranta - entp ( first i tought he was estp , but nah ) moguzo - isfp ( or infp , but i don't think so ) yume - idk maybe enfp need more proof for the others , maybe i will look into it . or ... eggsies so yeah . i don't have motivation nor goals . i'm a procrastinator if i can say it . oh and i can definetly see myself as frantic , and self-loathing . but i just want this feelnig go away . i'm a ... so i start it . i'm in love with an enfj girl for more than a half a year now and it fucking hurts . i just wanted to be friends , but my feelings fucked me up as always . so i know that i'm a really bad ... how do you like it from the back ? ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) now for serious . i need help with my friend , who is an estj . i'm trying to make him popular , because my classmates pick on him . so the problem is that ... report me and see what happens ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) i hate myself . i fuck up everything . i'm not even trying anything . even if i kill myself i make more harm to my loved ones . i disappoint everyone . i wanna be alone . i'm 16 and i'm makeing everyone's ... yeah . i don't really have friends . only my freind who is an xstj ( sry idk ) but he just talks about movies . i mean only movies or metal gear solid . i mean i don't hate him , i like him , at least he ... '