' it is funny . i can logically know that there's an astronomically low chance of me winning . but i still feel that rising what if ? right before i check the numbers . and then when i see that none of ... that's a really good observation . i'm generally very open-minded compared to most people . that's not what i would do , but whatever ... goes through my mind a lot . but i feel very judgmental towards ... we work in a grocery store bakery and decorate cakes . i work with mary ( isfj ) and two other decorators . mary is considered by everyone who meets her to be the nicest person they've ever met . she's ... my little sister is one . it's not a vacuum - a vortex . an apathetic , eccentric , selectively talkative , nerdy vortex . we've all seen the people on american idol who go on expecting to wow the judges , but are then shocked to be told they're tone-deaf . i was in choir in high school and while most people were at ... if the question was asked , which type do you want to be ? without taking the test , i doubt everyone would have answered enxj . most of the people taking this have been nfs and nts , and those letters ... it depends on the infp , but i think there is a tendency with some of them to wallow in their emotions and expect everyone else to dote on them . one of my boyfriend's friends is an infp and he's in a ... i think it's good to butt heads with your own type so you can destroy any illusions that your type is perfect . i met an intp guy at work . we talked and goofed off a lot and he kept me from dying ... i'm one of ten kids and i get along with most of my siblings really well . we were all raised kind of weirdly and most of us storm out of the house as soon as we can and assume we'll never talk to our ... overall pretty cool , but i think the intp superpower is lame . it sounds like a useful trait , but not a superpower . update : we have bought a kitten . repeat : we have bought a kitten . ahhh ! ! ! 12 weeks old . taking it home tomorrow ! screw the vacation . i totally won this round . let's go to the shelter , look at ... you don't need to know . but here you go : and i am a huge harry potter fan ... but there's just something about the way you express your fandom that ... i have a love-hate relationship with my perfectionism , but i do love the fact that i can usually master any skill that i have the time and patience for . for the nerd culture haters : chris harwick probably embodies everything you hate about nerd culture . yeah , i've realized that my thoughts will be there regardless of whether i speak my mind or not . the same cannot be said about people . defenestration is easier , but i think they'd appreciate the ingenuity of being choked with their own intestines more , ya know ? it's funny , because i always thought he was the spontaneous one ! it's ... for sure . i've done it to an extent as well and i'm usually fine with it when arguing with other intps . but every now and then you get that one that's going overboard trying to win an argument on an ... boyfriend is an entp . love him to death . but some days ... i have a few days off in a row this coming week . boyfriend suggests that we go somewhere . i'm hesitant . it's kind of last minute . but he ... originalsin i mostly agree . i think nerd culture started out as quirky people being proud of their quirky interests , but it quickly morphed into what i'd describe as : people being incredibly ... ... i don't think you understand me . the type that i've found most often correlates with irrational beliefs is also a type that is extremely cool to know . you'd be doing yourself a huge disservice to ... i think when teachers in middle school and high school gave group assignments they were thinking , here are valuable life skills that you will use for the rest of your life ! how exciting ! and they ... one of my favorite descriptions : an intp profile you've got a lot of reading ahead of you ! if i were you , i'd start by trying to figure out types of people you know well , especially someone ... have you tried thinking positively about this ? jk i'm a huge skeptic , so i feel your pain . but . it's stupid to get angry over it unless someone's pushing it on you . in my experience , you'll never ... outright insults don't really get to me because it's easy to dismiss those opinions . what gets to me more is comments that were never meant as insults , but make me realize people see me in a certain ... love it ! i used to think i was just so deep and mysterious and special ... until i realized that pretty much everyone thinks that way about themselves . what would you like to say to people in general , seeing as we have every type of person gathered here ? i don't mean anything directed at specific types , just something you think everyone should ... probably the same differences as between entp and intp men ... does your logic get in the way of your ideas / creativity ( intp ) or do your ideas / creativity get in the way of your logic ( entp ) . when an entp gets an idea , they often need other people to point out ... the way you talk about these girls , you seem really indifferent . assuming you are generally attracted to women , maybe you just haven't been particularly interested in the ones that pursue you ? ... omg , this is so how i think ! i don't feel like doing anything about this issue , but at least i have the right opinion about it . ntps for the win ! :P a few of my family members are very into it , the others are vaguely interested , so there are people i can talk about it with . i'm constantly trying to type people , so i'd be very amused if someone ... imaginary numb 3r i do like you're description . i'm actually rather impressed at how accurately you've described ti and ne while not being a ti ne user . the functions i don't use are such a mystery ... i love it ! is it just me , or does it seem like the typical description of an intp completely leaves out si ? like we're so absorbed in our heads that we don't pay any attention to the details around ... i seem to have a tough balancing act going on with my ego . i go back and forth from feeling like i'm so frickin cool and way smarter / talented than those around me , to feeling like i'm such a loser ... this actually surprises me , because i would have never in a million years thought of ti as being subjective ( compared with other functions ) . i think sometimes it can appear that way because it's all ... i see what you mean . i think the emotions that a thinker feels when they make a decision are based off of security . we can't feel good about a decision unless we feel like we've taken an objective ... i saw some intjs mention their dislike of ti on a different thread . is that a common thing for intjs to dislike ? if you dislike it , why is that ? i'm not bothered by it , because i can be pretty clumsy too . but i don't want to help . if i'm right next to the person , i will , but usually i'll walk slow and avoid eye contact so that someone else ... i think mine's an esfj , maybe estj . she's very extroverted and active . whenever people meet her , they always say , oh my god , you have the coolest grandma ! ! but that's just an act she puts on . she's ... oh man , i feel for her . intps have plenty of emotion , we just feel like it's the worst feeling in the world to show it , particularly if it's negative emotion . being pushed to the point of tears is ... as an nt dating an nt , yes , nts can be extremely arrogant . we have natural logical tendencies . we use these to try and make informed opinions and decisions . we pride ourselves on not choosing our ... i know , right ? the vast majority of my conversations about atheism are online because it's considered rude to bring it up in public . i've found that religious people are usually the ones to bring up ... the weather , especially cold weather . it always reminds me of the upcoming holidays . rainy days seem to transport me back to every rainy day i've ever experienced . in a good way , though . the ... for me , i find i can concentrate on my thoughts better if i stare slightly away from the person . if i look them in the eye , i get distracted and end up concentrating on when to look away , when to ... that , along with si vs . memory seems to be what i'm struggling to grasp . i know that having dominant ti doesn't make my logic infallible , but at the same time , i know i'm naturally good at thinking ... this is in regards to this specific situation and function order in general . i work with an isfj , with probably slightly above average intelligence . she very clearly prefers si more than i do ... kinesthetic , visual , then auditory . my mind wanders too much when i'm only listening to something . i doubt you'll find much correlation with most types . with most types it probably completely depends on the individual . however , i have noticed intps ( myself included ) dislike eye contact . could ... i had an enfp bff in middle school . it fell apart for reasons mostly unrelated to personality . pros : they are super fun and energetic . it's nice to have a friend who can get you off the computer ... march 31st for what it's worth , i have two intp siblings also born in march , but then there's an xstj and an isfp , along with a infj at the end of february ( lots of siblings , don't ask : tongue :) ... '