' wildlife biology sounds incredibly interesting ! it sounds like being a park ranger or doing something like animal rescue is something to consider . at least if you did animal rescue , you could help ... yes , it was an online final that's 20 % of my grade . i'm just going to retake the class and reverse what it has done to my gpa . i am positive that i want to be a nurse . i started doing volunteer ... wow , a 3.9 is excellent ! competition is really stressful , but if you really wanted to study veterinary medicine , it's something you should still strive for and use english teaching as a plan b , ... infp going crazy here . i know us infps are a very passionate bunch , but my passion is making really depressed and i don't know what to do . i'm finishing off my second semester of college and i'm ... infp here ! i want to be a psychiatric nurse practitioner and on the side i want to write books and open up an etsy shop with my boyfriend it would be ridiculous for me not to believe in them ;) here is what might be an unhealthy relationship between an infp and istp : i had an on and off three year relationship with an istp throughout high school . we could have had a good thing going if ... no , it was definitely a threat . the text said i knew it would be easy for you . watch your tire regarding the fact that i wasn't too responsive towards him threatening to end the relationship . i'm ... it does . i know he kind of his at fault for not showing up to court after several warnings , but fact of the matter is , i'm the only who called the cops over one tire and thinking back , that was ... if you don't show up to court , they get you for failure to appear to court . you have to go to court no matter what . court is court and they take it seriously so he'll be in jail for a few days then ... relationships like this are toxic . i've been trapped in and out of one for three years with a guy who is pretty much like jekyl and hyde . sweet , funny and charming one minute , but can lash out so ... he's insisting over and over again that he really didn't slash my tire and the text was a coincidence . the first time i asked him he said that he was just trying to warn me about my missing hubcap ... yeah but he doesn't deserve to go to jail over it , especially since he ended up paying for the tire . i just wanted him to learn a lesson , to know that he can't just go off and say and do whatever he ... i posted this in the advice section but i got no responses . i can always rely on the infp forum to respond to me . i have nobody in real life to talk to about this . i need help . if you and your ... if you and your significant other were at the edge of break up and he / she sent you a text saying watch your tire , then a couple days later , the afternoon of leaving for vacation , you find your car ... i want to find the love of my life eventually and get married , but i'm too unhealthy to be in a relationship . i don't trust anyone , and even if i tried , i can't get over the walls i built around ... hello infp friends ! i think most of us here struggle with career choices lol . i'm a cashier at a grocery store and it is the worst job ever . i dread going to work every day , and i count down to the ... i'm a cashier for my real paid job . it's the worst job ever to be quite honest . i dread going to it . i'm also a volunteer emt ( trying to get a paid job ) and i'm going to go for nursing when i start ... a perfect day for an infp ... a backpack full of books and unlimited train / plane tickets to go wherever the train or plane is going and just explore random places all day :D here are some suggestions that popped up in my head : - write books about philosophy - get a teaching certification - get a phd and become a professor - just do some entry level job ( my sister's bf ... sorry in advance for the length of this . i'm in the united states btw hello ! i am a senior in high school interested in eventually going to school to become a physician's assistant . i did my ... hi guys ! i have an unfortunate habit that ( one a lot of infps like me have apparently ) and it's the fact that i cannot be consistent with work ! i enjoy writing and i have a lot of story ideas in ... girl : anne or meredith ... or madeline . middle name would be rose or daisy boy : gavin or benjamin . middle name would either be david or kurt i have a big nose :( i usually avoid everyone and sit somewhere alone to distract myself from being upset . when i know i'm about to cry over something , i leave the room and hide . i also speak in short sentences and sound ... my mom is an entj , and i never tested my dad but i have a strong feeling that he is an esfp . they compliment each other really well and have a very strong marriage despite having totally opposite ... yeah , sometimes i wish i was an entj or entp when i feel down about myself , useless or at times i don't have my shit together . anything that goes wrong i take out on myself and wish i wasn't me . i'm ... i'm really lucky my mom is open about everything to my sister and i . i got my first period when i was 11 , and it was during school . i actually thought i peed my pants cause it came on very heavy , so ... zoos and aquariums are horrible . people shouldn't take the freedom of living creatures and put them on display in a cage for entertainment . birds should not be allowed to be pets . they are meant ... you know you're an infp when ... ... people seem to be very comfortable having personal conversations with you because of your gentle , trustworthy nature . you sympathize with the enemy or the ... it depends on the entj . i dated an entj and my mom is also an entj . i kind of debated whether or not my ex was an estj but his test came out entj so i'll stick with that cause i'm a newb . the entj ... 24 . this is why i have no friends oh my god this is so hard because there are so many things i would want to dress up as . if anything , i would have to go with being some kind of fairy princess ( hence my username ) with really ... whatever gets you a job with a good salary cause let's face it : life sucks without money and the job market is shit . might as well pick the one that is most practical if you're going to go to school ... hello . anyone on this forum an ultrasound tech or know anyone who's an ultrasound tech by any chance ? i wanted to go into nursing cause of the variety and stuff but putting in catheters and ... beaten down , but at the same time nervous and excited for the future i consider myself to have a very androgynous personality , so i can easily relate to both genders . i prefer to get along with everyone until it is proven that they suck as people . i had a lot of guy ... i have a boxer named sasha . we got her when i was about six years old , and now i'm seventeen . we pretty much grew up together , and she is my best friend . she has such a hyper personality , and even at ... the links you have are just fine for a starter . are you riding with a squad ? if so , you can ask your crew members for tips on outfits and they'll give you a shirt , jacket , ect . if not , if you want to ... for social hobby i volunteer on my town's rescue squad and am an emt in training . it was hard at first because a lot of people involved in ems seem to be really extroverted and outgoing , and i was ... hey guys ! i'm still a bit new and do not have a full understanding of the personalities . i know what sensing / intuitive is but i can't really look at someone and be able to know which one they are ... i'm an infp and i took karate for about a year or two and loved it . sparring didn't bother me either because everyone is protected by gear so it isn't bad . it's great for anyone to know how to defend ... a simply visit to the buffet with my sister ( age 7 at the time ) , father and i ended up probably ruining the day of the employees and probably changed an entire policy of where the dirty plates are ... i use synaethesia in my poetry a lot . sometimes listening to music , especially passionate or sad music , makes my body feel very tight and stiff . sometimes i tingle from music that really hits me ... i am working on the same issue , not exactly like yours but the same issue of having no structure . just complete the grad applications and give yourself something to focus on , to add to your life . try ... spreading myself too thin . i don't know what realistic direction i want to take in my life , and i like too many things . i'm learning a million things at once but am afraid i will master none . when i ... whenever i tell people i'm going to start a savings account devoted to traveling , volunteering and study abroad , they all say it's a horrible idea / shouldn't do it / it will never happen . i'm going to ... i'm an infp and i keep track of upcoming events / things on my calender , and recently started a to-do list . i enjoy sports sometimes . i ask for criticism on anything i'm working on / pursuing . yup , you ... infp - piano , singing and just started the ukelele entj - guitar and singing i love listening to music in another languages ! i'm learning spanish so i'm actually hoping to know enough eventually where i can write songs in spanish . languages are awesome '