' yes ! i've thought the exact same thing . he's one of the few fictional infps i can actually stand . would i be out of line saying he's an infp with the enneagram type 5w4 ? i'm surprised by all the 4s in here . i imagined you would all be 5s . i'm a 5w4 btw . really ? i always saw him as a intj or something because of his extreme planning and internal monologues . so i'm an enneagram type 5w4 and i'd like to tell you about my experiences with the infp board . reading the threads on this board i'm starting to feel less and less infpish because of threads like ... i'm surprised more people didn't get intrapersonal . the dubliners without a doubt , closely followed by the pogues . sorry for intruding intjs but would one of you happened to know if garrett from the thief games is intj ? i'm thinking intj or istj . sadism used to make me sick , nowdays i don't really care . : frustrating : a wild guess , shane mcgowan : hello enfps , i just wanted to say thank you for coming to our forum . it makes us feel special and important , you guys are great . : mellow : don't beat yourself up my estp friend , while we infps might have an easier time detecting lies you possess the ability to actually do something about it . :p roud : i have an infj friend and i'd say we are both pretty adept at calling people bluffs and telling when they are hiding something / not being themselves . i think he's one step sharper at this than me but ... wow , there are so many 5w4s here , i'm one too . do you other 5w4s find it easy to detach from your emotions despite them playing the dominant part in your decision making ? i do this to a fault and ... alright so i did a couple of those enneagram tests and i always came up as type 5 . any thoughts on this ? : mellow : edit : also , my wing is 4 made me lol , on the inside ! : laughing : edit : on the flip side that you actually wanted some insight into the infp condition it's because my constant thinking / judging / denying etc is keeping me from ... thank you , that reasured me alot ! so how was your experience with this ? did you push your feelings aside because you shouldn't have them or did you just deny them ? also what's your take on ... yes ! it's another whiny , self-pitying post by an infp . suprise ! here's the beef , ever since i was 13 ( 21 now ) i've been having severe troubles with anxiety . this was also the time when i started ... on the test i think he had like 25 % f ( 0 % being the middle point between t and f ) and only 1 % j . my friend claims to be an infj ( tested as intj once ) but he acts like dr.house , is that normal for you guys ? where was i just that moment ago ? did i escape oblivions plateau ? is insanity sinking it's claws in me ? no ! stop thinking ! it cannot be . clear my head so i can see . .. . . . . . . . . i would almost argue that an entp would ace this test being extroverted and relying on their thoughts in stressful situations . i'm not sure how well they can read people but their n should come in ... phew ! i thought i was emotionally retarded . : tongue : what is your emotional iq ? there you go . so i just did a test measuring your emotional intelligence and on a scale from 55 - 155 i scored 57 . wtf i thought i was supposed to be good at this stuff . : mellow : what does this mean ? that i ... can i be awesome too ? : mellow : what i usually do is i get two extroverts together and then just introduce subjects that both of them find interesting and just listen until they've finished speaking about that subject and then do ... i believe most infps feel that way to some extent , torn in two . personally my thoughts tell me that über capitalism is right but i would never want to live in a world like that because i feel too ... weirdos are always drawn to me . : tongue : fanatics make unreliable friends . - thief seriousness is the last refuge of the shallow . oscar wilde i play the a banjo and the accordion . : mellow : a goddamned wizard tower ! claws of the gut restraining keeping myself from knowing my inner self unfound : bored : hear hear ! that was beautiful , you are an angel . edit : i've done as you suggested and gotten the book in a sound-book format . i've only listened to the first chapter so far but i'm finding it extremely ... on top of my head i'd say paris ? you can usually find me at home . :p roud : so exactly what are the rules for the i don't want to be depressed anymore game ? i don't have the heart to manipulate someone and i'm not even sure i could . i will , i'm ( anxious : happy :) to hear your thoughts on this . yes i was sorta hoping for a response like this . i think i've been suppressing my emotions for something like the past 8 years and now after finding out i'm infp i have tried getting in touch with ... i've begun meditating now to see if it will help me with the anxiety i feel . i sit down and try not to think and just let myself be for a while . my thoughts slip away rather easily but then i get to ... are you me from the future ? : mellow : at 13 an event took place that completely broke my pride and honor . thereafter and through the entirety of my teens i hated people i found pretentious ( i ... : frustrating : oh come on , everyone knows what i mean . yeah sorry , meant sissy . got any tips on accepting yourself as an infp ? because as i grew up i was raised by my parents who although wonderful and caring believed that emotional outbursts and sensitivity should be hidden , ... i've had that idea too but at risk of sounding like a 14year old girl it's just so haaard ! . ps : does anyone have any thoughts on that superhero thing ? : mellow : thanks people . on reflection i do believe i am a self hating infp masquerading as an intj even to myself . the anxiety i wrote of started about 8 years ago right about the time i started ... double posting and proud of it ! i had alot more to write but this anxiety in my mind is telling me i have to finish everything quickly . i guess what i'm really asking is ; how do i become a happy ... i recently did a personality test and found out that i'm an infp , i did a couple more tests and they all came back infp . the thing is i don't feel like an infp at all . therefore i would like to hear ... '