' or the adams family butler ... think his names lurch ? lol gonzo i think the main aspect of envy i . e . ' i wish i was just like ... ' the sort of thing that makes you feel sad or disappointed has lots of reasons as to why you shouldn't ' do ' or feel this way , this ... 6ft5 , manny maaan man yeah , i can safely say that weed has been an accomplice in the deterioration of 2 of my friends lives , although primarily social , i have seen the effects seep into other areas of their mental state ... wholemeal wrap with ham + spicy mayo + sweet chili sauce , only recommend if you are feeling as lazy as me .. that leaving the internet for awhile is rewarding , for me forgetting to do so is harder than the actual act of turning the computer off lol , then through the growth of boredom i behave more ... a self proclaimed genius ? what achievements have caused this opinion ? intj 5 male number 1 , we are defo too preoccupied with trivial bullshit then the apparent world problems dick slapping us in the face to make a change , i mean have you seen the new kanye west ... falling in love is perfectly fine , what i meant in my comment is not to fall in love with an altered personality of someone accommodating the needs of others by pretending to do or be something other ... lol i'm glad i stumbled upon this question , yes i wear a social mask , honestly i think that i have wore it for so long that it has become part of my everyday life and that it pops up almost unnoticed ... hey , what do you hate ? do what comes naturally ! be your seemingly distant intj self and don't fall in love or let someone fall in love with a consciously altered personality , it ain't good on the soul maaan :) of course i know people who are smarter than me , no one can be perfect in every aspect of intelligence , i think western culture holds too much emphasis on academic based intelligence and therefore ... loool how long it will take for the cut on the tip of my finger to heal so i can fully maximize nose picking efficiency . donquixote doflafuckingmingo the sandman - a short film - a messed up watch until you value yourself , you won't value your time . until you value your time , you will not do anything with it . ~ scott peck read some psychology type books man , you wish you were never born , ... independant yet insecure there is such a thing as too much mandy . do you even , yeet ? youtube ebaumsworld worldstarhiphop bbc sport  definately absent minded lol and slightly clumsy yes - many people on this earth should and need to die - i'm a cunt and you probably are too - you brought your kids up wrong - 99 % of humans are deluded , naive , ignorant and in many meanings of the ... i can somewhat relate to your problem , i too struggle to care about the things in my life and others too , i can see reasons and purposes for many things but cant find the motivation or feeling within ... - history is a nightmare which we have yet to awaken from . - if you are the smartest person in a room , you are in the wrong room . probably the true meanings behind my words and actions , i'm quite socially inept , soo i'm often misunderstood and underestimated [ quote = biracial ; 12846642 ] uhm , i've never been called incompetent - ever - that is entirely something else . [ / quote its not that people openly call me incompetent , i just feel that's along the ... yeah man i always go off into my head when people start babbling on , and just always end up replying with lots of ' yeah ' ' yep ' ' hmm ' ' ok ' ' cool ' normally because i am unable to conjure up anything ... yeah its interesting but annoying at the same time . different people build their perspective of others in all sorts of different ways , its only that a major / most contributing factor will be what ... throughout my life many people have considered me to be a stupid , ignorant incompetent person . of course this aura of stupidity that i unintentionally bring forth to the majority of my social ... fuck her right in the pussy ghandi realize that life is built upon an endless amount of factors and elements that contribute towards your happiness and success . there are more important things in life than academic acknowledgement and ... its not too bad , as with everything there are pro's and con's , of course it will all depend on who you live with ! just try to do your introverted shit in a manner that portrays you as a ... waguan dawgy my job is so fucking unbelievable . i'll try to sum it up by first telling you about the folks i work with : first , there is this supermodel wanna-be chick . yeah , okay , she is pretty hot , but damn ... green giant sweetcorn seeing someone slightly trip 208538 how the land of the free aka the usa , holds 25 % of the worlds prison population soaking from the fucking rain , and am now browsing random stuffs as my grandad wheels himself across the room lol hmm around my friends im often quite talkative and the one to say some random shit to make them laugh , i have 3 friends who i mainly hang out with , we dont really take stuff too seriously as they ... in what way ? i would agree that weed makes many people a little dopey after a while , but intelligence / stupidity is such a vast area of life based on endless factors , you don't just become one or the ... hmm no not really , it more depends on the person themselves , and as far as it making you stupid goes , thats bullshit finding that lil nug of bud you never knew you had :) listening to some mobb deeepepepe smoke weed ere day william wordsworth , simply because that's the name of my street . if you had to shoot yourself , what body part would you aim at ? '