' psychology is a science . you probably feel unfulfilled pursuing it as a course of study because psychology tends to be dumbed down significantly as a college major compared to say , physics . in high school , i always scored in the 99th percentile on everything except for spelling , which i typically scored below the 50th percentile in . on the act , i scored approximately evenly in ... a few bands i've been listening to lately : cobalt electric wizard napalm death jesu rotten sound nachtmystium converge hooded menace pig destroyer based on everything you've said , i would postulate that he does indeed like you and i doubt that he has any real problem with your personality because if he did , he would likely just ignore you as ... exactly . i was surprised at the number of submission , don't want to argue or compete , et cetera posts in this thread . i know plenty of guys who like women like that ( one of my best friends and my ... intelligence , femininity , altruism , sincerity , ambition , supportiveness , appreciativeness , loyalty ; in general a high moral character . and although this seems to disagree with what others have ... good idea , but my stodgy inner type - 1 won't allow me to do that . i picked my username before i had ever heard of that damn book . now i worry that people think i read trashy romance novels ( is it even a romance novel ? wikipedia calls it erotic fiction , so perhaps ... double-major here , chemical engineering and geophysics . i was going to suggest you get off the internet and go find one , but then i realized that you probably have a much greater chance of finding one on the internet obviously . feelings ? when you say that something you have a passion for is less practical , what you mean is that it is less employable . the choice essentially becomes major in something you have a passion for and ... if you're going to take a haters gonna hate type of attitude with people , you can't really complain when they well ... hate . i'm a fan of xnfjs , personally . i want to like xnfps ; i know intjs are supposed to like xnfps , but spending any prolonged period of time with one invariably causes me to begin pulling my hair out ... i prefer the nf forums because every time i see a thread i want to post in here , other intjs have already posted exactly what i was going to approximately ten times over . i spend enough time in ... probably spacing out in the grass like a normal infp . in the grass like a normal infp . like a normal infp . normal infp . normal infp ? anyway , you should probably listen to acid bath , ... i'll see your tosin abasi with some more tosin abasi . haha , i've met multiple xnfjs who believe in astrology . it doesn't really bother me though because most dom / aux fe types will freely admit that many of their beliefs aren't based in reason and ... if you guys can get the data , i'll do an error analysis on it . list them . perhaps your belief that you're good in bed is more a product of your four-type enneagram than reality ? but of course you're not going to get anyone coming into this thread to brag about how excruciatingly bad they are in bed , are you ? so you would never really know . really what it should be is all ... i enjoy quality time , physical touch , and words of affirmation , in that order . i have almost no appreciating for gifts or acts of service . i'd actually prefer never to receive gifts because i never ... stjs can be fun for awhile , at least until i get tired of talking about the weather for the nth day in a row . my experience with them is that they find me to be a bit eccentric and a huge asshole ... i took it again and got 28,500 . a swing of only about 35 % . this test seems to have excellent methodology . apparently i have a vocabulary of 21,100 words . the methodology is pretty standard , but i dislike it because it uses the types of words often encountered in fiction . i haven't read much fiction ... debating others on the internet . i was diagnosed with adhd as a child by a pretty reputable clinic . i haven't taken any medication for it in over six years . i don't really think i have it , at least not severely . it's possible it's ... i applied to mit , caltech , and stanford ; got into none , despite having test scores / gpa above their 50th percentile . whatever . i'm a sophomore university of minnesota now , which is a pretty good ... intp solution to every problem : define it out of existence . seems legit . nfs . / betyoudidn'tseethisonecoming i mean , honestly , i would have been surprised if someone didn't make that joke . it was far too easy . yeah , if i were you i'd have trouble seeing it too . me , on the other hand , i'm unbelievably sexy . ha . i think intjs fearing that they are boring is a product of us seeing everyone else as boring ; we assume that since people in general are boring , so must we be boring . even though i know i'm not ... well , it wasn't clear if you actually disagreed with him on the issues or were buying into the items on that list that were complete , nonfactual garbage , haha . would you care to explain why you ... uhhh , not really . he believes there's a right to free exercise of religion and that the state can make no endorsement of a specific religion ( he believes , however , that the government can make laws ... dark millennium wasn't so much my thing , probably too progressive for my tastes ; in all my time listening to metal , the only things i've ever enjoyed that could be described at all as progressive ... the problem with this is that ron paul will never agree to be romney's running mate , though it's not like i would vote for romney even if paul was his running mate . unless something huge happens , ... i'm already quite familiar with spawn of possession . in my eyes they've always come across as being technical to the detriment of their music . i feel the same way about bands like origin and brain ... where do you think the funding for police departments / fire departments / schools comes from ? hint : it's not the federal government . also , while ron paul would like to get rid of the federal income ... i'm actually quite good at small talk , likely because a couple of my interests--sports and politics--are topics most guys will be interested in talking about to some degree . i was starting to worry i was the only one who listened to metal on personality cafe . are you all into death metaltoo or just the lighter metal genres i've seen mostly being posted about in this ... have fun ? also , to the guy who wrote 10 characters : you can get around it by adding extra spaces between words / punctuation in your message . serves you right for purchasing apple products . this sounds like my mom : an isfp who suffers from clinical depression ( which she does take meds for ) . what i typically do is just remove myself from the situation ( i . e . walk out of the room ) and ... a generalization isn't absolute , it's merely a tool for thinking , like mbti itself . even the more critical comments from infps still seemed to find at least some redeemability in the ops actions , ... i enjoyed this thread . it's interesting to know that infps seemingly find this form of romantic expression , assuming it was done in a more well-thought-out and less self-depreciating manner , ... '