' of course : laughing : yea if you stick around i'm sure you'll get used to the forum posting and all that haha i consider myself outgoing , but i'm an introvert . i'm pretty sure of it . i got real good social skills , can make a friend easily , not embarassed by being the center of attention , large groups don't ... yea .. i'm really good at making someone feel horrible at their self even if it's just for a second , or making someone seem like the most disgusting thing on the earth . of course using fi like that is ... sup ? i completely get your random yet clever is funny genre . ( check my avatar it just screams that haha ) what type of art do you do ? yea i'll talk out loud to myself from time to time ... i was talking to my alarm clock and telling it to be quiet or my reflection in the mirror will hear it the world spins a little bit too fast sometimes tell her slow down sometimes ... dang ... broke up with my gf tonite ... i feel horrible beyond words just thinking what she must be feeling : sad : even though i know it was for the best ... i feel like i just murdered someone . this sucks science ... because as it gets more and more advanced it seems we answer more and more questions we thought were unanswerable . yea it's helped us improve as a species , ( and some would say even that is ... try a couple hours i just go with the flow ... i'm very free spirited and hope to find a way to make enough money to have just enough to have a decent home and enough food , and then just live my days like each day was ... who would i wanna go out and have fun with ... friends ... who do i know that will love me no matter what ... family ... more specifically my mom , grandma , other grandma , sister .. i can truly say i ... i think in situations where i'm really overwhelmed or really anxious i can seem like a real bad estj ... it's not really that i'm insecure with my personality it just comes out . i don't think there's ... they always used to tell me at school but i didn't believe them someone should change the title of this topic to retype izzie haha money , family problems , the future , are probably the 3 biggest ones ... but sometimes i'll get instantly overly stressed about the oddest things that most people wouldn't think twice and a half about . i was born december 30th also ... that's really interesting ... i think i'll give it a try i'm already doubting myself though lol i'm gonna do this as soon as i get some way to make a vid ... haha i think that has more to do with the fact that it's in the city . people in a large city act a lot different than people in a smaller town . try walking down the street in a city and saying hi to ... i'd say you're leaning more toward intp ... i always consider the people in any situation . not only would i think of friends arguing as stupid ( moreso pointless ) , but i'd feel bad for them even though ... 1 . keak da sneak 2 . tupac 3 . mac dre 4 . too short 5 . messy marv 6 . j . stalin all are local , it's hard for me to listen to rappers who aren't from my area since a lot of times it sounds really ... when i don't think about it my posture is normal i'd say .. i forget to keep my chin high from time to time when i start to go in my head . i played a lot of sports growing up so i think that's helped ... introverted feeling ( fi ) ( 47.6 ) extraverted intuiting ( ne ) ( 44.6 ) introverted intuiting ( ni ) ( 39.4 ) introverted thinking ( ti ) ( 30.5 ) extraverted feeling ( fe ) ( 27.1 ) extraverted thinking ( te ) ( 20.2 ) ... you're probably like me ... i'm an introvert , but i'm definitely not shy . i expel energy when i socialize ... and i feel most comfortable alone to regain my energy than having a conversation just for ... there wouldn't be as much fighting and wars , but when one happens , oh boy ... we'd never forgive each other . i'ma only do the ones i think i know enough about , a pro and con for each entp - never boring , a lot of good laughs , but can be hard headed istp - really good at solving physical problems , can be ... lol yea i get that a lot : happy : i'm only 17 , but worst to up to this point probably was when i was 14 ... still kinda cleaning up from that point , i'm sorta in a point right now where things can get really bad or really good , but i ... wow ... sometimes i'll just sit on the floor with my dog for minutes and minutes ... and just not even pet her just sit there with her and be alive . i'm the same way with people most times , i feel like if i were 100 % myself i'd scare people away with how intense i am about everything . i can see grey skies and choked souls ... unfilled bowls - - countless unloved minds thousands ... in borrowed clothes they line up , in rows broken - - - no tomorrow ... i'll sometimes have dreams like that ... but it's not too common for me . the last one i remembered someone i was very close to died and the way they died i realized couldn't be true and i figured this ... eh ... that's kinda like saying the majority of mindless assholes are estj ... ( which i don't believe at all , just saying ) i think if you're truly passionate about what you're learning than that's the reward in itself . a lot of people take college for granted these days since it seems expected of everyone , but really ... i'm no enfp but i'm pretty good friends with one and i don't think she's annoying at all ... i think she's the least annoying person i know actually ... more like the one of the most interesting . one ... i think the real question would be , what personality type should they make the first a . i . ' s be haha i kinda wana get spikes in my ears people tell me all the time i'd probably really rock them ... right now i got no type of piercing or tattoo or any other kind of body modification except for a few ... if i find them entertaining and they only do it because that's just them , then i don't mind ... but if it's unhealthy ways to get attention , like starting fights , creating drama , pulling really mean ... yea but then again a thinker can never feel what a feeler can feel , good or bad . he's a great director ... unbreakable is one of my faves . but a some of his movies seem to waste really great ideas ... the village , lady in the water , the happening all had a lot of potential i think ... my family keeps me going , without them i don't know where i'd be ... most likely dead or in jail . i usually will pretend to be looking at something else and occasionally look them in the eyes when i feel it's appropriate ... but i can't the whole conversation because i just feel i'm intruding on ... thanks to typology i feel 90 % less of a martian invading the planet on a secret mission . i like to make people happy so i guess i cover myself up with humor a lot of times , sometimes even a false arrogance it all depends on how i'm feeling at that moment though and how my relationships ... yea i'm just starting to realize it's gonna be next year already and i still haven't made any goals really yea but at the same time , in a split second , it can turn into the worst .. i swear i could hear this song playing as soon as i walked out my jobs door just got the can from my job today ... i don't know if i should be dancing around or pissed off i don't know much about infj's never talked with one in real life , but immediately you can tell the difference in how they use and direct their energies ... when the infp was talking then when the ... i'm real close to them in the sense i know the current family happenings and all that . most of my entire family ( aunts , uncles cousins nephews all that etc ) contact each other often that's just how ... '