this is how i pretty much saw it as well . his whole development seems to be a 9ish type of struggle . it starts especially when he gets influenced to betray his brother ( by them trying to tap in his ... bye sup enneagram is arousing . yea , i agree . i am aware . i was just just bringing possibly manifestations as you put it and wasn't directing my post at you specifically . i didn't necessarily suspect you would relate to my points ... this is a valuable post . i have some thoughts to add in general . if associating yourself with a type is causing you more harm / frustration than good , then one is probably better off distancing ... 6w5 every type comes with its issues , so i've never felt a particular desire to be one type over another . if i did , it would be for superficial reasons . for example , if i am to think of a ' ' favorite ' ' ... i've had trouble falling asleep since as far as i can remember because my mind just doesn't stop . unless i'm very tired , it takes on average about 2 hours in bed for me to fall asleep . i experience ... never touched drugs of any kind . i also don't drink alcohol . i also have never drank a cup of coffee in my life . even if i'm very tired , i still rather just deal with it . i even avoid medication ... yea . instincts are more about focus . a sp dom could feel they are bad at taking care of themselves and a sx dom could feel they are lacking in the charm department . see , you're already thinking in terms of challenges . you're on the right path to becoming an estp . channel that se mindset . that seems like the type of fun hobby a ne-dom would have , lol . also , if we go with theory , you supposedly can actually channel some inner estj-ness in a sense , because you share their functions ... the thanking thing was a joke if it wasn't clear , but i do admit i can never have too many thanks . are you undecided on your type by the way ? from the bit i saw from you on the forums , te dom ... you're welcome . i like sharing facts . that being said , i notice that you didn't actually digitally thank my post . could you remedy this situation if you don't mind ? every thank notification i get ... i did a quick search and apparently dolphins contain a very high level of mercury . anyone that eats dolphin is risking their lives and might die from it . this information might assuage your ... excess . so one can have submissive behaviors or attitudes without actually consciously feeling inferior or helpless . the 2 will usually not consider these things as a sign of weakness . if anything , they ... i type as 5 , because it seems the best fit , but i wish i could type as 9 because they are the most compatible with my introjections . but that would be ironically intellectually slothful of me . the ... nor being an ' ' intellectual ' ' ( as a social image ) or being very smart / analytical . i would even venture to say that you don't necessarily even have to be an ' ' intellectual ' ' to be a 5 ( especially ... i pace around at times when i'm thinking ' ' hard ' ' . i can do it pretty frantically too sometimes , to the point of almost running . other than that , nothing too particular other than just tuning out ... for real life , it ’ s hard to say cause it depends on way too many factors . not to mention enneagram doesn ’ t cover everything ( not even close ) when it comes to liking or disliking people . i don't ... i'm eagerly awaiting when you're waiting for your supper . 1 ) quality time is crucial to sustain the relationship in the long run . 2 ) physical touch is pretty important but can be used more or less depending how comfortable they are with it . 3 ) words ... change my username to verglas . thank you . in no particular order : music my so good food , especially if hungry control being engulfed by my imagination ( or the imagination of others ) sexual arousal relaxing after a lot of ... you three are so cute together . yea , it was a fairly ludicrous typing for my core . i over-emphasized certain aspects of me that only really exist when i'm in a relationship . i still see it as my probable heart fix however . oh right , i forgot to explicitly state : if anyone has any impressions on my type ( core , mbti , instincts , tritype , anything ) , feel free to share . i am very open to commentary . well , i've read some of your posts around before and they can be interesting . that's about it . i was joking in case it wasn't clear . i like you ; i won't be blocking you . i guess i can come off overly serious myself if i don't watch out . alright , i'll ignore you then . enjoy your new spot in my perc block list . i thanked your post and sent you a friend request on perc . hopefully that will alleviate your attention concerns for a brief while . of mana i rather have a non-answer then make something up . but like i said previously , i do concede that there is leeway here . practically speaking and including other factors , it ... of mana from an enneagram standpoint , without going into an argument about defining what is meant by an ‘ ’ easier ’ ’ childhood , what i meant is every type logic faces its own internal ... you are correct . i didn't mean to say otherwise . i don't even see it as a chore , it's just something i never felt compelled to do . restocking lightbulbs actually sounds useful on the other hand . what to be fair , it has always been hard to tell how high he is sometimes when i read his work . the j / p dichotomy in mbti is misleading because intj's are primarily dominant percievers ( introverted intuition is a perception function ) . inferior se , repressed by dominant ni , does indeed give a ... nothing better than a torrent of repressed rage to impose harmony . 9s have to use all the tools at their disposal for peace and love after all . it's more about how uncomfortably punny it is , ... of mana let me get this straight . you favor a 5 typing because : 1 ) you have a little bit more blue and a little bit less red in a 5 core belief description than another type's ... yea , i was simply going off on a related thought . this reply also makes me want to refine two more aspects underlying your point . for one , the type 5 will ' ' withdraw ' ' from the world whether they ... this is hard to gauge , but arousal isn't particularly rare . it simply tends to be ignored / discarded quickly , except sporadically ( maybe once or twice a month ) where i may ruminate on my thoughts a ... pretty much . furthermore , even if it were to be type related , any type might have been bullied ( or not ) in their childhood and have adapted to it using their respective defense mechanisms for ... swordsman of mana i am curious to know what your explicit argument for being a type 5 is . ti is about impersonal internal consistency . fi is about ethical internal consistency . that being said , ti cannot function strictly independently of fe , just like fi cannot function without te ... probably has to do with how a 9 ( although not only 9s of course ) could possibly commit ' ' evil ' ' acts just by going with the motions and not really introspecting on what they're doing . the emptiness ...