' let's see 1 ) god 2 ) piano 3 ) my band 4 ) singing 5 ) good books hello beautiful people , i hope your day has been going well , and that things have been going in your favor . i've been agonizing about something for weeks , and you guys have always helped me , so i ... you should confront them about why they are pissed off . see where they are coming from . and sincerely apologise about the whole thing . sincerely is the keyword my eyes read the words , but they still pass me by in a blur whenever my mind drifts away . i was at the gym today with a friend and her sister . it wasn't the most productive , but i came out with one ... all my life , i've tried to be myself un-apologetically . with my wild curly hair , and my heavy build , i am a large girl . recently , i met up with a friend that wanted me to fix him up with one of my ... on that note , let me contribute to canadafreak 86 , who from the comments on her profile , seems to be going through some stuff . but , i know she'll resolve because she's awesomely strong . in fact , ... jp ? wow , that was just beautiful , it was amazingly touching . suddenly someone gets the beauty of disney songs i sing beauty and the beast all the time . and , oh , thank you for listening to my recording ... ohh goddd this is the coolest thing that i would've never imagines . thank you so much : fall : funny enough , i don't know if you remeber this , but i think you were one of the the first people that i ... i fell into the trap , and gave all of myself to my best friend , and now she has a complete power on me . it's been so hard all these years trying to keep to myself with everyone when i so desperately ... dear intp best friend , i fell into the trap , and gave all of myself to you , and now you have a complete power on me . it's been so hard all these years trying to keep to myself with everyone when i ... oh , i see thanks for the input :) that description definitely hits home , not enough emotional connection with people . people are fickle unfortunately , in a moment of anger , they can toss you aside , read your messages and not reply , ... bookstore * adds to the list * and long lost hobbies i'll definitely try to dig deep , but i'll pull through with something hopefully . a common interest with the general public it's a good idea in ... it's not about being more extroverted . i marvel at extroverts in general , and wonder why they choose to live that way sometimes xd being constantly surrounded . it's about when i choose to be social ... oh travel , if only .. but thanks for suggesting it after a long period of hesitation , here i am . grab onto your ear plugs : laughing : vocaroo | voice message naahhh , you deserve it . * me preaching , when i run away from compliments too * : laughing : if they don't love it , they can shove it , frankly i don't care . - best song ever xd i liked your voice by the way :D you've been complimented a bunch of times , but i just gotta say : that was so adorable , you sound so cute ! ! wow , what an amazing experience , i'm very fascinated that you got to meet such incredible people , and that you helped make a change . that is an ultimate goal for me honestly . your advice i ideal , ... well , inside my head , i know a bunch , but outside , then ouch no : laughing : yes , same here forced social gatherings are always awkward , however i see some potential in the starbucks idea . i've actually been wanting to do it - sit and work in a starbucks - for the longest of ... oh , that's great ! nah , don't worry everyone hates planning for it . i bet your spontaneity will lead the way , and google is helpful , all hail to him , to just put aside a few places in mind :p roud : good ... cats ! that's an awesome idea . we'll get through , cause we're pretty awesome it defeintely helps to be heard by the beautiful people of our community :p roud : i know right ? we are the happiest when we can achieve this balance . it's hard to grasp though . generally speaking i'm 18 , i tried working but my co-workers were always very much older than me . i ... i already took it unfortunately , but it passed . we're in summer vacation now : laughing : i'm really sorry you can relate , i wouldn't wish what's going on with us on anyone . well , the gym was a good experience , but people mostly keep to themselves , and i have a hard time spontaneously ... hey beautiful people , how has it been ? going well , going great , not so good ( i'm sorry if that is the case ) ( sorry again , i tend to postpone talking about topics concerning me , but here i go . ) so , ... using rejection as a learning tool , huh . how would that go for example ? and yes , i tend to close the book once i've tried a couple of times because disappointment somewhat weights me down ... umm , well if by entertain you mean responding to idle conversation or not , i'd never shun people away . but if you mean entertaining the ideas and believing in them again , it's not likely . no one ... i appreciate how you can see what the strong points of people are , and keep reminding them of it . it's really sweet hey guys , so i met this guy in the college i was applying to , we related to a couple of thing , so we became friends . it got pretty mundane because we were mostly talking through texts and i am more ... and yeah , we're pretty odd * sighs happily * : laughing : you know i was seriously considering it : laughing : whenever something bad happens to someone else , i always want them to get better or if i can relate , i offer them an hour long session or something of positive affirmations and it all gets better , ... good luck , it will get better some day . you just have to hold on , continue being who you are , and protect yourself from those who don't understand . and gradually it will all change . :p roud : sometimes during this process , we force ourselves to do things to get better , which is never a good idea . savor your un-attachment right now and enjoy it . in due time , you'll wake up to find that you ... first of all , you shouldn't , i repeat , you shouldn't feel guilty about it . sometimes , we infps in particular crave human contact , and wanting to feel cared for . it's like having a void that you ... hello beautiful creatures , my story begins upon meeting an esfj a little while ago , we became good friends , albeit with little to no chemistry . however , i did notice him paying close attention to ... hey welcome to perc , you'll love it here , everyone is open-minded and we have a lot of fun talking about everything , from random to serious , feel free to chat if you have any questions or want some ... here's why we never choose to have hope over hints infps , at least me , have a lot of pride and fear . fear of rejection , and breaking out pride for even a second . rejection usually sends us into an ... i always thought that was it , that was how my position in life , and i just had to adapt to my situation . conquer my sadness and try to have control . i realized that something was not right when i ... thanks a lot , i'll try to do that :) i feel hurt . my heart is pressing into my flesh like a stone . i wish someone would hold me and mean it , not just do it because they want me to stop frowning because i'm ruining their mood . hi guys , i wasn't really sure what i was aiming for when i entered this thread , i was just looking to help , but i just had a really bad day , and i teared up at the subway , on my home from work . i ... i last watched the 2017 beauty and the beast in the cinema last week . it was nice , doesn't match up to the original though : laughing : this is beautiful thirdarcade thank you for sharing this with us . i love a sappy romance so much , and i wish you both all the happiness in the world : happy : live in a bubble ? like trapped inside it , or so different the world decided to rap us up in a ball and seclude in the hope of us not changing the world they know : laughing : '