' i can say that enfps are good friends , but this combo didn't work out as a romantic relationship in my case . i prefer to date the thinking types . i don't get the idea of dating somebody with high ... i think that you don't want to be friends with this intj any more , but trying to fix things because you know each other for 4 years . when somebody is so irritating you can't stand his presence it's ... most of people when self typing have a problem with the choice of the right functions . coming from this type somebody and be 100 % sure according to they behaviour is practically impossible . my answer will be no different than others - keep learning . retire from a job isn't equal with retire from thinking . i like doing some things in specific way which is important to me , from someone's perspective it may be seen as traditional . but it's more personal tradition not the common currency . i'm not ... your description of this person doesn't reveal they thinking process , only some facts about interests . he surely is an introvert and thinker . it's better to read about the cognitive functions and ... exactly my thoughts . i'm quite sure she doesn't treat you as a burden . when i don't like being with someone i just stop seeing them . from your post i can see that your friend really likes your company . intj , even ... same here . i think when you did something stupid you should be aware of the consequences . i also hate when people read / watch sad news and start whining or even crying because of it . what's worse when ... i can see a lot of fi in those answers . there is ni : i would say that you are an intj . when you describe your thinking process , the way you act and your way of communicating with ... i used to think just like you when i was younger . all my friends were in relationships and had boyfriends but no me . boys were attracted to me but i have never taken anyone seriously because they ... and just one thought about this being too nice situation . i sometimes can act like that when i don't know what to do . when someone who is close to me is having a problem i'm not able to comfort ... maybe it's not an advice you want to hear but just say the intj everything you wrote . if my best friend would said to me something like that i would be happy because we could just come back to our ... in time ( 7:10 ) is mind-blowing . when somebody annoys me i try to avoid them as much as possible . fortunately most celebrities aren't so close to me . no , thank you . but this isn't equal with being more intelligent . wysłane z mojego lg-p 760 przy użyciu tapatalka i think it depends on a specific person . my best friend is an enfp . we have known each other for 20 years . she is a bit scatterbrained and procrastinates a lot but surely isn't as lazy as your ex ... i generally don't like yelling , shouting and loud noises because as i said they make me feel uneasy and nervous . when i'm talking to someone i usually speak slowly and prefer when the counterpart ... i know one entp and he is very passionate during the debates . he can be extremely loud and expressive when talking , but he is always very logical with his reasoning . maybe your friend is mixing your ... all my boyfriends were thinking types , one of them was surely an entp . now i'm dating an entj - this is an interesting relation . te is all about usefulness , it concentrates on how your ideas will work out in the outer world . ti asks will it work ? ni / te don't like the details , ni wants the big picture and underlying patterns , ... no problem . good luck with your research . sometimes ni / te combination can appear as a strong ti . for the low se as long as intjs use it as their inferior function it's not very visible in their daily actions and can cause problems . they ... infp / infj . tmlt fail the driving license exam . wysłane z mojego lg-p 760 przy użyciu tapatalka estj . tmlt mirror others emotions . wysłane z mojego lg-p 760 przy użyciu tapatalka enfp . wysłane z mojego lg-p 760 przy użyciu tapatalka if you are 100 % sure that becoming a physician is your overall goal then you should keep trying . everyone makes mistakes . you have to learn your lesson , correct the flaws and go on . that's my way of ... the difference lies in the way of processing the information . infps are fi dominant so it obvious that they value their feelings and personal believes more . they interpret the information according ... i got the executive . nevertheless i don't live in a country which uses $ as it's currency so those questions were a bit problematic for me to answer . ni concentrates on a specific vision and does everything to accomplish the goal in a particular way . ni user chooses the best way to solve the problem and accumulate all efforts to do it in that ... entp . type most likely to get lost in the forest . it depends on the situation . if the matter is really important to me it's better to personally meet the counterpart . when it's something average it's better to email - it's faster and easier ... infjs as well as intjs use ni as their dominant function not ne . second that . your statement is really close to my own opinion about relationships . i dated a few guys , but it wasn't nothing special or important to me . i have never considered to be with somebody ... when somebody doesn't smile all the time , processes emotions internally and thinks before speaking that isn't equal with having no feelings . everyone has feelings , positive or negative . moreover you ... infp . infp . intj . i have tested as an istj twice . i think that's because i'm practical person , i care about money and i'm a bit pragmatic . that's why i answered questions about social status and general income thing ... entp . enfx . infp . infp . intj . japanese and political science . in my view ni is connected with the way how you understand and interpret a piece of art . not simply distinction between enjoying art or not . but surely you are right about connecting ni with ... speaking of se influence on my daily activities . i'm often lost and my orientation is really bad . i always use google map to get to the new place . when i'm surrounded by people who i'm ... are you all really how they say ? stereotypes are based on extremely exaggerated facts which usually concern something you can call „ majority ” . every rule has an exception - the same is with the ... practical jokes are fine until they don't interrupt someone's personal space or humiliate others . i think word puns and sarcasm are better alternative . i often dream about the future . it's usually something related with post-nuclear war things . when i wake up i'm a bit nervous but also excited about what i have dreamt . it's pretty weird i guess ... '