' the one time i didn't backtrack and this happens . thanks . how about another good / bad design video ? flag designs ... ugh ... dudeguy not for you though . i think your design meets the criteria . = o i sometimes feel like intps are the physical embodiment of the scientific method : ... this . find an interest and the people will follow . why ? because you're not actually interested in people . you're interested in ideas . well , specifically , the sharing of ideas . have lot's of ideas but ... intpoetry sorry . i didn't mean to intentionally tag you . : tongue : and nice advice / feedback by the way . the editing dilemma was something i've learned with time . it always did continuously ... miss anne thrope i urge you to share your deep dark and dirty musings on the inexplicability of life ! ialti * raises hand for all . * well , not yet for networking . i don't really get what it ... starvingautist nihilist tendencies ? i feel you . to all the others here : i'm sure many of you have things like these on the recesses of your ... then would the answer not depend on the definition then ? : laughing : but seriously though , what you just said about free will and determinism made me think of something ... assuming that actions ... adventure time ? though it is targeted for kids , it's actually not a kid's show at the same time . other than the complex character development and background , i just noticed recently that there are ... i'd like to vouch for the solution of writing things down . i have to say that it can be a great help . i just started it recently and every time that my mind goes into overdrive , i try to type at ... ah yes ... pig tails . someone did it already . many said it was adorable and cute on me . no comment . i then jokingly said that a dress was the only thing missing . one of them seriously offered ... intonyp in between hair length does indeed suck and hot weather is indeed really a killer for the goal of growing your hair . having drastically reduced your options for hiding your hair with ... * thought of c'mon . we don't feel , we think . : laughing : but seriously though , it has happened many times . and as on how you've phrase it , is usually just up to that , it only stays as ... actually , just do it when you get a chance . if it works , it works . if you fucked up , you fucked up . in any case , you get to gain new experiences and you will learn what to do and what not to do next ... pro-choice also . i pretty much have the same stance as lonewaer . the way i look at it is i'd rather let a child die before birth rather than let this being go out into this world knowing that he may ... atheistgod , confronting ' the man ™ ' usually does indeed pay off . do what was said by letsrunlikecrazy . these people are usually open to things you say as long you're smart about it while not being a ... can you elaborate more what you mean by ' wishing of goodwill ' ? because with your example , you seem to be implying that the object of ' appreciation ' is the workout routine and the trainer because ... i am indeed conflating ' love ' with ' a relationship ' . wasn't that the context of the discussion ? i do still somewhat agree with your points , however , aren't you now conflating ' love ' with ... ^ this . inmediasres he's probably really taken you for granted . you put up with him for 3 years ? uhm ... congratulations ? don't know what to say ... but do try to leave him alone and give him some ... meet the robin hood of science | big think i don't remember where i found the link above but i remember noting it down for future viewing . but as of right now , i just finished reading it and i ... as many have said , your dad is likely to be lonely . probably distracting himself to avoid confronting the feels ? and as something to note : he'll continue to act like that until he gets it out of his ... ^ this . look at images below for reference : pc building : 5 year olds : ... hmm ... valid points . what you've said seems to have flown over my head . but then again , what if the business succeeds ? that'll be a huge plus for the relationship , no ? however , i think it would ... sangam swadik do you really have that much faith in this ' logic ' you speak of ? how about ask yourself this : is logic really stable and really set in stone ? if yes , what is the foundation of logic ... juggernaut if you're on a budget , custom builds are probably the way to go . if you are not confident in building one your own , from what i know , some shops can provide the parts and build it for ... it seems i'm not far off then ? oh , and i'm curious on how you and your ex bfs got started ... would you mind telling us about it ? ( if your okay with it of course . ) it is just that i'm currently very ... wait ... is that reverse sarcasm ? i can't follow now ... but as for the op , if you really don't feel like answering the question properly , being sarcastic should help . =D ah , but do you also point to some random guy standing around then proceed to tell the person that you are actually currently under strict monitoring ? bonus points if you can show an ankle monitor . this is something that i can relate with . but to put it in another perspective , speaking from my own experience now , we do of course actually initiate relationships . however , we don't just usually ... i'm legally not allowed to tell you . and no , i'm not being sarcastic . how would you go about this ' not caring ' ? to be blunt about it , what about your sexual desire then ? how do you deal with it ? or is it really non-existent ? no attraction to anyone at all ? because if ... people pleaser - do you mean people in general ? well , screw them . to people that matter ? somewhat and people don't just get to matter . self-deprecating - perception that if something goes ... just follow any recipe and then add changes to taste ? oh ! and also , i don't know if it was posted already but i would like to suggest to try checking the food lab : better home cooking through ... physical labor is becoming obsolete . mental labor is the new thing . it is the future . : crazy : there is probably someone going at it now ? but for how close , here : and that is why i try to stick to being in intp listener / admirer mode as much as possible . nevertheless , i can't disagree with what was said in the link . and also , probably not rank-ordered . i think ... you did not actually misunderstood because you pretty much hit the nail on the head . =) so to elaborate : 1 ) technically , it is really still an attempt at getting their t function to work by ... that's what i've been trying to say you silly . =D i think the proper word / phrase which i just noticed now in another reply is it is basically playing devil's advocate . i also always enjoy doing that ... i probably have an istj dad ( wrote about it at a length here . oh ! hello geonerd =D ) i completely relate to everything with what you've said . especially the small big issue that we have about how ... well , it will indeed be probably less effective . however , i would just like to ask : what else will be effective when a fi-pumped intj is concerned ? based on my experience , you'd have to choose ... i've watched the video a long time ago but i wasn't really aware of the channel . new favorite channel . =D looking through the videos , this one cracked me up : ... it may just be semantics but i prefer discussing over debating . it is just that i find debating as something along the lines of i'm right , you're wrong . i'm smarter than you ! kind of stuff ... wait ... i'd like to clarify the point about agreeing with him . because rereading it now , it does seem manipulative . what i wanted to say was uhm .. how about i play out a scenario : ... hmm ... instant connection vs developing it over time ... this makes me think ... how about this : for developing relationships over time , other than the positive aspects of the relationship , you'll ... i complete agree with this . however , as an addition to arguing with intjs , i'd suggest trying to avoid contradicting them bluntly because this usually heat things up very quickly . this can usually ... do you believe in soulmate-like connections ? so something like a connection where you resonate very well ? having deep connections ? being on the same wavelength ? having the same vibes ? compatible ... i'm currently away from my parent's home for my first job training at a faraway company . a new prospect and a new experience . however , i just realized that living alone with no familiar places and ... redpandas i just recently noticed this one . try also checking out the artist's other work , it seems like something that will be enjoyed . =D i know what you mean about acquaintances trying to kick it up a notch and trying to level up . however , i would like to suggest that you just give them a chance when they do that . stop overthinking , ... interesting ... if this this is true and any entjs are interested , below is a possible plan of action for you . : crazy : 1 . be non-catholic . 2 . enter catholic seminary . 3 . become priest . 4 ... '