haha i think this is it im a estp :) se ti fe ni i told a member of my family to read the description of estp and they found it mostly true except that long conversation and deep doesnt bother me ok thank you yes i think it but i think i'm not the stereotype maybe does add have a impact on type ? ahh ok thank you i should have think of that it may not be the most selfish but they are more evident i had a crush on a girl and when she was depressed i used to talk to her and empathize / sympathize with her but i was in need she was ... maybe it has been said but any way the types that may seem more selfish are the fi to me it may be just an opinion but more introverted fi like isfp or infp no if you know for sure that i use se ... ni type and not ne ... si then it is estp because i'm pretty sure that i use ti fe it was only the first and the fourth that ... daily life like driving is not daily life ? i have a car you know not a camel hahaha explain what do you mean (: but can that be only my memory ? also my i dont know if it is si or ni but when i taste , smell , touch , hear not see i naturally make a link with the smell and the place but it's not always clear i know that i smelled ... yes but se is uncanny because i have add i may be daydreaming sometime also my sense of direction is not so great i am great with going reverse with trailer i can understand that you can feel impatient about this thread i will understand if you give up since you are the only here and even my best friend can't tell but he doesn't knowledge about mbti ... i dont remember i think i was just scrolling through haha hahahaa in depends on what subjects hahaha he said after discusting with him he said you a bit of everything hahah are you running short in solution ahah euh wait a second i dont usually talk with about this with my friends the third is entp too the second gives me entp e 55 % n 10 % t 15 % p 80 % like this question forgiveness is more important than retribution of course retribution is unhealthy i know this for a fact but they will probably make the point fe so i end up with 70 % ... the first test is not good it says that im esfj or enfj and im not plus the question were so hard to understand i had to use google traduction ahha every question and im not a dumbass with the ... extroverted intuition 54 % crystal ball introverted intuition 50 % soccer ball yeah i think so but then i like to see what is hidden i thought the the fourth function is what slows you down in life but it's not , for me , not in every way , in fact it helps me to be more ... well the moment you find out you reply to a post that is two years old : bored : hahah you must be quite desperate visiting threads and insulting people and hoping they insult you back hahah your funny though (: and also i always saw the estp to be like a dumb person who is not able to see anything more than what is physical and stereotype of total a jerk like the guy from back to the future you know ... cool so so se and ti helps understand the mind and behaviors and to know why and why and fe makes the user able to react to it with social approbation from feelers and thinking that's ingenious ... i think i'll make a new thread about the 24th and see if there is anyone like me soon (: ah yeah well thank you i always thought that i was more n than s but i think i wrote everything that i could about me and you can make a conclusion out of it that is estp i really thank ... maybe i'm entp with good ni ? or estp with really bad si can it be ? yes ok that be the 1w6 then you are right but i am clearly between estp and entp i think i will never know which i am really even in the enneagram i can't be certain i'm 7 because when i ... and why 7w6 i just reread about the 6th and it says like they envisage the worst scenario possible but i dont know much about enneagram so it must be since its after the 7w that may be because ... it's wierd because i have a hard time with si but sometimes with ni both can fit my personnality if you consider them being the fourth function like i dislike being to much on the detail like paper ... well thank you for you time pifanjr (: can you explain why ? how do you see it seriously hahha well thank you i think the best think to say / give to enfp is to acknowledge their personnality their ne / fi makes them very unique so giving a gift that can point out their originality and their personnality ... just look at my face just look at my face to know mine * and also if you have any knowledge in enneagram it could be nice to mine (: ok facts for me can be really fun like body facts : 52 facts about your body âx86x90factslidesâx86x92 facts for they are like quick ways to learn something cool like did you know that neutron stars ... first of all i'd like to thank you i did'nt expect you would put so much time with me ok i'll anwser your quiz (: the ones that i'm almost 100 % i'm not are sj because they seek security but then maybe i'm wrong yes of xxtp would be more accurate i think sifan well you could be right but i thought those were like the less playful especially the intj i'll go read about it i also say even if i adapt well i seem more introvert than pure extravert like even if i like to be center of attention and say speech and more extravert than introverts