' why tell , when i can show ... ratchan's psn profile - psnprofiles.com native english speaker . i can get by with maori and new zealand sign language as those are official languages here . the only other language i speak is japanese . i am rusty with that as i hardly ... i see this is meant to incite a response to making intj's like you . if you want me , i require $ 4000 a week in my bank account for a year . after that , i might be slightly interested . i forget names easy unless i have to constantly use it . i've even forgotten friends sometimes if i have not been around them for at least 3 or 4 months . that might be me though . watching people go to delete a file off linux via the terminal command but types out rm - r . i've lost count at the amount of reinstalls after that . i listen to instrumental music more than anything . i love video game soundtracks such as the final fantasy ones . final fantasy xiv has 3 or 4 out now that span right from 1.0 up to where the game ... maybe that's why i am more relaxed and love using linux . sure it is the ubuntu distribution but i do most of what i do in terminal mode and write java code in it . apparently , in spring there is a thing called twitterpating . sounds awful . :p 84157 i suggest you show the cat who's the boss . do not cave in and do something else . put some earbuds in and not focus on the cat . eventually it will calm down . what makes me laugh is when someone from a different mbti on this forum posts in the wrong thread . 83989 83984 tasted like chicken ? 83983 that's what i think of that . 83919 just in case anyone has forgotten . kingdom hearts final mix 83492 and that is from a group overseas : 3 listening to some hp lovecraft . just getting chills and possibly losing san points as we speak . in that order : 3 i suggest you watch orange is the new black then . it's a great show . : 3 i took that test and got 110 . i , myself , don't understand iq tests as they only test for one type of intelligence . there is eq tests around that test all round intelligence . i see those as better ... those are rather simplistic pleasures but that is what it should be . nothing overly complicated or stupid . i too sleeping well but then again , my body's alarm clock never seems to let me sleep past ... i'm quite bad at speaking my thoughts as my mouth cannot work as fast as my mind . that , and there is some things that i will think and not want to say . i had a similar sort of thing happen to me . i was doing door to door sales for energy companies in melbourne , australia . it was all commission based and if you didn't get the sales , you didn't get ... i ' lost ' it years ago and was left to deal with reality . it comes back only usually when needed . damn writing a fantasy novel and the imagination is not there . might have lost some motivation on ... one day you will . on another note , it's not being pissed off but more perplexed at how people find sharknado funny . it's a horrible and terrible movie . i couldn't even watch 10 seconds of it ... the egyptians / mayans left clues | planet infowars welcome to perc . have fun here as much as you can : kitteh : youtube , i can deal with as i only watch the videos and not read comments . as for facebook , i shall now implement a 1 strike , you're out rule . anything stupid and then they are off the friends ... fucking sf's making r . i . p facebook pages for people who die . seriously , someone commits suicide and the only way anyone knows what happened is facebook ? oh , and all the they are in heaven now . if ... after watching one youtube clip that was shown on here last night , i applied for a psychic job for a laugh . i got a response back saying that i am an excellent communicator . however , she is ... you mean the back to earth episodes ? given how long it has been , it is not as great as it once was but it is still somewhat funny . watched an episode of red dwarf series x . ah , smeg . placed this post in the wrong thread . : kitteh : that has now made me want to apply for that psychic job i saw online . the one that asked for genuine ( sic ) psychics only . i would laugh my arse off if i managed to get it and bullshit my way ... why is it that this option is the only one that will work ? the prison system is getting overcrowded and we have far too many homeless . i want someone to go through with this idea . watched the making of the hobbit , trailer 6 . that severe weather warning was no joke . the nelson area had so many landslides , river floodings and traffic problems that life was difficult . i loved ... well , melbourne was voted most livable city in the world . i live here too and i can say , despite not having found work at the moment , i love it here also . damn public transport being so convenient ... i do not know whether this is brilliant or just a way to gain more tourism for new zealand . either way , i like it the cameos from a few well known kiwi ... assassin's creed 3 comes out tonight with a midnight release . not too sure if i want to head to the city to pick it up as i would have to get there before everyone else . i do not want to miss my ... i break the mold by not being very tidy . i would not say everything is not organised , my room can get very messy . as for correct grammar , i can look over it if it was a friend . if it was an ... it does seem that you do know what you want but you are not looking in the right places . perhaps , keep an open mind about things . that might be what god is wanting . like i did say , i am not ... if he stands up , i will shoot him . rap music these days are shit . i remember that days when rap was good and had meaning to it . then you work out roughly how many people are in your town , half that for males . follow that up by a rough guess on the percentage of guys in your age range and finally work out from that how many ... not many christian guys in new zealand . i am not in nz either . what is this soul ? besides , everything around me is built to be logical . this soul is a term that does not register in my world . '