' i've been majorly depressed lately and i've found that i feel a lot better , more relaxed , and even energized when i give in to feelings of arrogance and say overly harsh things to people i disagree ... probably the greatest setback to the evolution of human potential since the dark ages . the problem is reading people through a lens . for instance , if i have an insecurity about a zit or something , i could read into people's glances or attitudes as relating to that . so external and ... i disagree with pretty much everything you wrote about your own views , so i'll use this as an example of what i do when people disagree with my view on the world . i'll roll my eyes , click the back ... pretty much what lone said . being ignorant is simply lacking a certain set of knowledge . being stupid is the inability to absorb or comprehend knowledge . however , neither is a choice . choice comes ... my mother is the polar opposite of me in every way , and yet i trust her above everyone and we get along great . she's also insanely good at getting things done , things i'd convince myself are ... i lived with a bully . my older brother was a sociopathic nightmare who decided to take all his life's issues out on me . he's the single most significant influence on my entire life , for better or ... people will be telling you to do something because they told you so for the rest of your life . it's up to you to decide which orders are valid , which are tolerable , and which are to be actively ... the butterfly effect then that would be the truth , and would make its own sense . mission accomplished . just because the truth doesn't turn out to be what we might think it is doesn't mean that it's somehow not the truth ... i'd rather be doing than watching , never really found the appeal in watching . i went to baseball games a lot as a kid , but the fun there was hot dogs and spending time with my father . i don't drink because it gives me a headache . i don't smoke because i'm a hypochondriac . i drown my sorrows in iced tea and candy corn . judging from the title , i thought the post was going to read iv discovered my shift key was stolen it's societal conditioning , same as the vast majority of what's considered normal and abnormal . same reason one culture loves certain foods and finds others disgusting , while another has the opposite ... maybe 2,000 bucks a month or so net . and interesting thread . don't do what johnny does : pitfalls on the road to success i'll try to keep this short and sweet . i wasted my 20 ' s drifting and avoiding life . this was before i became more self aware and confident , took the mbti , all that . i'm 31 and decided to go back ... yes , yes i would , especially if it meant missing two months of winter in my state . most of what i do for work and relaxation involves sitting anyway . 1 . realize that the rejection is a sign of incompatibility and move on , keeping an eye open to try with someone else who might show compatibility . you know what's far worse than realizing a square ... demanding that someone be tactful is like demanding they be politically correct or sensitive . they're all methods for liars and deceivers to guilt people into backing away from the truth for ... judging from these lists , no one wants to be with another human . that's a huge leap of faith to give people as a whole . have you met people ? wise is certainly not a word i'd attribute to the vast majority . i'd be surprised if 1 out of 10 even gave the human ... forgetting to wash a crock pot results in fun , interesting , but costly science experiments . there are times when the gloominess and hopelessness recedes , usually with the aid of distraction or alcohol , but it's fleeting . so , no . i also don't trust happy people . being a happy person ... i traveled a lot as a kid and young adult because my parents are the wanderlust types . been to a dozen countries , seen a lot . i love experiences that are away from people , away from cities , away from ... bedskirts . they hide whatever's under the bed . i don't know what's under there , but i'm sure it's waiting for me to come close so it can grab me . don't get married to that first woman , move out of new jersey as fast as you can , and pick a damn major in college . of course , my thirteen year old self wouldn't listen because he's a damn know it ... felt lost in the world , wanted a place that felt focused with likeminded people and other intps . eventually discovered that this forum is just like any other community and the world at large , which ... can't think of anywhere . i've seen enough of the world to know it's not worth it . no sense spending tons of money , risking life and limb , dodging corrupt governments and having to deal with crappy ... the free world . we'd make less emotional judges , which equates to better judges , yes . the most dangerous person in any given situation is powerful and emotional . when i was a little kid , i'd heard the word schedule said plenty of times , but never seen it in print . first time i saw it was in a calvin and hobbes strip , but i didn't put the two together . i ... i clicked on this thread specifically to state the third act misunderstanding . thank you for jumping right on that one . i don't say awful or rude things to strangers . first , you never know how crazy they are . second , it's tactically unsound to reveal one's opinion when it has no chance of leading to a tangible ... the path society is going , the imprisonment and murder of people who don't fit into progressive society will be acceptable in the near future . people are already wholly conditioned to blindly ... - if an intp is still willingly around you , then he likes you . this might vary for different intps , but we generally are not so emotionally needy that we'll stay in a relationship to fill that void ... what about that community organizer with zero high level political experience and just a bunch of empty words ? crazy . oh wait , he already got elected . twice . point being , the best candidate ... due to the human condition , there can never exist an uncorrupted collective , or perfectly good individuals . all i know is collectives are responsible for genocides , war , and most every large scale ... thank you for your responses . i needed to get this off my chest and it's good to see there are those who understand . you can know if you're elitist by whether you care or not when others call you elitist . curious to know if anyone else has experience with this . i'm an angry person . i hate a lot . i hate people , i hate their weakness and stupidity , i hate their blind lack of self awareness , i hate ... when will you have bumper stickers for purchase ? a sock puppet is by far the best presidential candidate i've seen since i can remember . my best attempt to put it into words ... i was kind of a nerdy kid like i imagine many intps were , and this was back before nerds were cool . i went to a school 40 minutes from my house , so i ... not sure if it's an intp thought , but it's an interesting realization i just had . i realized today that fictional plots involving major disasters , attacks , apocalyptic levels of death , all ... a deserted island with no one for thousands of miles and all the food and sustenance i'd need magically growing there . but , realistically , i absolutely love arizona , specifically phoenix ... just use an escort service . save time , money ( depending on how many drinks you end up having to buy ) , avoid the ridiculous social drama , and decently high protection against false rape claims . good luck finding any way to tactfully criticize anyone in this day and age and getting them to be receptive to it . remember , everyone gets a trophy , stupid and flat out wrong ideas are valid , and ... i like s types . they talk to the other s types so i don't have to . if there's one harsh lesson that's defined most of my life , it's that comparing yourself to others is a losing battle and an endless war . when i was desperately trying to become a published author , i ... too many variables to know for sure . depends most of all on the competency of the kidnapper and how easily he can be manipulated . '