' 251626 one of the best scene's in history of tv 10579410580 2105810 does our personality traits make us look drunk / high / intoxicated to other people , especially strangers .. i get this vibe from many people ... i think my enthusiasm is sometimes too high for most ... 88955 85561 carpe diem ... 82602 i'm a buddhist ... so i think i'm a combination of all : crazy : ... anybody who has crazy ideas and is detached from the worldly things in some way ... who doesn't ? ! well on some test they did give me entp or esfp ... but on the majority i score enfp ... type 7 with an 8 wing : the realist i'm the most don't give a fuck attitude out there .. don't care of social norms because they are all fucked up and i preach a lot of things but not always do i ... hope it helps : 72434 a dragon egg that gave birth to a mutant bear like chicken with twin laser cannons on her wings .. suddenly a midget came out of a hole from the ground and screamed he liked vanilla ice scream ... well i'm 24 and people say i look like i have 18 ... plus yeah i have the classic handsome look .. high cheekbones , defined jawline , green-blue eyes ... spot on ! ! !  69951 for example sometimes when i discuss serious matters with our friends i come up with some extreme opinions sometimes cruel , to far stretched or plain crazy but for me i tell them in a light ...  i have an best friend isfp and he is such a big baby ... last week we had an friendly argument and out of the blue he get's upset and leaves ... not leaving a sign for 5 days now even if before the ... ! 00 % me . i know that i wanted to say mahomed ... anyway even the god's of different cultures have a personality much or less :) ... something like what type is jesus , buddha , allah or other more lesser known representatives ? i felt in love with a girl in 2 hours so yeah we fall in love kinda fast ... but at least for me it's kinda of hot and cold ... i suggest to go with the flow .. what do you have to lose ... are we twins :) ) ? ! i'm very aware of my flaws i try to keep them at a minimum but sometimes i slip up but i forgive myself because i know nobody is perfect and i'm just a human ... don't we come from there ? ! take them or make them see this movie : well basically what you say is something like vipassana meditation and being zen ... works for me ... tell that to the children starving in africa : sad : ... anyway i kinda agree with what you said about those rules ( i have a deja vu of the secret movie about them ) ... the majority of people are born ... i'm a big flirt ... but when things go to far ( as committing ) i go numb and leave things there to just a flirt or be friend for most of the time even if sometimes i want to be in a relationship .. is just ...   exercise man with this type of songs :D : i'm an aquarius way ahead of his time ...  exactly ! ! ! all of the above plus the bold ones ... basically i think i can be almost all kinds of drunk personas ... but lately i try to cut out the alcohol because of my new spiritual evolution to say so ... depends on my mood and the topic ... in general in writing because of the many ideas that i can think of in the last minute ... but there are times when i leave my audience amazed when we talk about ... does hands count : crazy : ? ... joking : laughing : ... '