' only from family now really , the occasional one from friends maybe very much so ; anyway i sent a message a few days after she was supposed to turn up and i got a reply of oh bugger , i am a really horrible person , i completely forgot ! and then something about ... yeah i know i have no idea . i'm going to message her tomorrow and ask what's up . i haven't really done anything to deserve this . heck , the last time i talked i told her i was sorry to hear about ... being alone mainly . i hate being stuck in on a saturday or friday night with nobody to talk to or nowhere to go . it's the worst feeling to get . it gets easier . i can't help but wonder how many of them are actually trolling knowing the sort of response they're going to get . it's cool though , we'll move on and take it in our stride , right ? thanks for easing my conscience ! it's interesting actually . she was going to wait until i contacted her to talk ; and i did well not talking for a month and a half which i will admit did nearly kill ... i keep finding birthday cards tucked away in random places , and instead of throwing them out the pile just grows ( if i actually get given them nowadays ) thankyou . it's always nice to hear from another person . i'm getting there , but at the moment it's probably good to think of the fact that when she tries to sleep with other people 6 months in and ... dear fellow esfj's , one thing that i have always been able to relate to quite well is the list of esfj weaknesses over at personality page ( most of them anyway ) . especially have very difficult ... i can back this up . i would much rather give indirect affection to someone than direct . i'll do most anything for someone that i love / care about ; but if you ask me to speak my feelings direct and ... everybody takes different times with relationships , and when people go out they have differing expectations on whether marriage should even occur - let alone when . i can understand where your esfj ... i didn't think i was the only one , but there's always the danger of speaking on behalf of people when you don't actually know what they're thinking . personally never hooked up randomly or anything ... whilst i generally feel the same way , give me a year or so with the same people and then i will like to talk at my job ( albeit only when i can ) . it's the same with me in nearly any situation , the ... though i can't speak for the female esfj's , i heartily agree with being yourself and the whole authenticty thing . i personally don't drink or anything like that , but i love to head out with a friend ... * puts hand up * , i'm a lurker , when i have time and remember i come around ! i don't see the need for myself to create a new thread , if there isn't anything i think i'd like to talk or discuss about ... alright , i'm kind of sick of the this type usually dislikes this type because of x , it's not just esfj's where it's not true , but everywhere else too . why you ask ? as people get older especially , ... being a straight shooter can be nearly impossible for me ! it's very hard to bring up the courage to be straight down the line sometimes . i think it would be nice in future if you know that someone is going to misintepret your post , you qualify what you mean instead of waiting for a response so you can clarify . that would be effective ... yeah though : you're kidding me right ? because being part of a temperament means you're part of a worldwide problem ? it's just getting further and further off-topic . also , please don't imply ... i probably wouldn't object to it all that much , but it is said by the myers briggs foundation themselves that it is unethical . you guys are awesome too ; don't worry about that . i've had heaps of fun ... i think cosmia and hunny bunny were pretty spot on . i agree that esfj's won't readily forget about someone , that rejection or hurt would probably come back . cosmia said it well when she said that ... my apologies for being away for so long ; i've been incredibly busy the last few months . though i don't wish to bring up things that were posted a long time ago ( april or further back ) , i think it ... i love puns , but i generally will laugh at anything . someone i know has a very dry sense of humour and whilst it took me a while to enjoy it ( as they also come off as very robotic or uncaring with ... i'd be inclined to agree . especially if a person has been deemed by the esfj to be worthy or need to have special attention - then they will most definitely get it . i agree with miss willow , if ... esfj's can seem attention seeking to introverts . they love to be told that what they did was good , and i know personally i won't feel part of a team unless i feel something positive coming back from ... i read through this and i can imagine myself in the same situation . i can imagine myself saying i had no time to do anything and refusing to take time off work , putting work above pretty much all ... learn to keep my mouth shut when i don't like something ; i open my mouth when something annoys me too easily . also , i need to stop being so incredibly tense all the time and worried about what people ... oh if i've never heard something so great in my life . i know sometimes i get a bit pissed off but really i hate that i get like that . i have an intp that refuses to do anything because once upon a ... i like intp's strangely enough , even though their np can drive me so crazy it's not funny . actually now i think about it , their whole intpness can drive me crazy , but nevertheless i absolutely love ... if it helps i'm esfj and i am exactly the same , i always like to clarify everything and make double sure i don't mess it up . i'd say i have fairly good si and reflecting on myself throughout the year ... it's always awkward when those sorts of things happen ... but there's not much you can do about it , especially if they're drunk . that magical liquor that removes everybodies inhibitions ! then i suppose you have to differentiate between s and j , although it is not supposed to be done , let's judge another persons type . the reason we shouldn't do this is because it can be quite ... in response to someone talking about esfj's and intp's . i get along great with one of my intp friends , she's one of the nicest people you'll meet . the only things that can bother me sometimes is she ... i love isfp's ! i like how they can keep me on edge , and a good friend i know can make me feel better about anything . even by way of joke / play insulting , which nobody else has ever been able to do i don't think there is such a huge difference , when posting in a thread why do people dislike esfj's , i thought that it was implying this is why you don't like esfj's as a whole . correct me if i'm ... it's not because i don't want to do anything , it's more that i can't stand to leave people behind . that's one of the reasons why i hate moving more than anything else . it really pains me when i can't ... i'm not sure if i can help you but to say i'm borderline i and e too . from the personalitypage : for isfj's : guitar , acoustic or electric ( or anything like a guitar like bass , ukulele etc ) . i can play a little bit of piano badly but could figure out things if you gave me a lot of time , and i can do basic ... i play an instrument , and i used to songwrite quite a lot . i slowly lost time and a little bit of creativeness to get songs done over the years though . gurlygurl it is kind of a stereotype to say that men have to approach women . i would suggest to try not and hold grudges against a certain type just because they burned you in the past so to ... i think that when anybody is quite cold towards you for a period of time after a relationship it's kind of a loss . i know i would find it quite weird the person i'm dating still being good friends ... i come out as an sfj ( surprisingly ! ) and ... hufflepuff . i think you're right , there isn't many of us around ! i'm not quite new anymore but i got one of my friends who's a bit down on my mind , and i'm stressed after a really long week ! but other than ... when any of your friends who are depressed seem to only talk to you about it , and you give them a call and have them feeling a little bit better by the end of it . hohum 70 , i'm a little unsure as to what you meant in your post , would you mind elaborating for me ? gurlygurl , don't let a thread on the internet dictate whether you have children or not . i love swimming and i've done it for a long time now . i normally train hard for just under half the year , and sometimes i wear myself out ( literally my shoulder ) and i'm slowly getting it back to ... yeah , that's true , i also seem to make other people's problems mine too and want to fix them . which isn't the best of ideas either . but you're 100 % right , every field benefits from having a range of ... i'm not sure , it used to be anybody who showed interest in me or really liked me ( terrible i know ) . but after being burnt i don't know , in fact i'm not sure . someone who is generally level headed , ... any type can be anything they want , and the profession is better as a whole having a balanced type pool , as better judgements can be made . as an esfj , i would love to do psychology , but i doubt ... i'm an esfj guy ( but really in the middle on e and i ) and the only relationship i've had i was dumped ( and really harshly but that's another story , probably explaining why i'm single since and i'm ... '