' the possible reasons can be polar opposites . you can't really tell what that is unless he tells you . i'm ignoring 3 people at the time . one , because i know he's very interested in me and i'm ... intjs placed third , yay : kitteh : yes , entjs , i'd like to date you too , but i can't find you anywhere even remotely close to me , so , well : sad : dear entj males do you even live in poland ? i've searched the net thoroughly and you seem to be absent from my country whatsoever . sincerely intj girl i am so glad this thread made it into the intj forum . i remember first seeing it at the intps ' . at the same time we intjs were having a serious discussion about effectively communicating with ... ten characters . i have seen death note twice , but please do sth with this post for those who haven't . it's a huge spoiler . light is an intj , although i'd have to consult my death note fanbook for details ( i don't ... i didn't mean to say that intjs don't repress stuff , because they do ... i mean , we do : wink : my point is that repressed emotions aren't the reason we are logical and value reason . we just have been ... answering the op : why are the fictional intjs calm on the outside and emotionally disturbed on the inside ? because the world sees us as that . i have met people who were absolutely convinced that i ... istj . that's as close as you can get to being an intj without being an nt , i think . i love my personality . i'd hate to be anyone else . well , the other nts are actually quite good alternatives , but ... i just noticed that isfj and entp are polar opposites . my god am i perceptive ! : tongue : um , no . i have typed the isfj . the sensor one : happy : self-sacrifice ? leave it to the isfj ! infp is totally sacrifice-prone , but they would never have the guts not the decisiveness of the isfj to actually do it . although they'd probably think about ... well yes , i meant that she is at her best when she uses that awesome spell :) yup , inoue at her best : cool : hahaha ! hehe , ekhem . do not feed the troll , that's all i have to say on this matter . i'm glad that i could help and i really hope you're not limerent : happy : i really don't feel this is the right way ... i'd rather advise trying to ... erm , it feels wrong to say it as an intj in the intj subforum , but ... : unsure : like , understand your ... um ... you get some character development ? personal growth ? maybe : unsure : i'd be careful with the joys , though . remember fellas , love is joy only when reciprocated , if not , it's living hell ... i know a couple of entps , they totally do this , i can bear witness : happy : dude ... ( no pun intended , but ... ) dude ! that's what entps do ! : tongue : omg . i know i can't find anyone to share life with and i'm a bit bored but i'm almost totally unrestricted in the way of people-ties ( save two or three close friends ) . i understand your point to ... if i can offer anything , i remember you from some previous discussions on this forum and you seemed very infjish to me . i'd even call you the typical example of an infj . this is not meant in any ... day_dreamer i don't feel bad being single in general , but i definitely see some benefits steming from having a relationship . i want to feel like someone cares for me in a more intimate way than ... i advise to quit online dating . unfortunately , it is usually being used as sexual emergency or the last resort for desperate people . not everyone there is like that , but definitely the majority , from ... it seems to me that this was written by a person who thinks that only feelings , emotions , souls , empathy and inner child hold true value . this person must be really frustrated when faced with the ... this argument is completely irrelevant . i always hear it when i say that children are stupid and make no sense . but you were a child too ! someone had to take care of you ! ha ! what do you have to say ... so totally true , all you've said there . i'm 23 , so i'm not that different : wink : i'm just geting recently one of those phases i'm 23 already and i still don't have a boyfriend , what's wrong with ... yeah , but it's really frustrating . for some reason i come off as intimidating ( like some of you have already described yourselves ) and i am rarely approached by guys . and then , just when i think that ... my god , that link was hilarious . it also explains why most people say / show me that i'm physically attractive , but no one actually pursues me romantically . if they do , however , it turns out that ... dralud you're an intj , so i believe that we operate more or less in the same way . i've been there before and i can tell you what helped me . basically , when i have a problem , i have to think it ... hey fellas . first , i tried to search the forum for such a thread and nothing came up . if there is one , please link to it and i'll be done here . i stated this in a couple of my posts , but i , a ... action potential what i meant is that many girls live in a world where the type of your skirt relates to your life to that extent even though in many cases there is no such relation . i really ... unfortunately , as has already been mentioned , many women encourage this . there are many girls who think that their good or bad luck depends on the lenght of their skirt ( ex . 1 : i had a mini today so ... haha : laughing : intjs dating intjs ? omg the awesomness well , i'm not pissed or something . i just don't like people labeling my personality as a disorder that i have because apparently i do not fit into the society . i don't have to be merry and outgoing ... i know . i don't think you tried to offend me or anyone else . it's just that your post makes our personality traits not normal , steming from an unhealthy relationship with the world . you also ... i do think i'm somewhat special , but then again there are many people just like me so most probably in the end i'm not that special . i am a silent observer . i am active in the artistic fields ... when i hear a love song , i always think : heh , they make it sound so beautiful and what not , but it's just a natural instinct to fuck each other . haha . i really started noticing how people glorify ... the kids in elementary school were unpleasant ( because i had best grades with no effort ) , but i didn't notice that much . my parents were hellish , trying to make me into someone i could not and would ... lirulin : oh no , i didn't feel discredited by your post :) i just thought that compared to your description about natural personality traits , mine was rather like i fell hard for an idiot , got ... having read the above post , i think i should probably clarify : right now the way i perceive love and relationships is because of the limerence ( and somewhat of a trauma ) , but i'm not holding ... unrequited limerence . lasted 2,5 years , took another 1,5 to kill it completely . i fought bravely and i won , though in the process i lost my innocence and faith in love and became a cynic . changed my ... * in a dreamy voice * because we are so unique . ok jk , i just read the enneagram four thread about just how unique every one of them is . it's been a couple of weeks and i still think it's funny , and ... ahahahaha-stepheniemeyer-hahahaha . ekhem . as for character development , do you know she actually believes that bella changed throughout the books and is a completely different person at the end ... it didn't bother me as much in death note as in some other productions . i think that dn , apart from obviously requiring the explanation , does it in more realistic ways . i can easily believe that l ... it somewhat bothers me ( but in a humurous way ) when the characters do things just for the sake of the audience . like explaining things to other characters . well we're both intelligent and we've both ... intj = i need to judge . ' nuff said . it's not mine and everyone has heard it probably , but i think it fits me the best . something else ? uhh ... irony never tastes jovial ? i don't think he was nervous , it wasn't our first meeting just the two of us . it seems he didn't go to the cinema to actually see the movie , but just to go to the cinema with me . he said he was ... i have acquainted a guy who is a master of smalltalk . i didn't mean to acquaint him , i swear ! it just happened . he likes me , so he wants to meet me every now and then . it was ok at first , i got used ... '