' almost all of my doodles are faces , but i sometimes draw hands or feet as well . i've been trying to stop since it interferes with writing notes in class . lol apparently it's an actual tree house . it'd be so cool to live in . i found it here : oh my this one's even better : ... when i took an mbti test in middle school as a way to find suitable career opportunities , i tested as an isfj , but the profile description never really clicked with me . i think this was mainly ... right now i've got a couple books on world religions and am really into the idiot by dostoevsky ; i also have to begin the grapes of wrath by steinbeck this weekend for english class . i want to reread ...   ... i started crying before i even got halfway through this . thank you tentaclezoom , i want to put your post on my bulletin board now . i will always love the princess bride . also arsenic and old lace , it's so incredibly hilarious . and philadelphia story . desperately trying to not get my hopes up .   trying to cheer myself up . i feel a million times better than i did last year , yet i seem to be crying more often than ever . i tear up reading news stories and television shows . i feel pity for the bad guys in films and even ... finally the weekend . ooh i started listening to florence and the machine recently . they have some fantastic songs . i really enjoy the dog days are over and rabbit heart . i last cried a few days ago when i was overwhelmed by the random thought of one of my dogs dying , which led to worrying about whether there is anything after life and if christianity is right then my ... my prayers are with the people of christchurch ; i hope there's no more fatalities and that they'll rescue those still trapped under rubble . it's personality that i fall for , so i personally don't have any preference . ( woo three p's in one sentence ! * pats self on back * ) haha that looklet is very addicting ... i'm trying to recycle clothes from the back of my closet and be more creative with my outfits , and return to wearing skirts and dresses again . in elementary school i dreamed of being an artist or writer , and even had a phase in the fourth grade of being president . now i'm looking into medicine and immunology , but as i'm still technically a ... i remember my father reading white mars , a science fiction i believe , and he couldn't stand it . it's apparently the only he's never been able to finish . for me , one is barnaby rudge by charles ... i had to watch all the interviews after this one ! so funny : crazy : we read that in english class last year . it's very good . a fudge shake . yummy : laughing : i love this . i hope you find this girl again . kerfuffle saccharine whimsy the more i look into pantheism , the more appealing i find it . sometimes i wish i didn't live in the baptist bible belt where it's practically blasphemous to explore other systems of faith . uncertain and kind of down . is it horrible to say that i don't like my brother ? my aunt surprised me last night with an ereader , and it came with dracula , little women , pride & prejudice , etc . i'm already in love with it ... say hi to my lovely valentine's day date ! - _ - i think this will be my permanent one : you're so cute ! and i agree , you look very infpish lol . have any of y'all ever visited the duirwaigh gallery ? it's a beautiful site :D uirwaigh studios - a portal to inspiration and they have a couple of really beautiful videos : ... it took me a shocking amount of time to find this slash : . i have a very difficult time trusting others , which is probably i don't have friends outside of school ; i just can't seem to connect further than that because of my fear of being hurt , or hurting ... a good book and these :  that's mine too . lately i've been constantly tired . this is a great thread ! i can't wait until i know ya'll well enough and vice-versa to really participate . sorry for the interruption :) . the only person i've been able to confirm is my brother ; he's an intp . i was asked this question in my teen leadership class a few weeks ago and the first thing i thought of was reincarnation . i'd like the chance to come back here with a new identity . every morning i tell myself what's going to happen in each class and that i'm prepared for the day over and over to ease the sense that i might be completely unprepared for school . my cousin had to put her cat down :( . he somehow got into antifreeze while wandering outside and was too poisoned to make it ... rip gizmo hollow and morbid . i just watched it . a wonderful and weird movie , and i loved sandler's character and related to many of his issues . the soundtrack drove me up the wall at certain points , but i think that was ... '