it's better if you correct me instead of kill threads like this . welcome to the forum . - _ - i don't know what you mean ? you can cut right through it and sum it up as : ni is about looking at past data and finding relations . it points to what might be and needs some validity , otherwise ... myself - dave grohl im not sure how much there is , but : mostly : scottish ( about 1/5- 1/4 ) , english ( 1/4 ) , maori ( 1/4 ) then : german ( 1/16- 1/8 ) , french ( 1/16- 1/8 ) , portuguese ( ? ? ? ) mainly european with maori for ... katie holmes ( sagittarius ) enfp - tom cruise ( cancer ( ftw ) ) - isfj relations of supervision future girlfriend ( sagittarius ) enfp - myself ( cancer ) - infj mirror relations changing one letter ... 58 . i have about 200 or so more people to add but i barely need to use it . msn is where its at . you do . but its je we're after . :D and to the op , i guess it depends on what you mean . ji , fi or ti , are introverted judging functions : an introverted feeler could hate being late because it goes ... i guess there's little to hate when your friendship with them is strong . but non-comittment can be pretty bad if they aren't willing to stick and run through with a plan in the long run ( this could ... very well written . enfp - istp is considered a duality relationship too ( which means good business in the socionics book ) but that alone doesn't mean too much . sorry about the relationship breaking too , duality , just ... sites like these ( mbti and enneagram : their relationship and complementary use ) say it all . type 5 infj is a rarity too . i can tell what you mean . i like to see it as systems within systems . the mbti captures the person in the loosest sense , the enneagram explains more into why a type 9 enfj , for example , may seem more ... i've seen a type 1w2 male infj somewhere on the infj site . havn't seen anything rare than that . he is probably a enneatype 1 , or at least has it in his tritype . i could see him being driven to fight crime to satisfy his maybe 1 nature , but in his spare time he is solitary and only him himself ... i get like that too . i get caught between deciding to go out just to enjoy reality again or stay inside my man cave . very insightful post . i could see how infjs with developed ti could look a lot like an intj . only difference to me is that their ni is supported by te : and te arranges data for a personal agenda ( it ... and what about me ? eh ? i have my picture , but i get no thanks or anything . ok , cool . i know were you stand . lol jk . its cool . oh ... i got extraverted / introverted fe , not feeling . lol i get you . i do feel suffocated without socializing , but its normal to go for a long time without it . speaking of which , all i did was practice guitar religiously and surf the internet for about 3 weeks ... that ... you'd have to be very infatuated to do that :P . i'd hurt if moving wasn't possible however . wow ... the infj ladies in here : blushed : i could imagine lady gaga as an infj . a more radical kind though , haha . :P the last sentence makes sense . i dont understand the extraverted and intraverted fe subtype thing though . despite how common it is , i'd see type 4 more common amongst ip types . i don't understand how type 4 relates to fe at all ( after all , fe reaches outwards right ? ) . i'd think type 5 would be more ... unsure , you should probably look around . there will be some somewhere . i could barely pick up on the cold . nice singing too :) . ok , type 5w6 / type 9w8 . things are starting to make a bit more sense ( i'm an only child ) . i enjoy playing classical guitar , and have played it for about five and a half years . i'm trying to expand my boundaries a bit and do something for a group performance assessment at my college , ... it took me a while to come to infj . i've gone from intj , infp , intp and now infj . i took a cognitive test before turning out infj , and i'm starting to think it fits . another thing is the ni ... your probably going to be diagnosed as adhd if you're ni or ne dominant . adhd is really just another term for intuitive i guess , because how many are really paying attention around ourselves ? lol ... mines not really insightful or anything . dont try and over analyze it , it's just original username backwards . i was on the move ... edit : derp , istj thread . mock me if you please . a disagreement is another party's objective to convince the other that their thesis is more sound than the other . i find a personal attack usually involves discriminating or defaming the other to ... the sentence probably meant a lot . very light minded women . i can still remember most of the dates in our history class last year for the events we discussed . i like what you describe there about not being able to be around other ni users . i think being with another infj is sure an experience , but its kind of hard to relate to them in a way . on the flip ... thanks for the good read . thinking feti . yeah , the academic infj thing seems kind of feasible , although it may mean we have some fe developing to do , haha . i dont think i really use te at all on the other side . i was reading for ... ok , so i've been talking to several friends about the mbti and they're all intrigued as i am on some level . lately , i have typed two enfps , infj , estj and entp . they all seem to align with their mbti ... vel that is very true . i have a similar issue with a good friend from college , and it's like a hit and miss conversation when we talk . they're good company , but the communication gap is very big . also to expand on my earlier suggestions , i saw hitler listed as infp and intj . infj seems to perfectly describe his personality and ambitions w / that during the second war . why ? - hitler's nazi ... yeah , i hear 1w2 is pretty common too . guessing the 1 behavior is going to stem from fe a bit more though , but yeah . thanks . scratch that , 9w8 . sophisticated persons . :) i see . it's still common for ni types to overload if too much stimuli takes place however . i find that i need to recharge a while after . even just socializing . thanks for the insight . note : also ... i agree with that too . its normal for introverts to need a bit of time to recharge , but being with people is fine . i just figure if theres too much of it i want to get out asap , haha . that's ... i dont like small talk ... not hate , but not really liking it either . ill avoid it , but maintain it for the sake of being nice if i have to . kudos to ultranumb , what you've said is too true . i don't think this is true . all introverts need some solitude to recharge , hence they are introverted ( it goes the same for extraverts , but i'm assuming they spend very little time recharging like ... yeah i get this a lot too when tired . i tend to avoid people i know so i wont weigh the group down so much ( that would be fe failing , as its hard to feel for this function when your tired ) . keeping a ... steve carell ... natalie portman . suspected infjs there . i think carell may tend to enfj actually .