' hahaha , loved this one . 1 . husband 2 . a wild cat 3 . staring at each other 4 . medium sized 5 . no 6 . a vase , a bowl with fruits 7 . ceramic 8 . pick it up disorganisation for sure !  cutenesss overload everybody ! ! ! you are amazing :) ... simple man ( lynyrd skynyrd cover ) dave matthews band - crash into me cover i love love .. when its clean around me . i tend to clean after everyone else around the house quite often ( it bothered me when i was younger now ive just learned that its a way to serve ... dancing ( in a dancegroup .. for about 7 years now ) , playing piano , reading , writing , cooking . haha , thanks .. that made me laugh :) :) i agree ... :) here's another infp ... : blushed :: unsure : ... are you real ? you are really weird in a good way you have a strange sense of humor i was called error 404 in high school :D i don't think there is anything wrong with you .. its the other way around . i think its the way it should be . you sure dont have to be able have meaningless detached sex .. cause you are not supposed ... painful it was to limit this list only to 50 songs ! but here they are 1 . kings of leon - revelry 2 . kings of leon - cold desert 3 . kings of leon - closer 4 . burhan g - a song for her 5 ... ah one more .. sad .. incredible song   ... i am an infp and i am the one who just wants to love everyone . i am the one who wants someone to see how much love i have to give from my heart . i am the one who can cry days after knowing that i ... hammock - the air between us youtube - hammock - the air between us i believe that sex belongs into the marriage . so i am waiting . as someone said above , it is weird to talk about these matters being a virgin , but that's how it is . to me it is something important , ... i think these pictures of me are kind of infpish ... ? :) i love sports too . i love dancing . a great way to express myself and feel good . two results . you are a musical thinkerhttp :/ / www.bbc.co.uk/science/leonardo/images/thinker_quiz/results/musical.jpg musical thinkers : tend to think in sounds , and may also think in rhythms ... virgin , waiting till marriage . i am 18 . :: type 2 ! :) hazel , infp :) thank you for sharing about yourself .. i really hope you will meet the people who truly deserve your friendship and love in your life and who want to understand you . wish you all good from the ... my pleasure :) well they have been together now for about 20 years or more .. i know they love each other very much , but i guess as all parents do , they get into arguing .. but it has never been seriously seriously ... my mother and father are both intjs so different and yet so similar . that made me laugh thanks for finding the right words for us :) thats the way it is ive felt that since being little .. i was alyways the youngest in the class as i went to school early .. but there were always some people who told me that they are scared of me , cause i seemed more ... capricorn . well thank you :) :) :D no i still consider myself to be infp most of the time .. i actually met and enfp and here i am .. reading all your posts trying to figure him out a little :D oh yes ... i like doing that . makes ... totally me . does that make me an enfp ? :D thats what i love about myself :) yay , so nice to know that there are people like me out there :D hahah sticky notes .. so true :D so true . . . exactly :D '