' welcome to the forum , sarah ! i wish you best of luck in learning more about your mbti type . c : i'd rather not share the entire collection of words , but the word that defines my endgoal is vast , and my level five words--the ones representing opposition / support--were chaos and ... you may not think there's a good reason for her to be on social media , but if she is on social media , it's probably because she seems value in it . you might consider asking her for her reasons--and ... what helps a lot is phrasing it in such a way where you express your own feelings on the matter without expressing blame so much as what you feel about the situation--while affirming that you value ... how to see what you last googled . i probably could've just checked my history . i absolutely love abstract / philosophical talk , so i feel it must depend on the person ? a lot of my favorite abstract / philosophical conversations come down to how people connect with each other , ... what helps me in a breakup is falling back on the support of other relationships ! oftentimes the hardest part of a breakup for me is adjusting to the loss of companionship from someone close and ... cry very easily , sure , but on command ? not particularly ! if your sister does feel like she's some sort of outcast or outsider , it seems to me like she might most of all appreciate having someone to listen to and understand her . in situations when i've been ... i find that my challenge in typing myself is that sometimes , characteristics of my personality come so naturally to me that they slip under my radar in my efforts to define myself . that , and a lot of ... hello and thank you ! c : i dabbled in publishing a few years ago ; i run a forum for writers , so its members and i self-published a couple compilations of our stories ! i also wrote articles for a ... ahhh , cool ! did you also study japanese in high school , or did you wait until college ? i do agree that genki's organization can be confusing , but i definitely preferred its organization to tobira ... i found him cute , but not physically attractive , if that makes sense . placing importance on appearance sounds accurate to me ; that's something i've consciously admitted i pay attention to , even if ... i hope you can find it in you to keep trying ! i'm so sorry you've had trouble finding a solution that helps you , but i'm glad you continue to search ! you've mentioned medication hasn't had much ... i would place heavy value on gifts with some sort of symbolic meaning about the relationship , something to remind me of the other person ! gifts related to my hobbies would also be really pleasing to ... oh hell yes , i'd love to be a hobbit . relaxing , domestic life , lots of food , friends and comfort , tidy and cozy hobbitholes , and absolutely no adventures ( unless i want them ) , i would love that life . i have a huge interest in talking to people , but i myself have a problem with lack of initiative , probably stemming from under-confidence ? i've had a lot of friends who sort of initiated relationship ... i have a dream of finding the one , so my goal is always to be in a relationship for the long term , with serious intentions ! however , in the past i have been prone to settling for very not serious , ... i had one experience with a guy once where he was very interested in me , and i thought he was a big sweetheart and knew he would be good for me and was more than happy to consider him as a romantic ... i would much rather be told sooner than later , so i'd take the text over waiting a month to hear about it in person . partially , though , that decision is influenced by my comfort with text as a ... ahhh that must be wonderful ! ^ - ^ i could say the same , though it's less because of culture and more because i currently reside on a college campus where coffee can be found in every restaurant on ... eb44345 after thinking about it for a couple days , esfj is making a lot of sense to me . as far as ni goes , i'm definitely not incapable of action , but i know i'm more comfortable with the planning ... all the ixf-types ; ixtp and intj are also somewhat common . that doesn't mean i rule out you being an enfj , though . [ / quote ] i see ! well , i'll probably reread the enneagram types sometime just to ... marlm fantastic ! i'm versatile in my coffee tastes as well . starbucks is a bit of a paradise for me , but i like home-brewed coffee with nothing but creamer mixed in just as well . i'm currently in ... welcome ! c : i'm a type 9 enneagram as well , though i'm 9w8 rather than 9w1 . lol , you said it ! i'm really fond of the fact that personality tests like this genuinely take the individual into ... eb44345 and living dead , thanks for the input ! :) i really appreciate the examples , and i did some reading up on si to assess how much i relate to it . if si is the comparison of present ... i'm a 9 ! 9w8 , to be precise . 9w8 4w5 7w8 to be even more precise , although i'm not sure what roles the other numbers in the trifix play for me . allergy i'll definitely check them out when i can ! unfortunately i haven't seen any of them yet , but hopefully that will change . i know someone else who's a big fan of hunter x hunter , so for that ... i'm working on my bachelor of arts now ; i'm a little over a quarter of the way through ! maskednicci hello , thank you ! that's really cool that we're seeking similar degrees ! ^ u ^ i've been studying japanese for four years now ; i was homeschooled through high school , so i started off using ... thank you , i do think that helps ! :) i do find myself understanding feelings , trying to motivate others , and focusing on possibilities a lot . but it's possible i relate to the sensing aspects of what ... hello ! ! welcome ! c : i'm not an infp , but i also love cats and baking and sunsets and music and manicures ! do you own any cats presently ? ( i've always wanted one , but since i live on a college campus , ... i'm discerning between enfj and esfj , but both types ' biggest strength is admirable according to this infographic . what does that even mean ? what makes me so admirable ? hello , amacey , welcome ! c : i'm probably more new than you , in that case , but it's wonderful that you've started posting ! so , i've been calling myself enfj for a while now , but i've always been confused about the difference between n and s . after reconsidering the other letters , too , i'm fairly certain they are ... thank you ! i'm fairly certain ; i haven't done as much research on it , but i've always pretty easily been able to read descriptions of type 9 and say yep , that's me . a little less certain about ... i beg your pardon . haven't you ever heard of a nickname ? aah , i see ! that sounds fantastic ; i can only imagine how much you'd learn by watching subs for that long . :) i didn't even start watching anime until i was fifteen , and my formal language studies ... greetings , jakenpoi ! :) i became interested in japanese when i went to an anime convention a few years ago and attended a panel by a woman who shared her experiences as a translator in japan . since ... thank you ! ! i'm sure i will enjoy myself here ! c : that's wonderful that you've been able to reach that level ; i'm still working towards that myself . how long have you been studying japanese so far ? ... hello , mr . cafebot ! it's wonderful to make your acquaintance ! c : i'm excited to be among such unique individuals . thanks for all the links , i'll make sure to read up on them after responding here ! ... hi everyone ! my name's shadow , and i've been identifying as enfj for a while now , though recently my research into the cognitive functions has me questioning whether that's an accurate assessment ! ... '