' this door may be impractical , it's still a cool idea : an e-ink parking sign : estp olympics i dance , and i'm not half bad , considering i've never had significant formal lessons . i have two friends ( enfp & enfj ) who are national-level ballroom dancers . i learn a lot from watching them and ... i have always had an interest in stoicism , without really knowing what it was . a few months ago , i discovered stoicism proper , and i have been fascinated ever since . i am going to start reading ... you have my deepest sympathies , my friend . i know exactly how you feel . i'm certain that this is exactly what it is like talking with people who know nothing about your field . this video sounds exactly like a few stories my father has told me ... agni , whomever came up with that counter is awesome . this furthers my opinion about how awful an idea black friday is . i find that our humanity is best manifest in our curiosity , and a natural wonder for the cosmos around us , paired with ambition . think about it : we are passionately curious about how things work , and ... i've been called a psychopath a few times . usually , i'm just called weird , a nerd , a geek , or something like that when people aim to insult . those who are not aiming to insult usually still call me a ... i think this amuses me mostly because i could never dream of mustering this much energy . by the way , anyone wearing headphones , please turn it down a little . if you don't , you will regret it .  ... a brutal example of karma . this made me chuckle . an investment in knowledge pays the best interest . - ben franklin - each man is the bard of his own existence - cormac mccarthy - if we're going to be damned , let's be damned for what we ... oh , hey ! i remember you , virginia ! i met you on an intj facebook page . i know that there is natural magnetism between me and most enfps i meet . the majority of my friends over the years have been enfps , and i know i've had a crush on at least one enfp in my life . when humanity has matured , i will support transhumanism entirely . looking at humans now , i feel that the fusion of man and machine would be very dangerous . considered visiting norway a few times . maybe when i have a tad more money , i'll get around to it . estp reminds me of this gem : why you shouldn't get caught sleeping on the job . esfp : entp : ... intj when somebody ignores their advice and something goes wrong for them later : ... 220538 here's a few that i found today . is capturing carbon from the air practical ? | mit technology review bbc - future - five steps to colonising mars denmark plans to be coal-free in 10 years , totally ... one of the few things i actually enjoy about sports .    i'm currently reading a book of five rings . it provides an interesting perspective on strategy . i'd imagine a lot of other intjs have read this book as well . i also really liked ender's game ... why are people so weird ? ! how could you possibly think that was a good idea ? fascinating . i'd like to read more about this subject . although i know i'll never apply my newfound knowledge ... just discovered impractical jokers today . reminds me of this ... 198746 certainly . while he seemed less ti than some of the intps i've interacted with , he did seem to have a good amount of ne . he also seems to have a great deal of intj characteristics , but not quite ... i kinda feel like dewey is an intp , but it could be just me . this ... how is excedrin a picnic supply ? i thought this was rather amusing . toxikinetic creature creation - superpower wiki the ability to create beings of poison or shape them to certain shapes . sub-power of toxikinetic constructs , variation of organic entity creation . ... 94383 i've been called spock and sheldon by several people before . one time , two of my classmates accused me of being a psychopath for saying that observing an autopsy would not disturb me . scientists have discovered a new particle called a dropleton . it may have applications in quantum encryption . new particle called quantum droplet discovered - technology & science - cbc news 94219 i hope this isn't too small . 93603 make a handheld version of this . problem solved . unless i lived in a massive library , i would have to say no . a ) hydrogen ramjet or some other means of passive propulsion . b ) if i get going fast enough , relativity should do most of the work for me . c ) i want to see everything , so i couldn't give specifics ... violence is the last refuge of the incompetent . - isaac asimov this music is a lot like what i listen to when i'm studying . thanks for sharing ! '