' a 60/40 split sounds perfect to me . burgeoning beauty born of broken barriers . root : open ( 19 % ) sacral :op en ( 12 % ) navel :op en ( 12 % ) heart :op en ( 25 % ) throat :op en ( 19 % ) third eye :op en ( 56 % ) crown :op en ( 12 % ) i'm fairly surprised by the result , but i think it ... 31/36 . although i relied on intuition for a lot of it , i found that mimicking the expressions myself helped on some of the ones i wasn't sure of . 1 . reserved 2 . intelligent 3 . humorous 4 . emotional 5 . creative 6 . warm 7 . different 8 . idealistic 9 . empathic 10 . moody multiple choice is proof of the devil's existence . hey everyone , i'm findnoenemy ( as you can probably tell ) . i don't really know how to describe myself without feeling like a narcissist , so i guess i'm just genuinely curious about all of you . i'd ... but loneliness drinks at the bar you set too high ... r5j4nqxe hope it helps ! this is spot on . words cannot express how much i love this song . anberlin - fin eyedea & abilities - smile oliver hart ( eyedea ) - here for you i'm up for anything really , though my favourite discussions tend to be about music , love , and learning more about other people . i just wear the first thing i find in my closet . dressing ostentatiously has never appealed to me . i prefer to dress nondescriptly and let my fe do the rest . beer . lots and lots of beer . gotta be be inconspicuous . : tongue : welll when you put it that way , i suppose we could smuggle you across the border somehow . although it'd have to be during the day , before the quebecers come out to play : tongue : out of curiosity , what exactly about canada has you so enamoured ? i need to find myself a secret garden . i'd have to go with entp , they're just so fun and fascinating to me . plus , being an ideal match for she-infjs doesn't hurt either : tongue : i think i'm in love . pppjyuwi as someone who mistyped as an infp , i can say with certainty that it was because of the stupid dichotomies . because ni is a perception function , i always tested as an infp when i used tests . like ... i might have actually liked him better in the saiyan saga , at least then he could sort of justify it . but he just completely ignored trunks ' warnings and let cell absorb 18 - _ - i never remembered him ... vegeta is such a fucking prick :d ry : an academic who aspires to be a guru . i will never cease to be amazed by the pure intelligence of sixteen year old eyedea ... well firstly , a lot of my friends are men's men ( but not over the top , its more of a good natured comradery thing ) , and for reasons i'm unaware of , they tend to assume that i'm some kind of ... deanerys targaryen ( game of thrones ) huey freeman ( the boondocks ) goku and bulma ( dragonball z ) mhm ... yeah ... mhm ... probably ... i see what you mean ... mhm ... my manliness is a myth : tongue : . although , i do put on quite the facade if i do so say so myself . couldn't have said it better myself . i might just have found a theme song for us <3 1o3k8hto to me , it's not so much the words said that affect me but more the sincerity behind them . some of the best compliments i've ever received have been some of the simplest things spoken to me , but just ... would you be able to expand on this a bit ? i'm intrigued . the feeling is mutual ! :p roud : i'm soft spoken to a fault , and i talk fast so explaining things can be a challenge sometimes . i think the fast talking is because it able to think infinitely more quickly than i'm able to speak , so ... that is a question that has plagued me for longer than i can remember . growing up i always wavered back and forth between belief and doubt , with doubt being more common . i always felt like something ... they accidentally show up at your favourite places on purpose . the only time i'll ever be sarcastic towards a girl is if i like her . teasing ( and trying to make plans with someone are the number one giveaways that i fancy them ) . i'd guess that it's because wit ... um , there's sooo many things i could choose , but if i had to choose one i guess i'd go with stuffed pasta shells , or meatless spaghetti . i guess i'm not going down that road again : tongue : but i think this comes down to what your definition of love is . i've always felt like i was supposed to do something , though i could never find the ... to propagate as much love into the world as humanly possible ( yes , i'm original ) . a very old 17 years old . i actually enjoy lil b's music ... : blushed : u200bdynamic . well i've had a few friends tell me that they think i would be a great father , but its going to be quite some time before i find out if that's true . while i can see why someone would think that infjs ... crepuscular yeeeaaah , i think this is a little fishy ... 79739 '