' indeed . some tests have questions like : would you rather be at a social event or stay at home playing computer games / reading books . i mean , c'mon , that is way too vague . a social event ... i'm also like that , specially with computers . i know my way around tools , contraptions , and torture devices if the opportunity presented itself to use one . could probe to be useful if i find a woman ... this describes it well : wtf years - istp wiki i'm 25 and i'm starting college this fall . i have held menial jobs during these past few years and i also dropped out of college once . i also dropped out of two technical courses . i went to college ... istps usually like to be occupied with something that demands physical activity or movement . for example , you could ask him if he wants to go out bowling , just the two of you . right on . i don't particularly take the tests seriously because they are vague and not many questions seem to be aimed about physical or outdoorsy stuff . there is definitely a bias there . i think ... yeah , i've been doing that the past few days , trying to gain new perspective . now i have doubts about being an istp , because i notice a common pattern with istps here talking about tools and building ... i initially joined the forum thinking i was an intj . all my previews tests pointed to that . but i could sense something was amiss and that the intj label didn't made much sense since i'm very ... people often wonder why you are single . hey you are pretty smart / tall / handsome / funny / nice / easy-going / whatever , i can't believe you are still single . you often wonder why are you single . why am ... i treat myself like an amusement park . i've no problems poking fun at myself and i know my limitations and weakness . i enjoy testing my limits and i'm very bold . but this boldness rarely shows up ... you have a wide variety of skills and knowledge encompassing different areas . you often practice or devote your energy into perfecting your skill to a point where you are satisfied , and then you feel ... biologist , writer , computer engineer , chef , police officer , soldier , mma fighter 1 ) beer when there is a bbq or when i'm at a restaurant . 2 ) i rarely drink with the intention of getting drunk . i drink because i like the taste of beer . but on the occasions that i have gotten ... one thing about the intj description that never resonated with me was the emphasis on order , tidiness , schedule and structure . i'm rather laid back in that regard , the only thing i really keep ... as you are the only person linking books on this page , you'd be safe assuming that yes , i was talking to you . if that was enough , i put the ^ arrow this below your post but since us intj need to be ... ^ which book would you recommend more , the first one you linked or the second ? thank you very much for this . i sat through the whole lecture but i went so fast ! i need more so , i'm ordering the book as we speak . * whispers * hey , the author is probably be grateful to you for ... just close your eye and pretend you didn't read that . i vowed to not pop a nut and stop looking at porn for 7 days , starting yesterday . sort of an experiment to gauge my physical and emotional changes . your post resonates with me , because i indeed feel like i'm inside a loop of negativity . the bolded part is essentially me , in a nutshell . i use / used to take pride in that ability and i suppose ... i had a good laugh reading this . some of these actually sound plausible , while others seem fabricated . hard to believe there could be people that oblivious : #18 and 19 for instance . # 8 was ... i think i may have given the wrong impression here . my demeanor is generally calm ; i'm not in a constant state of anger or bitchiness . what i intended to say was that i'm more inclined to see ... here we have raul julia delivering his last line in any movie before passing away shortly after due to stomach cancer . he knew he was dying , so he decided to end his acting career with one of the ... if someone looks bored to their teeth and appear to be daydreaming , chances are it's an intj analyzing whatever thoughts are racing through his / her brain . it's hard to pinpoint to be honest . i've no problems laughing or having a good time . but i have problems with trusting in other people . i've problems giving and taking compliments . i'm always ... i try to look back in my life and try to remember what shitty experiences i might have had with other people , but nothing comes to mind . so i suppose i've always been distrusting of people in ... has that been working out for you ? i too want the world to make sense . understand why people do what they do , even if it isn't logical or rational . well , come on in . lets see how this turns out . any voice of reason and any piece of advice is always helpful . i'd like to hear your thoughts of this , fepa i have a much easier time being an ... for me it's much easier to express anger , arrogance , frustration and other negative emotions without giving it much a thought . they just come out natural . however , i have a hard time expressing ... am i the only intj that hates math but loves sport and physical activity ? my best friend that i've known since childhood . his acquaintances have also become my acquaintances and we occasionally play computer games together . i can go weeks without keeping in touch with my ... yes , i sometimes wish people could just read my mind to avoid dealing with this . when i'm stuck trying to express an idea i often backtrack a few times and say what i mean is xxx . my mind ... hello boys , girls and posers ( because every internet forum has to have one of them guys posing as girls , right ? might as well say hello to them as well ) . i can't decide what's sadder ... your overly elaborated attempts at being clever which ultimately come off as contrived ( ping pongs and nuclear physics ... what the fuck did i just read ? ? ? ) , or your ... i can already tell that telling you to let it go and move on won't make you change your mind . you could try telling her how worried you are , without insulting the guy as she will react ... if you are dysfunctional and want to forget what made you this way , then i'm afraid that would be an exercise in futility . your own actions and mindset would be a constant reminder of your past . you ... you don't have much say in what your ex or the other person - the sociopath ( sic ) - do with their lives . however , you still have this channel of communication open with your ex , and by the looks of it , ... i prefer to make a connection because that way the sex has more meaning . i know it sounds cliche , but that's how i feel about it . i've a rather loose definition of what constitutes a connections ( for ... i was merely dismissing his posts because they lacked any real substance and i didn't want the thread to get derailed . i have no intention and there is no value in engaging in a e-fight about sex ... everyone is at fault but me . that's basically what i got from reading your post , op . clearly i don't have to explain the futility in trying to change the world or people around you to make it ... again , there is no doing it right or wrong , it's a matter of preference . there is a myriad of ways of having and enjoying sex . but i guess you didn't have time to think about that when you were ... just talking in general . but if i had to guess , i would say whomever throws a hissy fit after reading my rant . thanks , glad to be on board . * subtle nodding of ... * wait a minute , what the fuck am i doing ? this is retarded . this isn't a test ; there is no right or wrong . i personally see it as much simpler than that . i just want to hear her moans of pleasure and see the look on her face as i'm eating her out with gusto and fucking her gently but vigorously . the ... have you noticed people taking their personality types way too seriously ? it would be a huge mistake to let a set of characteristics or stereotypes made by someone else define who you are . that is ... yeah , i just nod and mhm my way out , wanting the conversation to end so i can crawl back inside my head . sometimes i lose focus of the conversation ( specially if it is chit-chat ) and start thinking what am i having this conversation with this person , this is incredibly boring / stupid . it could be with ... i like toying / trolling with people emotions to see how they react . i take sadistic pleasure in it so i can be a huge jerk sometimes . but for the most part , i tease in harmless ways such as the one ... hello there , masterind here ( realizing just now i made a typo and that my name isn't mastermind ) . masterind , seriously ? ... what the hell is that ? aaaanyways , i've known that i was an intj type for ... '