' honestly maybe even an unhealthy esfp god let's all hate on the intjs lol intj leaders - think of putin . trump is too easily influenced , too loud , brash , easily swayed , etc . i agree with those who say estp . how do people relate to your goody side , when they see it ? or your personas ? how did you slowly progress from self-harm to more safe coping mechanisms ? messing with people is one of my favorite past times and it especially helps when it's my heart that's teeter tottering around you are all so incredibly gracious and understanding and i appreciate it so so much . i'm constantly wondering the whys and wherefores of people's emotions and actions ( which make no sense to me ) so ... god i identify so much with this , it's been just about two years and i'm still not over this other guy . thank you love , i needed to hear that . it's incredibly soothing . he just found out how i feel and hasn't really said anything , probably trying to figure out how to graciously handle the situation ... god im literally so disappointed in myself right now . i know better than to pursue someone who barely gives out wanna-be-friends vibes . and not only that , but it's not like he even tried to get to ... fuck e he went from saying he wants a relationship ( in general ) when we first met , to now telling me he's not ready for a relationship and he wishes he could tell me his life is all perfect but it's ... this is so encouraging to read ! i experience this loop on a weekly if not daily basis lol especially when comparing myself to the pofessors in my specialisation , who i one day plan on having as my ... the feeling is mutual well hun ... you are an istp genuinely joking i identify with this so hard i get pretty much all of what you guys are saying , in fact , eerily so ( to different extents ) . i guess one of my problems comes from using my logic to project a suspected outcome on someone regarding ... dying ( oh my god there is not like intj humor ) sounds about right tbh i always get wrong readings on how people perceive me , but i rarely misread people themselves . thanks for the answers , they're informative and interesting . have been going through some shit for awhile now and actually find myself turning to netflix , inaction , and romantic attraction or a ... arrogance at worst and self-confidence at best is something we're readily known for . we know the limits of our knowledge etc etc . however , do you ever feel like you don't know enough , or aren't ... to be fair , in certain circumstances where i feel comfortable and the mood strikes me , it's not so much that i don't want to express or share my feelings so much as i don't want to have a fucking ... tru omg what i've emboldened describes so much of my problems w people , especially this entp i was seeing awhile ago . he had been the highschool debate captain and turned everything into a challenge @ ... in public i come across as an extroverted istp . and actually , intjs are welllnown for our creativity due to the fact that we're extremely imaginative and closers . i myself am a writer , and my brother ... goood tooo knowww ... slookin like i should adopt that mentality it's basically just that i feel like i'm being shockingly obvious and transparent about my feelings , which makes it feel like an already rejection that he doesn't initiate and hasn't done anything ... what are you talking about jack daniels and tom waits sounds like a beautiful combination the straight up approach ? ? aw hell nah lol i might eventually . i just need to settle rn blah i quit you guys . gonna go back into my little hermit hole with my pets and books and music lol . ' sway too goddamn scary to outright ask him ; i don't want to fuck up our friendship in case he ... omg little darlings i feel like an f , im so proud of us for taking care of ourselves . dare i especiwlly liked your list and its methods youre wonderful , thank you . he's already told me i don't scare him / come off as too intense ( in regards to hanging out ) and yeah . icr if i said this or not , but he self-admittedly is bad at not ... did you have any early childhood traumas ? or late childhood traumas ? or traumas of any kind ? so you'd definitely say that you have a pretty healthy attitude / approach towards dealing with shit ? damn i'm jealous lol . has it always been like this for you ? do you ever have slip-ups ? aw fuck that shit man . i'm by nature the exact same fucking way , and it's only been recently that i've slightly learned to initiate / pursue . but always doing it makes me feel like him bugging him , and ... i'm not dating him ( yet ? fingers crossed ) but i'm getting to be good friends with a lovely infj guy . like you , i've recently been developing my fi , and that has helped me a tonnn to be able to relate ... so accurate i'm trying to better understand myself and my impulses behind some of my latest actions and behavior . on a scale of 1-10 , 1 being something along the lines of listening to a song that makes * you * ... this . i have initiated , like , 4 outta 5 times man , it's my always having to initiate that confuses me so does he just accept my invitations to chill bc he's lonely and i'm very good at making him feel listened to , or ? and lavendersnow thank you for the reminder to not read too into you infjs lol ... first of all thank all of you for the responses , theyre awesome ! this . hah ... yes but ive been wrong before . we've hung out several times , but 2 out of 3 times it's me initiating ( so ... who do you think im not im so suspicious this sounds too good to be true ? ? he wont freak out ? ? if he likes me then why doesnt he initiate ? ? ? like at least until he initiates hanging out ? i kinda feel like a spontaneous kiss is around the corner b ) noot until im sure then what are the chances of him liking me romantically ? and for two ? even before i know their types , i can always peg infjs because i'm so fucking attracted to them ( moth to light kind of thing ) . earlier in the semester , i was introduced to this wonderful guy . made ... omfg at this question . we're not actually robots , we've just excellent poker faces . does everyone really believe everyone else keeps their heart on their sleeve ? we feel emotions under every ... '