' you want to walk around and expose your nipples for free while men are paying women hundreds of dollars to see them .. am i ... well that's fine except for the fact that your average male couldn't be a bouncer ... you don't have to be an top 10 female to be successful in the cam girl business .. some guys like myself find women ... holy shit .. this thread is still going on .. i'm going to go and see who got pissed off sent from my iphone using tapatalk getting fed ? you make it seem like women are being forced to accept the offer.its a privilege at the end of the day to be able to walk in a bar broke and come out drunk.if you don't recognize that ... i can't believe that post got 3 grown adults to like it ... dear god ... this what i assume is a woman or an extremely feminized man just said that girls who make hundreds and thousands of dollars ... i'm listening to lots of fall out boy sent from my iphone using tapatalk i really like that people here were able to give their opinion without getting in their emotions . thanks guys sent from my iphone using tapatalk he likes his beard sent from my iphone using tapatalk i don't understand this thread sent from my iphone using tapatalk 12 or 1 ... 2am at the latest sent from my iphone using tapatalk i bath everyday ... l honestly think it's too much sent from my iphone using tapatalk more creative friends that live in my area sent from my iphone using tapatalk struggling with my business but trying to keep it going sent from my iphone using tapatalk mac and cheese sent from my iphone using tapatalk unattractive women complain about the beauty standards they have to meet that where created to oppress women . men who have a hard time with women complain that women only want to talk to men who ... i think that pretty much wraps that up then .. it's funny .. this would thread would go on a lot longer if in the original post i said females have all the privilege .. i'm glad someone else was able to ... i don't know if that's sarcasm or not but that's actually true.women are very powerful . i didn't even mention the power they have when it comes to the courtroom .. they complain where they lack power ... there are two genders .. remember .. that's what science teaches us . male and female sent from my iphone using tapatalk i was about 18 years old . i started late and i'm older now .. still trying to get that out of my system sent from my iphone using tapatalk i swear this one time .. i was drunk and my lady friend was too ... we ended up in the same restroom and she wanted to see my junk ... instead of whipping it out ... i gave her a hug .. i'm not lying ... i get so tired of hearing about male privilege ... what about female privileges ? women complain about how men are pigs when they benefit financially and socially from men being desperate pigs . ... female privilege .. and that's actually a thing that people don't talk about and i'm about to make a post about it sent from my iphone using tapatalk i was about to have lay with this beautiful girl that i was in love with ... she laying in bed with a 49ers jersey for women on .. i hate the 49ers btw but anyway .. yea i felt this extreme amount of ... i just got done fapping honestly .. i should probably take a nap .. do people still say fap ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk asami lilly francis murdock sent from my iphone using tapatalk sent from my iphone using tapatalk usually about 2am on any given night sent from my iphone using tapatalk amanda love on redtube sent from my iphone using tapatalk i desire success .. from something that i built myself sent from my iphone using tapatalk long live the car crash hearts sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm doing good . i always tell people no news is good news these days sent from my iphone using tapatalk i enjoyed some really nice donuts sent from my iphone using tapatalk sent from my iphone using tapatalk i had a dream i lived in my old home .. which i hated .. so that's weird sent from my iphone using tapatalk playing gta 5 sent from my iphone using tapatalk meh , that new friday the 13th game sent from my iphone using tapatalk i have a question for you all : why do we look down on women who get payed to have sex with guys ? there are women who take money from guys and never give anything back . i feel like at least the ... i wanted to find other intp's sent from my iphone using tapatalk well in a way if he decides to leave her with the tab and a cab because she's a grown woman taking advantage of him ... she deserves it .. equality it's not every time and it depends on how ... everything you said here is correct ... until you get to the bottom ... a gift is actually a bribe in the case it comes with strings a teach . this is why men now days are just buying escorts and ... here's the open discussion between two people who aren't dating each other sent from my iphone using tapatalk see ... i'll teach my daughter to not accept gifts from men she's not interested in .. that solves the problem . only accept gifts from friends and if it's really expensive and you feel like he's trying ... and sadly some women will accept the gift knowing the man's motives . it's really disgusting that some women know that when a man you barely know is treating you to expensive gifts it means he's ... yes , that as well . but it is how it works.you don't have to like it and you can be upset about it if you want but at the end of the day if someone you barely know is buying you 100 dollar gifts cards to wherever and ... well of course if you're already dating then this topic doesn't really matter . i agree edit : i mean if you want to go around buying cute girls gift then go for it.just don't complain about ... that sounds nice but it really just doesn't work like that ... those same guys that say they buy things for women and don't expect anything in return are some of the same mean that complain ... i can express myself through video more efficiently as oppose to writing . it doesn't have to be one extreme or the other .. partying like a college kid when you're a single parent is an extreme that wasn't acknowledged in the video this guy lol sent from my iphone using tapatalk '