' 7w6 sp / so 1 ) enfp 64 % 2 ) entp 8 % 3 ) infp 8 % entp - yellow and silver . my signature links to a website of personality profiles based on favourite colours . i don't know if those profiles are based on real research but colour psychology is a ... from the interpretation guidelines they send when you pay : i love having conversations with them , because they're knowledgeable and not afraid to be opinionated about topics they know well ( though some of them also about topics they don't , which is ... like this , i think ? ( from 1 minute 15 ) yes , but only at average and unhealthy levels , where sevens get anxious about getting bored before they're even bored . the fear of getting bored can suck joy out of things , making a self-fulfilling ... jacksepticeye - 6w7 markiplier - 3w2 so / sx lordminion 777 - 9w8 crankgameplays - 7w6 tyler scheid - cp 6w5 joe jo - 3w4 matt dillahunty - 8w9 marlene mc'cohen - 3w2 , maybe 2w3 entertain myself , it's no big deal . i've done the opposite . i have adhd but still used to identify as a five , but ever since i got over the social anxiety and depression caused by being on the autism spectrum and not having had a ... 5w6 i'm highly conflict avoidant with people i have any kind of existing bond with unless we're close enough that it's safe ( like family i live with ) , and do all the typical nine things in response to ... those are just lists of different possible reasons for not liking it , i think , not personality profiles . you forgot to vote , jay . :) entp-only poll please . don't read the descriptions before choosing . pick up to 3 , and share how accurate you think the descriptions are for you . ... entp , it that's pretty common for nines . couple of months ago , after an argument . it usually is bad arguments that make me cry , probably because i'm a nine . oddly , other things can make me feel at least as distressed yet i don't cry , i ... the only trend i notice is f . i think everyone i've ever had a crush on has been an f . it's true ne does not lend itself to common sense . also anybody on the autism spectrum , because that too involves a lack of common sense ( i . e . rapid or unconscious use of relevant contextual ... istp . i don't think they know what a fuck is or how to give one . interesting , we don't have that stereotype in the uk and i'm pretty sure that's because there is genuinely no correlation here , whereas there probably is due to confounding variables in some ... intx = high functioning autism and high functioning autism = intx i don't know where this stereotype comes from , but it's certainly not from time spent around large numbers of real life autistic ... in the ten years since i've known about the enneagram , i've thought my core was one , four , five and six , and seriously considered seven . just like a typical nine . :P four is the only one of those ... nine 618282 9w8 618266 wow that is a dishonest reply . you accused me personally as an individual of being in denial , purely because i was an entp and therefore you thought it must be true of me . what annoyed me was that ... i don't know what any mbti type subforum is like , i rarely look in them . were i to judge both the entp forum and your social behaviour based purely on your words in this thread , i would guess that ... rude . : mad : we're just having a pleasant discussion and you suddenly start hostile accusations about the motives of someone you've never even met ? if my motive were denial , as you imply , why on earth ... my personality changes into pure unbridled se . i seem to have none the rest of the time . i don't look in that forum much so i don't know . but i do think our need to be right , combined with our particular sense of humour , can be mistaken for a need to be cool , especially online . i think that's just the entps who are threes , as many are . i'm a nine and don't care about being popular , and i only put anyone down to make that same individual laugh , not out of competitiveness or ... you talk yourself hoarse every time you spend 6 or more hours with friends or family . nah , you're confusing wanting to be cool with just plain * being * cool . we consider it a burden , actually . : cool : five would have the strongest compulsion to gain knowledge , so i agree they would pretend in order to do so , though they would also find it more painful to pretend to believe things they thought were ... esfp istj i don't think that has anything to do with mbti , but on the enneagram : nine i don't seek attention , it comes as a side effect of seeking stimulation . i correctly guessed you were enneagram six from your first post in this thread and it sounds like your friend is probably one as well . that is likely why you share the traits you describe . entp , do you ever wonder if we're not as funny , charismatic and interesting as we think we are ? no , me neither . : tongue : i used to be the same , when i had social anxiety . when i'm not shy , i don't have to think about what to say first , it just comes out . i've heard that described as the central difference between ... i've seen research posted here before that introverts and extraverts actually both have higher levels of energy after socialising . could the belief that introverts get drained by social interaction ... i do that online and offline . i'm practicing not doing it offline but it's really hard . yeah , just do what the esfps do and use your avatar to remind everybody of the one fictional character of your type who isn't either incredibly annoying or incredibly stupid . entp : arguing with teachers . only when they got angry with me first though , because as a nine i hate falling out with anyone i previously had any kind of positive interaction with , so i can only risk ... i get along well with most people of any type , but i tend to feel the most at ease most quickly with twos and other nines . three is my security point and when i'm getting a buzz out of being in that ... i don't buy the anti-three propaganda about threes supposedly building their self-image entirely from other people's view of them . it doesn't match my experience of obvious threes at all , or of how i ... i can be a pushover , but i don't know if it's fe or because i'm an enneagram nine . dominant fe definitely does not make someone a pushover in my experience , and i don't know why tertiary fe would . 2 : don't take their positive attention personally . meaning , don't assume they're actually interested in what you're talking about or totally happy to do everything they do for you , however ... definitely sanguine , with the next-closest being phlegmatic . i'm a 9w1 so / sp entp . i'd be interested if there is any actual truth in it but i can't see see musical tastes ever being part of enneagram research . most anecdotal observations turn out to be false and shouldn't be taken ... that could just be your ni perspective-shifting and redefining , without being a core emotional strategy as similar habits are for people in the positive outlook triad . i have read that aversion to portrayals of violence and also gore / disfigurement more generally is correlated with empathy , which makes sense . i'm extremely averse to both violence and ... '