' a glorious nap . mom : esfj dad : istj sister : enfj cousin 1 : intp cousin 2 : esfp cousin 3 : istp uncle 1 : estp aunt 1 : isfp i use dove for men's thick & strong 2 - in - 1 shampoo . first of all , this reads as a potential red flag , but also doesn't seem all that surprising after looking at everything else that you've shared here . still , i'd keep an eye on that , especially if ... i've been a long time vlogbrother's fan ( since i was thirteen , so around 2007 ) and have always been able to relate far more to hank than john . i think i can believe that john uses enough of the ... your top five strongest gifts are : 1 . heart revealer ( prophet ) 2 . light giver ( teacher ) 3 . dream awakener ( apostle ) 4 . soul healer ( pastor ) 5 . story teller ( evangelist ) i'm an entp . i'm ... i'm an entp . i think this fits me fairly well . i'd never be a dancer though . or ... the maximum score for the act is a 36 and the average score is between 20 and 21 according to cliffs notes and the princeton review . from the cliffs notes link you can also see that out of the rough ... i think enfp's are awesome and definitely don't find any of the ones i know annoying . we get along like a house on fire with our ne running wild as it does . i occasionally do some volunteer work , which might not sound like fun but it definitely can be . it's also a great time waster ( in the good sense ) and a resume builder if you are lacking in that ... dad's side grandfather : istj grandmother : esfj uncle : entp aunt : isfp cousin 1 : intp cousin 2 : esfp i was diagnosed with adhd when i was 3 or 4 years old . my parent's have always described me as jumping off the wall as soon as i learnt how to walk . i suppose that's a fair assessment considering i ... that's really all that came to mind when i was reading this thread . i have this crazy feeling snake is in the title of the painting . i grew up in a pentecostal christian ( they speak in tongues , believe they can see angels and hear god and advocate for a personal relationship with god ) household in the south and i hated every ... i dated another entp guy in early 2013 that i had known for about three years beforehand . it was great at the beginning as most relationships are but eventually we crashed way too much . we completely ... what a douchebag . that's essentially him saying , i don't want to be with you anymore because this other person is obvs the one for me but can we still bang even though it's obvious that you aren't ... i wouldn't say that i keep secrets so much as i would say that i occasionally omit certain details to keep things that the general public and certain close friends are better off not knowing about ... : cool : welcome to the forum ! i'm an entp and male . personally i think you're worrying unnecessarily . i mean , has your husband mentioned any of this bothering him before or that you aren't holding up ... buffy : esfp . the girl just screams se when in the context of her slayer duties but also in normal buffy-life too , she's very in the moment , not lost in the clouds like an ne-dom would be . she's ... let's just get one misconception out of the way here : therapists aren't just for the suicidal , the so-called ' crazies ' or those who ' can't handle life . ' that's total bullshit . hell , my own therapist ... okay , well the good news is they aren't nearly as bad as you think they are ! i've taken two remedial / non-credited math classes and i'm finally getting to my college algebra requirement this coming ... my mbti type is entp and my favourite character is probably dumbledore with harry himself as a close second . even after deathly hallows and finding out all of the things dumbledore had done i ... harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban . it's probably one of my favourites in the series and i'm really enjoying re-reading it . i currently major in history and i chose it after taking a required history class for my original major ( graphic design ) , which i fell in love with . i couldn't get enough of reading about the ... jung ideal / real test results ideal you real you love never felt so good - michael jackson ft . justin timberlake being tired . i'm about to log off of my computer and go crawl in bed so i can sleep for two weeks or so . i am the dog in this picture . it's me . entp , some vague state of being in which i believe in the judeo-christian god . a chicken sandwich with mayo , tomato , lettuce and this great bread . also sweet tea and a few french fries . well , bring it on ! i'm curious if anyone thinks i've mistyped myself . how did thoughtfulthinker even find this thread ? it's more than two years old ... entp i'll be finishing up a liberal arts associates degree this fall , then i'll be studying for a ba in history with a minor in sociology ( or psychology ) at university in the spring . i'm ... welcome to pc ! leave your shoes at the door and take a load off ! also , you can post in this forum so people can try to figure out your type . wildberry poptarts . #adulting i'm currently reading harry potter and the philosopher's stone as i've decided i'm going to do a re-read of the whole series this summer . it's kind of eye opening and amazing how much i forgot about ... it's really depends on what setting i'm in and who i'm around to know whether or not i'm going to follow social norms just to get alone or whatever . i think a lot of social etiquette is ... i very rarely feel alone to be honest . i have occasionally felt lonely but in those times i call up a friend so we can hang out or get out of the house and the feeling goes away instantly . welcome to perc ! it's pretty chill as far as type theory forums go , so you should have a great time . enjoy your stay and take a load off . yooo , welcome to perc ! enjoy your stay , please take your shoes off and place them on the welcome mat , have a cookie , etc . i'm literally surrounded by sj's and grew up in a household full of them so i think i'm certified to answer these questions . 1 . ) what annoyed you most about any sj's you've known ? need to plan ... i was put into what were called ' resource ' classes in 2000 when i entered the first grade . i had adhd ( diagnosed at 3 or 4 - - i was high on the hyperactivity , believe me ) which obviously made it hard ... entp , 7w6 sp / sx mind the gap to be honest i didn't really start having sexual thoughts or desires until i was eleven and even then i didn't really understand what was going on . i grew up in a pretty religious house and stuff ... '