' our society is trained to be unable to tell the difference between compatibility and attraction . in more pragmatic societies , uninfluenced by romanticism , they don't have this problem . ... wouldn't it be nice if you people were all as special as you think you are ? like now ? kkkjkjkjkjk unleashthehounds : yeeeah , i don't think these people are going to give you good advice . your problem is waay outside the scope of anything jung ever looked at . what you're describing is not ... these things are always the exact opposite of who i am . i'm a capricorn , who's supposed to be stable and reliable and stuff ... this thing agrees , only , this is not me . at all . i'm a loner , a ... online tests , i ususually get between 120 and 145 or so . big range , eh ? in highschool , they tested me and i came out as 138 . i'll second that it doesn't really indicate anything other than your ... ok , according to scientists who are smart and like ... know shit , this test has absolutely nothing to do with hemisphere dominance , since the perception in a lack of depth cues occurs entirely in the ... cats . they're just so damn cute and awesome and they purr at you and make biscuits and all kinds of awesome stuff . dogs are nice , but they're just so hyper and weird . they also smell bad , and ... just goes to show that myers-briggs can't predict who's going to get along with who . i envy you . i would fucking stab him . nah , unrequited love is nowhere near as painful as living around people who hate you every day . the tests are usually pretty bad anyway . badly phrased questions because they don't really filter out your motivations , and how you come to your decision . like you said , you may just be going to ... i'm not really up on philosophy , since i don't really have the patience for it , but i like a lot of ideas from eastern philosophies , even if i'm probably picking and choosing components of their ... judging by the jungian descriptions , i'd say i'm 60 % fi , 40 % ti . that is to say , i related to the fi description a bit more than the ti one ... and that i'm pulling those numbers out of my ass . ... topics like this are kind of disingenuous to me . yes ! ( what do you mean it has to be ten characters long ? ) they're really easy to talk to , but be prepared for everything between you to be cold and distant . my best friend for around ten years was an intp . while he had feelings and crap , they weren't ... enneagram doesn't really measure something innate , like mbti . so , you mean like humphrey bogart or ray romano ? there are a lot of girls who like them . i still haven't figured them out , but they're awesome , especially because they give me hope that the pua ... seconded . i can't really explain it , but ... i'm such an idealist , i guess , that once i see some glimpse of a better way to live , i just grasp it and can't let go . if it entails becoming clingy ... these are just the men unfortunate enough to have shown low social value , and therefore become objects of their disgust . if that same loser guy was able to show high social value , then they would be ... ( edit : lots of personal info , but hell , i'll go ahead and vent . you people don't know me . you don't know what i got ! ) the saddest thing is , they don't realize it . they think that they're just ... hahahah , probably not . and if so , they're likely already taken since that's the number one thing that puts women off of most men . people are all so ready to talk about how men think with their ... she sounds adorable i'm all for the no-compromises approach to living , never faking anything , but seriously , it's not at all realistic . everyone has to fake being some way from time to time , whether it's faking ... :/ it's awful that you feel that way . have hope , though ... most everyone in the world has done that sort of thing , and i'm sure your soulmate , or whoever ends up making you the most happy would not ... the worst thing is it's probably because you like them , and make it transparent that this is the case , that they don't like you - _ - yep . i still yearn for stuff and act like a major doofus , but ... i was raised an atheist , and i'm a little bit sad about that . i hear stories from my friends about how they would pray with utmost sincerity , and really believed that there was a god looking out for ... oy gevalt ! stop thinking this way , it will only bring you pain ! i know exactly how you feel ! but seriously , stop this . this is classic si-fi loop , where emotions , both negative and positive ... this is not worth dedicating all this thought and energy to . just go and talk to her . damn your aspirations , and what you believe your life will be with her . if you continue to think that it's ... this is probably tangential , but the most infuriating thing that ever happened to me was this guy i knew in high school was a huge jerk to me in front of other people , but when i was the only person ... almost always something small and fast , and with an awesome melee attack . or something skinny and tall , with a really good ranged attack . i like to think of my characters as either easy going , ... i prefer to point out hypocrisy . : b that's really not normal . everyone has at least some sex drive , even if they never think about it . we're going to have to face it ... as horrible as this is , women like jerks . as a matter of fact niceness in a man actually elicits a disgust reaction . this is why women will pull away from you ... not really comfortable with it , honestly . the people in my real life have always had a really extremely twisted view of it . for example , one time , i was watching this weird video on the ... i know . this is why i've loved computers in general ever since i was a kid . they're not judgmental ; all they do is help . if you speak their language , they're infinitely faithful , and won't leave ... damn , man . this is why i wish i was an intj . they're thinkers , with an extraverted judging function , and they can get things done , but there's just something so ... magical and uncanny about their ... are you done nit-picking ? i know , i dislike that too . being made the center of attention ... blegh . hahah , i agree , not worth it . i did this when i was a kid , maybe sixth or seventh grade . i actually knew back then about myers briggs , i've always been interested in this sort of thing . i ... just one friend i met over the internet . i have another friend who is sort of close , but he's an intp , and is not interested in feelings and stuff , even though for the most part we see the world ... really , the myers briggs profile is not the be all end all of your personality ... i don't even like when people call their four-letter code their personality . it isn't . all that code tells you ... i completely understand enjoying sadness . i just think it's tragic , especially years down the road , looking back on those times . are unhappy and sad the same thing ? i've spent the last ... well , most of my life generally unhappy . i'm changing things now , and i'm not as unhappy anymore . i explained everything i can think of in that post ... do you mean to ask what fi is ? fi is introverted feeling , the dominant function of infp . it reacts strongly to situations , such as ... sounds a little like what would be diagnosed as ocd . i used to have something that was the same , i'd have words that i'd latch on to , which i'd use to deaden my thoughts . i'd use it whenever i was ... i like soul , but not for that reason . i like any kind of music where someone is just singing their heart out , ( often times if they can't even sing ! ) and soul is pretty much the epitome of that , ... had only a few friends . basically , the first group of people to accept me i hung out with until graduation . it was very empty . i had no idea how to connect with people on a deep level like i ... i definitely have this ... but i don't believe it's a necessary counter-balance to our good experiences . i think that it's an acquired taste , like coffee . for me , there's just something so ... ... '