' do we tend to be fickle lovers ? if so , why ? and how might it be changed ? yes .. it feels just like im always behind glass .. on the outside looking in . all . the . time . it's lonely but i cant just shut it down , it doesnt work that way . i move my mouth sometimes when ppl are talking to me , it helps me clarify the information im intaking sometimes . also , i move my fingers alot when my mind gets overative , or if im trying to think ... only the ones who feel like i owe them , i think . most ppl probably wouldnt notice and those who did either wouldnt care for a very long time and or would use my absence as an opportunity to talk more ... frack , . this is killing me . and i dont have time to die right now . depth ... it's not worth it to live in a way that is contrary to one's nature for the sake of others . ^ ^ ^ thank you for that , .. and i hope your situation gets better . i'll wait patiently for someone to answer that as well ... my best childhood friend died when we were 20 ... i didnt cry , not even when i would go home and begin to dial his number like always and remember that he was not going to answer anymore . i went ... i don't trust ppl's intentions either . i still act as though i do though .. even when i know better and when i know things arent right and i cant trust people , .. my feelings get the better of me and i ... i love fiercely , .. but i also fear losing myself in others . i think for me the issue goes back and forth between this and what rbgj says . curious , ... apparently many of us are uncomfortable with the idea of being in one place too long , have trouble sticking with certain jobs , trouble sticking with school , trouble deciding on and ... yes . i'm trying to figure out a way to make it work again . i'm that person and sometimes i feel like im kind of stepping into someones space when i ask them if they wanna do something or try to plan something . i hate being the one to call and such as well ... music . words . energy . seeking . exactly ! i especially appreciate are people really like that ? .. i know that feeling too . i usually push ppl away and shut them out but sometimes anymore , i guess i just feel much more aware of my alone-ness ... sometimes it's not as comfortable as it had been ... whew ! someone finally said it ... oh i agree that infp can be manipulative , i just dont think its common specifically to infp . i think in you'r case its probably an individual matter . i would not think that to be true at all . i think if most infp had to be known for not telling the whole truth it would only be because we think we are protecting someone or something similar . that ... yes ... i laugh when ppl cry sometimes , and when they confide that they have life threatening illness ... when ppl get physically hurt , .. when therere is a fight sometimes , .. at funerals , and in the face ... lol ... all ive ever had pretty much are male friends , and i think that is a ridiculous assumption . however , that's partly why i'm here , i suppose .. i just dont really grasp any common brand of ... removed ... ok ... i have never called myself dating anyone . i have a lot of male friends and have had many romantic relationships , but ive never let anyone call time spent together before relationships dating ... i'm afraid of change not happening enough . lksdfjlskdjflskdfj i think its sad that ther is a holiday to remind ppl to show affection to their lovers . i think its even sadder that without the holiday , some ppl actually never would show their lovers any kind of ... i absolutely tend to attract the wrong kind of people . ive been pretty naive in the past and wanted to see the good in every one so ive fallen into some pretty crazy traps . fortunately , those ... your post made my week . absolutely love it :) lol you guys are awesome . :) invader zim reminds me of times with my best friend when we were younger . gir reminds me of myself sometimes . oh ! and hi and welcome , too :) haha i knew you were going to be infp as soon as i began to read the intro . wow ... i personally can't understand how anyone would view masturbation as cheating . seems natural , healthy and even necessary to me , in or out of a relationship . i think its because we dont speak much too . i havent been as invisible as i'd like so much , but i learned to be invisible more the quieter i am . and yeah .. it seems like the less you speak the less ... i look away a lot of time too , eye contact freaks me out sometimes .. but sometimes if someone smiles at me that i dont know , in public and looks into my eyes , it makes me smile too .. sometimes i burst ... i've dated a few istj . i personally don't think i'm compatible with them for the most part . regardless of the type , it's never good if your emotional needs arent being met in a relationship . exactly how i feel . i always felt like numbers kind of bounce off my face when i look at them . yes . absolutely . emotion can get overwhelming to me to the point that it seriously disgusts me . i'm not good at consoling people . i care about people , but i want to care from a distance . if i see someone cry , i ... omg i love henry ! his words do make me feel like he knows me .. <3 <3 if you like that , you should read his books , he is brilliant . it likely depends on the situation , i think infp are just passionate people . yeah ... high . dax riggs afi alice in chains acidbath slipknot agents of oblivion the american tragedy brand new me fist and the gimme gimmes rise against natural born killers has been my favorite movie forever . i also like black snake moan beloved memoirs of a geisha v for vendetta seven pounds the color purple i dislike saw / hostel as ... henry rollins , dax riggs , my pops , my best friend . libertarian and bi . passion . sure . it fits me w / the exception of the clothing as well . '