' what exactly am i doing ? i asked a question ... i left this open for discussion , i did not take a position before asking the question ... it is and was open to discussion with no intention on ... nell jamaia i have actually thought about this situation for years . not being crass but i have previously considered everything you've both just said . i am pro-life for some of these very ... this exact comment is why i said i was done a long time ago ... ill suffice it to say that this is the one situation in america where people are okay denying what should be a constitutional right to an ... there are numerous situations in which two people find themselves at odds over life altering decisions capable of affecting them financially , physically , and / or emotionally . in all other cases ... i . e ... i can appreciate your concern , but we cannot limit a persons civil liberties based on our fear of what happens when we let them exercise said liberties . you do realize that all of those situations ... you aren't the one i was saying deals the punishment ... i am saying that society in general stereotypes men ( somewhat justifiably ) and the laws reflect an attitude supportive of the stereotypes , much ... i understand . i beg to differ in a few ways , but for the most part i will agree and say this needs to change . in the case of what i was suggesting , once a father says i want this child , he would be ... i find one of my pet peeves in part of what you said ... most men . i get it ... i genuinely do . but is it fair to punish those of us who strive to be different and break the mold , because of the ... nell , i do not intend to take the implications of pregnancy too lightly . however , i do hold the value of a child's life in a position of higher importance . ( this is typically where the disagreements ... i know ... firsthand . i am not going to divulge details , but suffice to say that i have been the shoulder the tears of a not-present-by ... schrodinger slacker armchaircommie you have both missed the point ... let's say the cake is already in the oven because a man and a woman decided to have sex . there was no conscious decision to have ... i pretty much do islandlight ... i pretty much do . i have watched his mother lose him with her terrible decisions ... he has pulled away from her in recent years . and yes i have talked to him and i have ... the actual fuck is that most people see the problem with the taking away of freedom of choice ( based on factors ( skin color ) beyond their control ) from people of african american descent ... but yet do ... so since michael jackson's skin bleaching went so well , we should advise that those of african american descent should drop the civil rights movement , and either bleach their skin or exercise their ... as a matter of fact , you already know i do ... conversing about it is rather pointless , as we will inevitably agree to disagree . again , i will agree to disagree . i would not buy into the pro-abortion propaganda campaign simply because of statements such as it is her body , her choice . i refuse buy into a theory that discounts ... schrodinger slacker ... i have to disagree with you here . i am a father , and that is my credentials for speaking on this ... not that it gives any more / less weight to my opinion , but hear me out ... we ... my bathroom reading material ... how about the one thing you would save in the event of a house fire ... sent ... in this case ... handguns me either lol . no seriously , what i'm getting at is a shotgun and a pistol are not defined by the round they fire ... hard to get away with carrying a true to definition shotgun , regardless of what ... can i borrow your spot when no one is using it ... please ? it's just so damn serene sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm not a shotgun guy ... but i'd guess the 20 gauge slug is a bit more powerful ... but the 357 is a pistol round . it's apples to oranges from an application / feasibility / concealable stand point ... the super mag and the maximum are the exact same other than one thing ... the casing length is like . 005 shorter on the maximum ... today the terms may be used interchangeably but there is a slight ... 357 remington maximum was also around this time ... i'm guessing 357 supermag sent from my iphone using tapatalk my replica of a ar - 15 airsoft replica sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'll tackle this since i'm standing here impatiently ... your actual vehicle sent from my iphone using tapatalk i was trying to put an end to this madness [ emoji 13 ] ... ok truth be told i'm absent minded ! how about ... the view from your favorite spot to hide from everyone else ? ? eryngo .. i also used the past ... anyway to veto the requested pic ? i'm only doing this so you can get passed this darkbarlowhttp :/ / uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20160618/e42b353560f160ec1487a6e96b422452.jpg sent from my iphone using ... share some of their best and i'll take a listen . it may be after i sleep but i'll check them out ! if you've never seen them live ... you should . i'd invite you along with me ... but yes sweden is a long ... i noticed you liked the tool videos ibe shared ... not sure if you live close to any venues but they have another tour firing up later this year ... going ! saw them in january but confucius say you can ... that actually exists ? it has a good sound to it ... not my usual flavor , as i like harder rock usually sent from my iphone using tapatalk reminds me of something from a porn scene [ emoji 12 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk yea probably funnier than the knock off ... but still ... i mean who names their son ashtray ? just read over ( most of ) the wikipedia article on house of mirth . sounds like ( if well written ) could be a great literary work ! i'm going to need you to return my pressure cooked , oily , salted maize ... i'm still watching i like his focus on deep character development . he can get silly with it sometimes , but for the most part he does a great job of making his fictional characters seem not so fictional ... or maybe , just ... 538834 welcome back kaleidoscope grisham-a time to kill . i am drawn to the duality of what is just vs what is lawfully just .. i suppose . i also admire the character / struggle of jake brigance as he really finds out what he is all ... that awkward moment ... good eye ! easily one of the funniest movies ... ever thought i was the only one who noticed that . lol u ... s ... s ... r ? ? ? < < < and the look on their faces ... blahahahahahahahahahahahaaa willful retardation at it's finest indeed it is ! ! great stuff hey , wassup ... i said do we have a problem , huh , toothpick ? ? ? smokeafish ... you can answer whatever question you think i asked ... because i pretty much wanted to know opinions on this from whatever angle people choose to take ... the question was vague so as to not ... are you serious right now ? 538233 and if someone else were armed and took a stand against the gunmen / gunman ... i imagine several of these would have been saved ... you would give one of those away ? ? in that case .. grandmaster yoda ... i don't really play games , and would like to be introduced ... would you help show me the ropes please ? i was thinking ff 7 ... especially with a remake coming :) xsfj parents interact with their nt children ? to what degree or on what level ? reminds me of someone ... more specifically , what comes to mind when i read between their words . incubus kick day ... repeat until ears bleed :( ... '