' i cry quite frequently . at the typically sad stuff but also moments when the character achieves some goal of sorts . the last movie that i've seen and cried was cloud atlas .. that had my eyes wet at ... hi :) i just wanted to share a video i made a little ago . my apologies in advance , it is not very well thought out or informative .. but i so enjoy watching others videos on type , so wanted to add . i'm ... i'm quite surpised that no one responded to this thread ! unrequited love has been the bane / joy of my life before i knew that such a term existed . i can remember pining after boys who never knew i ... my love fiona apple said it best you'll never feel the heat of this soul / my fever burns me deeper than i've ever shown to you like you op since age 8ish , i've always had a steady ... i tend to talk pretty fast , and slur my words together . i try to figure out when i started speaking so fast . i think part of it comes from being a new yorker , and another from coming from a big and ... cuddling is sooo much better than sex . warm skin to skin cuddling with some kissing ... oh yeah . that's actually the biggest part of being single that i don't like . i'm actually ... are you okay ? ( asked when i do my zone away into the fifth dimension when in a crowded room and i'm perfectly content ) yes , yes , and yes . ever since i was younger , i would pore over my fathers national geographic subscription and dream . i'm actually thinking of going back into teaching as a career . for me , it seems ... i'm aquarius rising , virgo sun , and sag moon ... i think it explains some of my contradictory ways ... none of those signs fit together . interestingly , my best friends have always been aquarians and ... let me give the obligatory deep yet true response : i really don't want anything . christmas was tainted when i was 12 and realized the gross materialism that it produced in my peers and myself . i ... all the freak frack day ! i have the most interesting conversations with myself , we get real deep , lol , or with an imaginary person in my head ! i'll have convos where i'm asking myself ... very wise words infpblog .. couldn't agree more . i could have saved myself a few thousand dollars and an extra year of college if i wasn't so stuck on finding the perfect major , perfect job , passion ... have to job , but def not high pay ! but it's helping me pay off undergrad student loans as well as take classes in a diff field ( speech therapy ... not a passion , but i enjoy it ) while i'm working . ... 90 % of my life i've been single ... the other 10 % in some crazy sort of something . single now . i concur . i don't know what it is about ny , but these menfolks here ... yeah , i think an infj or intj would be so wonderful to meet . seems like a good combo of intellligence , spirit , depth ... i tend to attract two types ... no lie . 1 . alternative spirituality .. possibly a raw foodist or vegan . career is in something creative...restaraunter/marketing..have some sort of creative ... a skinny pear , or a ruler with a booty . i'm 5 ' 10 , 32-27- 37 ... i so wish i had boobs . : crying : yeah , i've accepted it as a part of life ... part of my inner cycles . generally , my short term mood coincides with pms to be honest . i haven't experienced a long bout of depression in a few years ... i'm sorry , just skimmed so i may be repeating ... the color purple ... my most favorite movie ever ! i've seen it at least 100x and makes me cry always . harold and maude the eighth day ... this really ... you're so young , so taking a break from dating can be a good thing . it gives you more time to develop yourself . i'm happy that i didn't start to seriously date until i was around 24 ... i can imagine ... i just turned 28 and i'm entering that age where my eggs are starting to wither and my mom says when seeing a handsome and well to do man you guys would make some pretty babies ... :d ry : for the ... us ... nyc born and raised . i'm so happy to see my dear thom yorke included here . i also think mj and fiona apple as well . before filling out a 40 page booklet detailing your entire life from kindergarten till now , including every job ever had ( there's too many ) and explaining what you did in between job breaks to ... oh yes . i've gone through so many differnt looks since teenagedom , it's ridiculous . now that i'm older , i can't just shave my hair whenever i get a whim , which is why i love wigs . fashionwise though , ... theres a supplement msm that i've read has given many people very vivid dreams . i used to take it frequently as it's good for your hair , skin , and nails , and didn't notice a difference , but my dream ... yes to your whole post ! i really enjoy your vids . i'm still trying to figure out my personality , though i've tested infp like 85 % of the time . i think i'm like you , maybe a bit more extraverted at ... i used to teach and this was one of the reasons why i stopped ... there are several . the students never seemed to get the fact that i was an adult and figure of authority . i'm late 20s , but i would ... yes . i've never cartwheeled for fear of breaking my neck , somersaulted or felt safe enough to climb jungle gyms . my mom meant well though , but i do feel like i may have been more adventuresome in a ... for clothing , grays and creams . otherwise shades of turquoise , deep greens , royal blue , and wines . i like most colors . yes and no . if it's a cockroach , i go into killer warrior mode and will get on all fours , knock over things , do a backflip , anything to get to it and kill it . but i've always had interesting ... very much so , though i suspect that everypne lives a secret lifestyle in some sort of way . i know for me , that there are some things that will never , ever , ever be uttered to another human ... lol ! that was essentially the convo i had with my friend ... she's like , errum , why can't his kids just come to paris .. then i made that leo face . i was going to suggest talking to a friend who can help you out . though i completely understand where you're coming from . i feel like my thoughts can come about as spokes , then each spoke will ... i've gotten 4w5 and 9w1 , though i don't feel either description really fits . there are aspects of 4w5 i've read that sound entirely too self centered and dramatic to me , and parts of 9w1 that sound ... i've never been to sd before , but drooled over the open spaces when i googled ! there has to be a middle ground somewhere . i wish there was a way to teleport at will . i'd live in some beautiful ... i've seen it twice ... namely because i've developed a crush on joseph-gordon levitt : tongue : ! i don't think of it as being very infp , though , it was a very awesome film . i've been in new york city my entire life and i want out ... now ! though there's plenty of things to do , cafes , restaurants , arts . etc . , it's terribly expensive , very dirty , crowded , and very ... honestly ... i've jokingly ( somewhat serious ) asked my father if he could just marry me off to one of his well employed co-workers . i think arranged marriages have their place in certain ... i often wish i could skip past the entire dating period / introductions / getting to know you's , and automatically find myself in a long term , passionate yet comforting relationship with the love of my ... - d-day . for some reason , i have several early childhood memories of watching the news or hearing storries about doomsday ( as related to nuclear war ) . i used to be terrified ! - aliens ... seems like ... if someone did that to me , i might actually call him . but yeah , just nicely ask her what she's reading and judge her reaction / body language to see if you should continue conversing , or just ... radiohead street spirit i forgot how much i absolutely love this song ... le sigh . ^ ^ ^ ethanol ... every single word i agree with . i need to get to the bottom of this typing thing . i've tested most frequently as infp , but also as infj , isfj , and intj . it's annoying and i wish i ... i make sure to never get caught . though sometimes on the subway esp . , if i find someones face interesting , it's like i can't stop my eyes from glancing at them continously . i make sure to bring a ... i'm focusing on your 1 , 2 , and 5 section , as their the most related . for now maybe you can get a job as a counselor of sorts ( youth maybe ... or mentally disabled adults ) , maybe work in a health ... according to my mother , a speed demon . i'm very cautious though . i like driving , it helps me to be more aware of my surroundings . can't really daydream while driving ... though it's happened before . i was a good girl up until age 20 . never did any drugs , got great grades , never had any secret boyfriends or girlfriends for that matter , very virginal , bookish and somewhat prudish . i had a ... self absorbed yet open ? standoffish but sweet ? who knows ... if you don't mind , what are your long term goals ? i completely feel you on hating doing crap short term work ... there's a reason i have 3 different resumes for different fiields , ... but i think it's ... '