' what does ^ ~ ^ mean ? this is one i have not quite understood anyhow , what are your favorite emojis and meanings ? no no . anyone can say they are a christian ... and not share bread of life ;) romans 1:16 new international version ( niv ) 16 for i am not ashamed of the gospel , because it is the power of god that brings salvation to everyone who believes : first to the jew , then to the gentile ... he is plotting to kill you . : rolleyes : why ? are there any enfp christians here ? writing her a song , with an island feel to it . . perhaps , something not mushy , not too silly .. but something that might hit her sweet spot there would be no preference ? how does an infj tell an enfp about their feelings ... what would be the best way ? direct ? indirect ? slowly indirect to direct ? write a song and sing it to enfp ? make little hints with sharing ... thats cool , the enfp i love .. i didn't even know she was an enfp , she told me a few days ago and asked me if i knew about mbti ( yup i do ) .. and i knew exactly what that meant when she said she was ... i think your avatar sums up my feelings for enfp girl ... it is the death of me but so good i dont even think about it . lol enfp have silent careers just curious if its true about enfj and infj matching up really well . what would you say is the best thing and worst thing about this match ? : exterminate :: cool : 549234 set up a death camp instead hitler . typical estj i dont advocate suicide , i am not suicidal , i just have anger and frustration ... why is a big question i constantly ask about everything.why do we have to work , suffer , pay bills , live in ... i want what youre smoking i wish i was never fucking born . nah . my masculinity is defined by the courage jesus had when he lived life on earth . thats a real man . thank you andre the giant :D i try to exercise , its not easy for me to gain weight ( im 130 at most ) and i lift properly , etc ... my body metabolizes food at such a fast rate its ridiculous . plus i cant exactly afford the best ... i know 3 couples that are : infj male / infp female , and all of them were engaged in under a year and getting happily married very soon ive been through 5 jobs since last year , im unemployed again . i dont have very many friends , only 5 and of the 5 only 3 aee in the same state as me but only 1 is usually able to hangout once in a ... the main theme is cool too , but i like these  did you listen to the antman soundtrack ? i love it , its quirky i want to do brass because i really would love to make soundtrack music , starting with movie trailer compositions . was it because brass section instruments are in so many different keys and clefs ? it ... so then arranging for brass sections would be difficult even if i play guitar which has multiple strings for building triads ? i will definitely look into that book , i was also looking at a book called ... thank you , i hear this music in my head , i just dont know the technical aspects of composing although i can read music for classical guitar . what is the name of the kind of studying you did ? ive ... oh by the way sainz danse macabre is definitely what i consider to be close to my style in melodic scales . tchaikovsky as well , something about the russian and french / spanish composers just seems to ... thats interesting . i did take 1 course in music theory at a community college ( ive been classically trained since age 6 on guitar ) , i have a gift for playing and can hear music in my head . when i ... ive been composing music nots not easy , im disillusioned right now because these people i meet pretend to be honest and never are brave enough to be honest oops yeah nf , but i guess thats ok , i forgot to put it into nf category . she already told me she didnt want to go on a date 3 weeks ago after canceling plans 2 times on me mshe was super flakey . i ... did you go to college or know music theory ? i compose classical guitar music , real classical . i want to talk to a professional composer after a text convo ... it took 3 weeks for her to respond and her response was : hey ! i just wanted to let you know that i'm in a relationship now . i wanted to tell you this because i didn't want you ... i want some advice from professional composers , if there are any here . terrible actor ? or genius ? carbon based life form :P it is probably one of the most wise sayings anyone has ever said about opposing an adversary or entering a challenge . to get lost in a battle , or fight , losing your self worth and identity for the ... many times i feel like just dying , its not that easy . i agree , i cant help others until im healed and im trying to heal . i admit i want love to make me happy too . i can find joy in my faith and in ordinary things daily but happiness is different , thats ... public transportation in my city is amongst the worst in the nation , its very difficult to get anywhere , im trying to get hired nearby . i want a production studio to do all of it from art ro music to ... i made my ronin warrior sculpture while listening to this song , i visualized dualing samurais fighting on a hill top in cloudy windy weather ... did you take psychology ? i probably do hate myself in some ways , definitely insecure how i look i started dancing to try to overcome my problems , its helping a little . i dont have a car , its very difficult to do what i need to do carbon atom  '