' can i give my honest thought here and say that i believe these are general flaws of people , and infjs are not more prone to them than any other type ... i've seen these tendencies in various people , ... controlling is about making things predictable and fit a certain framework . the reason you would do that would be if you really care about some aspect of your life ( or someone else's for that ... math is much much more than relying on logic , calculating numbers , or proving obscure theorems . studying math opens doors to understanding and interacting with the fabric of reality . it matters not ... i've actually written down portions of my thoughts a few times . that certainly helped me to terminate thought recursion . but the emotional aspect is still unclear . no matter how much i scrutinize ... i identify as : biologically female , with a gender-neutral consciousness my sexual orientation is : asexual ; possibly aromantic , unless a miracle happens and i find myself unable to rationalize my way ... i can't hold grudges so i don't have any exciting revenge stories to tell . i'm not sure if i feel any particularly strong emotions to begin with . that kind of limits my actions toward other people ... giant wall of text ... sorry . i've been observing myself for quite some time now , and i've drawn the tentative conclusion that i sorely lack self-knowledge and self-understanding in the emotion ... i wouldn't know . never allowed excessive amounts of alcohol into my system . i'd rather get drunk on pleasant ambience than by ingesting organic compounds . besides , i can't tolerate the taste ... right now every conceivable side of life is tough . i'm flailing against life itself , in its entirety . i've never felt so illuminated and lost at the same time . i have gained so much knowledge of ... first of all ... i see you are a fan of the troperiffic shizuma . nice to meet you . as for your question , i had to bitterly chuckle at myself upon reading it . i do not intend to speak for your friend ... i possess no scale with which to weigh my contributions to a relationship against my friends ' contributions . we are talking about incommensurable things . i'm quite a bit of a recluse and i rarely ... i think ... we may be some of the most self-absorbed people . self-deprecating yet elitist , selfless yet jealous , open yet unapproachable , clear-sighted yet utterly confused . what a diabolical mess . in ... aww , i feel a bit broken compared to y'all . i have never fallen in love . physical pain i can endure without a problem , but emotional turmoil i cannot . and i probably have some kind of inferiority ... what if you do both ? i'm highly skeptical that such a distinction can be made . images evoke all kinds of thoughts and feelings in me . i'm not limited to only one side of looking at a picture . it ... i'll likely laugh along if the joker is a dear friend . otherwise ... well , i wouldn't be talking seriously to them in the first place . it's extremely difficult for me to keep a straight face , but ... to indulge in flowery language , i haven't bloomed yet ( college student here ) and i do not intend to bloom any time soon . it is possible that i am not a flower but rather a decorative rock in the ... to further entertain this topic with quantum theory , we can never be sure of both where we are and where we are going . unlike straight lines in a cartesian coordinate system . the element of ... i see any form of deception as a wall . everyone lies to present the image of themselves they wish to project onto society . so i have great trouble when people lie ( whether its an omission , a ... my experience with my isfj mother is that she must have the assurance that i'm taking care of myself above all else . there have been disagreements over moderately important matters of life ( nothing ... character traits and behavior tendencies aside ( because we can arrive at the same outward result by different means ) , i'll try to express my understanding of ni vs si . this is all just my impressions ... here's where the diversity of human relationships really shines . i'm an infj with an isfj mother . your post made me try to imagine what it'd be like if my mom and i switched roles . a strange ... researching as in finding tons of articles on what i'm interested in so that i can learn more and more about awesome things ? yes , of course . researching as in doing labwork and conducting the ... i am a neophyte on this as well . but i've experienced that too much introversion leads to me feeling incompetent and miserable . fe is supposed to be a very strong function in me , but i noticed that ... it is futile to aspire to carry the weight of an infj's world ( she won't let you ) . i believe infjs just simply cannot allow other people to do so much for them and integrate so much into their lives ... i am suddenly very curious about the kinds of relationships infjs on this forum have with their parents , parent , or any guardians . what do you appreciate and admire about them ? what frustrates you ? ... i would say that there really isn't a sharp line between loving someone deeply and being in love with them . you can be in love with your friends without any of the connotations of physical and ... let me preface this by saying i went and read all of your letters . from june of 2010 to april of 2012 . you leave me with a potent concoction of impressions . i am at a complete loss as to where to ... i confess that i didn't like one of my math teachers in high school becase he had a large hooked nose and hair gelled up to a point at the front that made him resemble a bird that looked too human ... misleading question . no one can hurt infjs more than they hurt themselves . rest assured that the infj will do your job for you . they are the biggest masochists . just get some popcorn , grab a cushion , ... it's hard for people like us to be happy . - my mom bright laughter , loneliness is the one friend who stays with you when everyone else is gone . not really , but yes really . at the edge of the world , at the edge of humanity , there i stand in ... you are an awfully cheerful addition to the forums . which is a great thing . don't mind my lack of enthusiasm . i'm very giddy on the inside . uh ... well , i'll make an effort for you . oh my giraffes , ... you know , i felt almost the opposite when i read your post at first . but then i found a point . revenge is not part of my vocabulary , but justice sure is . why ? ? the eternal question ! must be as ... wow , fe is just getting pummeled by ti . that shadow fi must be the buff right hand man . what an unfair fight [ understatement ] . i'm guessing those results are from the keys 2 test ? i remember very ... i think my se is in a chaotic state . considering i've been slowly boiling inside a pot of stress for some months , i'm having a lot of si and fi tendencies . i feel like i'm trying to muffle my se all ... i do try to qualify my generalizations derived from friends by saying things like just with my [ type ] friend / family member as an example . also , my friends and family relations are pretty spread out ... i feel most like myself when i have only my thoughts as company . where i don't get automatically cast into a certain role , whichever role is needed . being with people makes me behave in ways that i ... my fear of rejection is on the same wavelength as my fear of making people uncomfortable . making them uncomfortable will lead to them avoiding me , essentially rejecting me . rejection is a very ... i am not a guy ( stating the obvious ) , but maybe you'll find something useful in my jumble of words ? in short , i just don't act like myself . perhaps more accurately , i just don't feel like i'm ... all three concepts exist in me vying for my permanent commitment to a single one . i'd love to just be my own version of a stoic and render such internal conflicts obsolete . i'm sorry i cannot ... i'm not sure if i've ever exploded at anyone . probably not if i can't recall such a momentous event in my life . i think i replied to a similar thread before saying that i find it ( almost ? ) ... i can hardly figure myself out . if anyone can do that for me , i'll personally provide a lifetime supply of ice cream to them . some people think i'm easy to figure out . they can predict that i ... arghhh , you infps frustrate me to no end . and it's ridiculous because i can't leave you alone . imagine the above two sentences being embellished with my wildly flailing arms . also , feel free to ... this is the kind of attitude i half admire . it's amazing how many extraordinary feats of cowardice i perform simply because the image i've forged for myself cannot perfectly translate into reality ... i had a conversation with a very good friend today in which i told him , i think it's ironic that i'm probably the most arrogant person you've met . he agreed . this is someone who always tells ... almost the same experience i have with my mom . i'd like to argue that my mom understands me the most out of all the people in my life . which isn't much , but it's a level of understanding that gives ... i scored 19 . rice pudding is delicious . i've never seriously believed in psychic abilities , and i've never encountered them either . a few times i experienced deja vu of new things , but that's the ... i'm a scorpio with sp / so / sx . i'm totally not like the typical description of a scorpio , but i think sometimes my desire for things to be the way i envision them to be overtakes me and i can become ... i defaultly stutter a thank you . and look at my shoes , or out the window , or at some invisible shiny object off in the distance . that's become an automatic response . i also sometimes utter weird ... nuhhh , why are you so mean to meee ? that , usually accompanied by a pathetic boohoo , is what my friends spout out when i mercilessly tease them . my esfp friend wacks her water bottle over my ... '