' i have not found love . i have high standards . it really depends . if i like him , i would be friendly toward him , trying to get to know him better if i don't like him , i would still be friendly with him , but i would not be flirty or smile , or ... i find entjs charming and irresistible . the type that i am attracted to have been entjs . as an infp , my predilection have always been an entj . whenever i am in the arms of an entj , i always feel ... infps are very complex creatures . we are not the kinds to throw ourselves at someone . instead , we may have the tendency to avoid someone we like - - just to avoid falling in love with them . i think you have low esteem . try to build yourself up first . learn to love yourself first before thinking about loving someone else . no . i prefer to be invisible . don't like to be on the spot light . the question above . don't you wish that you don't have them ? would life be so much easier if you are numb to feelings ? don't you wish you are like intps ? phlegmatic , stoic , cold , robotic , and unemotional ? how do you ... i have a b . a in psychology . doing psychology was too easy for me as i got straight a's in all those classes . science , chemistry , and math are the classes that are challenging to me . when i was in ... the majority of people i am attracted to have been xntjs because i feel that they understand us or that we intuitively understand each other without having to spell out everything . xntjs are very ... i hate having to repeat myself smile why do you look so sad why are you so quiet where would you live ? in fairly tales world what ’ s your transportation ? magic flying carpet what would you create / do that would change the world ? eliminate all estjs because they are bullies ... thank you . your reply is so motivating . i thought all infps have math and science phobia . i find that some people like ntjs are attracted to us but i have no idea why . i have seen a lot of threads in the past about ntjs liking us . what is it about us that are appealing to ntjs ? my mood don't change . i am pretty stable for better or for worse . i have heard infps become writers and artists but can they become something like pharmacists ? without the t , is it next to impossible to study chemistry , math , science , etc . ? from the movie , life of pi , the character who portraits the young adult pi , is he an infj ? or an intj ? he may be an intj because he is very strategic , how he manages to survive in those most ... so , the situation is this .. what would you do if you have a feeling that someone is observing you , like studying you . you feel uncomfortable and you wish that he would stop because his actions make ... i procrastinate only when i have to do something i don't like doing ( i . e . , chores , dishes ) , but when i am passionate about something ( i . e . , studying my favorite subject , reading a favorite book ) , i ... i act childlike sometimes . can't help it . whimsical is the right word for it . yes . you are . don't lie . i think you are depressed . take some prozac and you will feel so much better . i feel bad for them . there's always hope . youcan't kill yourself over every obstacle in life . take life as a challenge . you can only become stronger as you go . think positive . there's always a light ... to me , it depends on the situation . i used to have a lot of pride but you can't get very far if you dwell on your pride . you have to let loose and think of the best solution to the situation ... i don't like people asking me questions i don't like to answers . most of the time , i just prefer people not asking me questions . i like to be left alone and have all the time being in my own mind ... i would daydream all time . sit under a tree , read a book , a walk in the garden , plant some flowers , paint , decorate my house , etc . take afternoon naps . go shopping . go to the book store . my ... i am , on the other hand , very motivated . the only time i feel unmotivated is when i am depressed , but once i find out why i am depressed and solve the issue i would go back to being motivated . i just ... nonchalant . don't give a sh ! t about what everyone says . don't take their comments or criticisms personally . self-assured . self-reliance . having the i don't give a sh ! t attitude . leave them alone to cool down . i know what you mean but sometimes things are not as they may seem . what i meant is you may perceive that others are judging you , as inferior , being an f instead of a t , and you may feel that people ... i couldn't agree more . i can never get along with estjs . these are the people who go against all the beliefs and values that i value . superficial people i can't speak for all infps , but as for myself . here's my thought on this : think of it like flight or fight . infps don't like to get out of their comfort zone . they tend to be conflict ... entjs and estps . i can almost never resist estps ' charms and charismas but they are usually no good for me because estps ' s tend to crash with my n . a long-term relationship would never work ... to be able to accomplish / achieve my dreams / goals in life . to make my dreams a reality . i am not as idealistic as i used to be . i've overgrown that . _ we don't make it easy for people to get to know us . _ it is hard to earn our trust . _ when we are upset , we won't tell the person whom we are upset with why we are upset but he / she knows we are ... just be yourself if you see me trying to avoid you like plaque that means i like you . i like my job . it's just the people ( colleagues ) i don't like . i love the jars w / candles . they are so pretty . thank you for sharing . i'll go first ...  the question says it all . i am an introvert . of course , i don't like to talk a lot . i am usually very quiet and i don't like to talk about myself . i usually do my own things . i don't like to get ... hi . thank you for the in-depth reply . i am a bisexual . this woman is a bisexual as well . we are in the same age range - - in our mid-twenties . the reason she has kids is because of the environment ... i am currently having a crush on my coworker as well as a friend , who is a female e / istp . i am not sure if it's a crush or more than a crush . she likes me too but i have never really acted on my ... just move on . there's plenty of fish in the sea . it's not healthy to be obsessive over someone who's already taken . how do you move on ? get yourself busy so that you can stop thinking about him ... i find jackie o's sense of fashion fascinating . very feminine , classy , prim and proper . thank you for all your replies . personally , the reason why i believe i am single is because i have a hard time establishing a bond or relationship with other people . i always suspect people's motives ... i usually go to sleep . you can't think or get worked up when you are asleep . '