' 115626 my enfj best friend 2007-2012 . some of the highlights of my life were spent with this person , though i didn't realize it at the time . omg you described me to a t . and now i see why my enfj friend gets so annoyed by me , i am highly ambiguous and like to keep questions unanswered and ponder upon things forever while he likes closure ... my enfj friend is a bomb chef , a very creative artist , he uses charcoal , graphite , acrylic paint , pen , watercolor , and one of the best photographers i've ever known . i taught him how to use adobe ... im an infp but i will speak of my experience with an enfj . my first love , my best friend , the only person i have ever really truly connected with . sigh 1 . what signs does an enfj give away ... is it odd to occasionally have inner dialogue , like sometimes you can imagine or feel what a certain influential person would say to you about things that cross your mind . like someone you've been ... a picture from a photoshoot i did with a friend of mine . i was super scared , but wanted to be able say that i did it . im happy to have had the experience ! 92008 one of the very few nights being ... fuck . this . shit i would honestly be hurt but the thing is , i would truly want him to pursue what makes him happy . i know that he still broods over his first love and it saddens me , sometimes i wish he would contact ... thank you , that is exactly how i feel . lol why do you feel that way ? deep sigh , thank you for that . but i do feel bad because my husband absolutely hates this guy ( although he doesn't know him personally , he just feels he is a threat to the union of our family , and ...  i always get the infp result with all infp preferences being at 80 percent or more but i believe that my intuition is the lowest .. like 82 percent my 2 cents : i am infp female and in an unhappy marriage with an infj male . carry on . im really about to vent . i have a serious moral dilemma . a situation in which , no option in sight can leave me with optimal peace of mind , that we infps strive so hard to obtain . i've heard time ... im really about to vent . i have a serious moral dilemma . a situation in which , no option in sight can leave me with optimal peace of mind , that we infps strive so hard to obtain . i've heard time and ... this is an ideal time to have come across this discussion . im disgusted with my husband . i have a 4 year old daughter from a previous relationship that he completely ignores , and whenever she is ... i love this woman , intellectual , intuitive , and has a lot of great topics of discussion ! 79073 was feeling a little sad i just wanted to vent really . i know that [ insert opinion here ] . i only speak about facts . ouch ouch ouch ive been breastfeeding for 4 months . and im typically an even tempered person and i don't like drama , but being on the receiving end of a snide comment like that would infuriate me . i ... im not an unnattractive female but i feel like every guy ive ever dated has always said something stupid at some point that makes me feel unnattractive . do all men do this ? ! for instance when i ... which mbti tends to hurt you the most , and why ? what has your experiences been with these individuals ? i wonder .. does every relationship cause the people involved to feel sad , angry , lonely , and misunderstood at some point ? and if this is true of all relationships , what is required of people to make ... well , i met my man on okcupid a year ago . hes infj , im infp . and it hasnt been an easy relationship to say the least but neither of us can walk away . as for this estp guy .. he sounds ignorant and ... well my infj is the epitome of hot and cold .. he's so emotional and sensitive but doesn't easily show it for instance this morning i got prettied up for work hair makeup and a cute dress ( i'm a ... my infj boyfriend ... he loves me and cant live without me one day the next day i make him sick and he wishes he never met me .. well , im currently 21 years old . compared to my teen years , i am much more spiritual . i always felt as though i was looking for something and never entirely sure what it was until i began studying ... it is rare that i dish out criticism or give unsolicited advice . i feel like who am i to tell someone else what they should do , how they should think , and what they should feel ? what makes me more ... 43553hes an infj , im an infp reading over these responses made me realize that my initial response was kind of vague , so i will elaborate on what i stated previously . i realize im not as insecure as i was in my teens . i used ... well i'm a little insecure about myself physically , i'm always on a diet , and beat myself up when i indulge . i was 120lbs , had a baby , and now i am 140 , just really want to get back down to my ... i think its the extraverted sensing function that makes infjs want to show out sometimes .. whether its playing practical jokes , competing in sports , doing backflips and roundoffs .. thank you for the feedback :)  * deep sigh * i don't even know where to start with this one .. i'm ashamed to say that i feel like i am the most self - sacraficing , tolerant , docile , submissive , forgiving , unconditionally loving ... ok .. im here to vent . :'( infjs are definitely capable of cheating . my current infj boyfriend ( ni , fe , ti , se to the max ) really doesn't know wtf he wants . he's cheated on almost every girl he's ... would you wish you would have been spending your days differently , in comparison to the life you are currently living .. ? i was just thinking about this today during my drive home from school .. we ... i think that's definitely why people have a hard time approaching me . im quiet and intense . never met my dad .. he was married , cheated on his wife with my mother in the army , then went back to his wife and kids . im a lucky infp female dating an infj male ! ! ! and i love love love love him from the very depths of my soul , he is such an exceptional person and i feel blessed to have crossed paths with such a ... i went to school for graphic design .. and currently do some freelancing im in school for cosmetology and graduate in 3 months .. i think the appeal of these 2 fields are the creative aspect of them , ... how do you respond to authority figures in your life ? do you generally question authority or are you pretty submissive ? i'm generally pretty submissive as long as i'm not being antagonized . then i ... i've smoked weed here and there in my teen years , and honestly , i've never really enjoyed it . it makes me think about all the things i actively suppress on a daily basis .. all the heartache comes to ... selfish ? maybe .. i can be very detached at times and only concerned about my own well being , but never ever at the expense of someone else . ive actually done this in my teen years lol i keep reading how introverts can play up their extroverted side in social situations . how can you use / strengthen your ne or te and be more comfortable dealing with people ? i like this .. sometimes i think that living life in a state of observation rather than feeling keeps me strong , but you're right , going through the emotion is what makes a person resilient very true . any given emotion is not likely to be the result of a single situation . emotions always run so much deeper than what is on the surface '