' this is quite possibly the single most important thing to my ability to spend extended periods of time with anyone . in my totally unprofessional opinion , i think there is something to be worked on here for you both . firstly , i personally hold to it that if i promise someone i will do something , i will all but ... agree with a lot of this though want to add an aside ; for me i have discovered that alone time doesn't have to be physically alone . i personally need what would more accurately be called don't ... as an istj i can confirm this . if you tell me 10 times a day you love me , that's nice , but if that's all you do i'll stop believing you in like two or three days . but if you bring me a lunch after ... varies by person regardless of type . if he has never talked about it , you should assume 1 ) he doesn't need it much 2 ) he does , but you're naturally perceptive of it and therefore do not annoy ... dating enfp for 8 months . didn't read many posts here . my take - they like all others vary individually . some are wishy-washy , flaky , and fail to follow through . this isn't true of all enfps even if ... if i had to wager a guess , you're dealing with an istj who doesn't really have any game but wants to get to the point where they flirt with you . i don't know - i don't personally touch anyone's ... my enfp girlfriend says i'm one of the sweetest & most understanding people she's ever met and that i get her like no one ever has . she refers to her past relationships as relationships and has ... great post . the last 2 main paragraphs resonate so much with me that i'm having to fight the urge to send them to my girlfriend - not that she isn't great at recognizing those things already , but ... plenty of people would describe me as peppy , outgoing , energetic and intense . that does come out around the right people , in the right situations , etc . and usually it will drain me in the end . probably just him . this does sound like esfj tendency but exclusively in the case of unhealthy ones . healthy , well-adjusted esfjs would absolutely not guilt manipulate you to obtain praise and would ... me and infps tend to miscommunicate . seems to stem from the infp trying to read into what i say ( when what i'm saying is almost always a reflection of what i mean and nothing more or less ) , ... in the case of the enfp females , i had 2 of 3 also take cognitive functions tests . at the time i was discussing this with my then-interest , now-girlfriend , i was very surprised she tested as an enfp ... polystyrene man gave a great answer that would very closely match the one i was coming here to post . person with few friends reporting in to confirm as well as deny . most of my close friends are enfp / esfj . i am leaving out a few here and there to be fair ( my isfp roommate , entp dad etc . ): ... dating enfp for 4 months now , official for a bit over 1 month . it's been really fantastic . of course it's still early on and all , but she's really wonderful . she's doing a study abroad in australia ... not particularly . i take a lot of things seriously where i feel like many others would genuinely not be bothered . but at the same time , i don't really get into fights in relationships , i never ... this kind of thing is correct ! i don't consider myself in love right now - i've only been dating this current girl for a few months . but i'm totally enamored , and though i've been working on ... i can be a pessimist too , but i don't imagine she's the sort of person for it . * she's * the one pushing for us to make it official before she leaves so she doesn't lose * me * - i was the one ... i will be monitoring this thread ... started a thing with an enfp a few months ago and she's wonderful - this post is just a thanks to those who have posted , and to keep them coming ! i'm sure it's ... qft + in response to op's request for enfp opinion , i have a good friend who is enfp and she has said very similar things . if you asked her right now to describe me in 3 words , i'd put money on ... if i had to guess , si and fi keep secrets best and fe and se keep secrets worst 1 ) you are no longer attracted and wish to break up . some version of i don't think this is right for me anymore , i wish i could control the way i feel but it just hasn't been working in my head ... agreed with infx and probably type 1 or 4 i'd say . sensitivity and a cry-prone reactions to stimulus are things that , as i understand , are not at all common among us istj folk . i also react to ... i take it more seriously than i should right now partly because my last relationship partner of 2.5 years had while we were dating broken a promise she made me and it damaged my ability to trust ... i dated an intp girl in high school . i thought she was very fascinating but it was certainly my most volatile relationship yet so the advice i'd give each party : istj 1 . don't try to pick her ... just so well said . but , op , i will still bite by offering myself a context : complex compared to others ? i'd say everyone is indeed complex , but if there were a spectrum , i do think i'd be towards ... just experienced a situation that reminded me of seeing this thread . here i am to offer two pennies . i do not expect potential mates to read my mind . that is completely unreasonable . i am annoyed ... pen and print . only use pencils for scantron exams and sometimes graphs . only use cursive for my name or a ta's name , when i'm trying to be fancy . solid 99 % of the time , pen and print . i don't get how liking feet has anything to do with any of what you said .. ? it threw off my ability to follow the rest of your post ... i pee on most of my belongings if that's what you're asking ... 1 . are you prone to having a spiritual faith ? no 2 . how do you react when you see an injustice ? depends on the extent . calmly and quickly react or just fume with silent resentment when a ... i believe intp would require much less effort to light on fire combatable heh i'm actually not sure whether you're wondering if they're compatible or combative .. does it affect anything contextually if i mention that i'm 20 so in basically every situation there actually was growing and maturation for us both to undergo ? i never really suggested anyone to ... yeah i mean that's just me , i have no interest in most of the thing , for example like anything new or just anything . is me an appropriate answer ? i hate all the stuff and thing one night i was at a friend's just to sit around and drink a little , and she pulled from her closet an unassembled target bookshelf in a box . i have a pretty great picture of her drinking a beer ... i've had 3 relationships and a handful of things that never went to the next level , and in any case where i was the one to call it off , i've always indicated there is a possible future , with the ... are you gonna get glass shards in your mouth to screw in a bulb ? & i considered this and almost added on fire and dripping with arsenic but decided that was too ridiculous :P extreme =/ = masterable , but i'll play extreme . it would be difficult to screw in a lightbulb if you have no hands and the lightbulb is shattered . not a major difference in terms of the dynamics , these responses will more or less still apply . better than if she re-tested as an estj or something . their compliance and understanding of generating possible scenarios and our confusion about the point of this thread is no mistake . you just want us to say whatever and see how imaginative we do ... it's just mismatched priorities . i think you may have been a little too forward with the question onslaught because it turned the chat into an interview . i'm not saying you're necessarily in the ... an anecdote that i hope gives me some sort of credibility here .. i recently had a thing with an infp girl - ultimately didn't work out - but at any rate , i met her at a party ( i had just walked in ... one of my favorite things about this forum is the people are disproportionately smarter than the average population . it's nice . i've left in the quote the parts i intend to address . no , i ... so if someone offered you a compliment about your appearance you would potentially physically assault them .. you should know better than to necro a 2 year old thread : crazy : how'd you even find this i want to get to know an intj female because : 1 ) best friend from childhood was an intj , we got along really well , he's a guy but we had the same interests as kids and as adults we have great ... '