' i've lost count how many tangled cables i have in my house right now . my earphones are tangled , my phone charger cable is tangled , my mouse cable is tangled , my christmas lights are tangled to hell ... dear ( former ) entp friend dude i am at a loss for words . so you know i was into this girl like 2 months ago and then i find out you two were dating for over a month now ? was it so hard to come up ... i'm not satisfied with this one honestly , would really appreciate some feedback . oh , oh the great flood has come pouring forth the portentous stone my senses numb oh , oh the great sea has ... staring at the waste as it's king broken bodies loiter around me ghastly green lights joyfully sing evergreen chants once chanted at sea now their wails and their pains pierce like needles , ... my heart is not yet stone although my lungs they may be charcoal never thought it'd take such a toll to get a single sniff of a single bone the distance is clear although the dam will soon ... this is a poem about chain smoking one , with the smell of cofee and morning dew two , for the city rings too loud three , for a bit of talk with a few four , five , six , smoke rolls by like a cloud ... fates favor the ones who help themselves but faith feeds on bitter fruit of hope as both spectres deep in the night clash my soul deeper in the dark delves fate stings , faith burns who can ... i tested as intp a few years back and pretty much accepted myself as such for a long time . looking back i have no idea why . - osamu dazai , no longer human feels like it's been more than a year since i've last even attempted to write a poem . you sure you want to talk about this ? can you even hear me down there ? forgive and forget let's sing a ... always my father even though we are very different and don't see eye to eye on many things . even though i take mostly from my mother my father has always passed on to me his determined-yet-relaxed ... i've always been convinced that enfp mode is a staple on the social survival arsenal of your average infj . and after reading this thread i'm further conviced that most infjs , myself included , make ... swans are amazing , and so are the soundtracks to the silent hill and persona games . as for me i'd say my favorites are : - radiohead - godspeed you ! black emperor - sufjan stevens - talk talk ... dear mom , i've been single for only like 4 months now , please let me enjoy my summer of singleness without trying to hook me up with every single girl i have ever known . i am 21 years old and have ... 4 exams in 2 days and another one coming up friday = immense despair same here , i could still probably make it to a phd but to be honest , and this is gonna sound completely hypocritical , the constant mindset of one-upping everyone else , jealousy for other's work , ... manhattan transfer by john dos passos , since i have been stalling that book for over a month now and i need to just finish it already . it really , really pain me to admit it , but at least i'm glad i'm not alone here , that i have bursts of near pathological envy many times . it used to happen a lot more some time ago but it still comes ... i don't think i've ever met an infj guy before , but i could have but simply never happened to be close enough to him to remember . also infjs , especially guys , tend to be hard to type since we put on ... yeah i can totally understand , it makes sense that within a smaller community people interact a lot more with you and others and that really gives you a lot more oportunities to get insight on what ... you make it sound like we could regulate the temperature to some specific desired value which is obviously impossible . however if it were possible for governments or anyone for that matter to have ... i have no idea . what does a global thermostat even mean ? you might be right , sadly . i never said anything about any sort of taxes or any sort of action against it . all i said is that human emissions of co2 is the single biggest factor behind recent ... c02 causes an increase in the greenhouse simply because it's a gas that absorbs and emits infrared radiation not letting it escape the atmosphere , that's the definition of a greenhouse gas . also it ... this album is one of my all-time favorites but for some reason i hadn't listened to it in nearly a year , somehow it's even better than what i remember it being . ... what do views on climate change have to do with conservativism or otherwise ? i think you are definately looking in the wrong place since studying co2 concentrations and effects must be about , no exageration , 80 % of what environmental scientists have been doing for a long ... that is refering to periods early in the earth's lifespan with very heavy volcanic activity , the earth has been sufficiently stable when it comes to volcanic activity so that it's not a significant ... stretch the trend over the last 1000 years ? how so ? both of the graphs you showed cover pretty much exactly the same time frame , there's no cherrypicking involved , it isn't like one side decided to ... alright so i took a course in atmospherical and oceanic physics last year in college and while that might not make me an expert on the subject since it was just an intro course my professor certainly ... mom - isfj ( very caring and fun to talk to but prone to anger and depression bouts ) dad - esfp ( coolest guy and really hard working , was really quick to anger when i was younger but has since calmed ... sam cooke is so boss . reacting intensely to things is trademark infj i guess . i have 5 exams spread over the span of 4 days in under two weeks time oh god just kill me now . absolutely , i tend to react very intensely to events in my life , things are pretty ok now but finals are just around the corner and anxiety always intensifies during this time . hell i just spent the ... being a bashful , sarcastic smartass has been my public persona for a long time now , everyone thinks of me as the loveable arrogant type . which is odd since arrogance is the one thing i dislike the ... i have to admit i can relate to a degree , i've always pictured myself as only wanting to have sex with a person i am in a loving relationship in ( which has been the case so far ) but there are moments ... ah i do remember reading something about that some time ago , makes sense now . i also think that the years i spent convinced i was an intp made me develop some ti and ne , it was not until i was honest ... so it's been over two years since the last time i've been on this website and about just as long since i've given mbti any thought , but then a few days ago i decided to retest myself since these days ... started it yesterday without any plan and managed to have a bit over 3k words by today . i'm pretty psyched about it so i'm gonna try getting to 5 or 6k tonight . it has been proven by several scientific studies that blazing it everyday can make your iq reach as high as 420 . i gravitate towards libertarianism so i guess that makes me right wing . i'm no infj but apparently intp's are 2rational4poetry and we don't have a poetry thread on our forum so i figured i'd post this here . this is still a work in progress though , i'm actually still ... i admit my remarks on free will were crude and incomplete but they were hardly an opinion . the human psyche does have a degree of freedom , just how much of it we're able to control is up for ... sure i'll take a look . but i'd just like to add that what the other guy was refering to was probably this laplace quote : given for one instant an intelligence which could comprehend all the ... ok this thread has gone for long enough that i can't read all of it in order to join the discussion . can anyone post a short list of what's currently being discussed ? i had lessons for a long time and it's true they were helpful to learn the basics . but truth is after a few years i was getting much more enjoyment out of learning stuff by myself . so i reccomend you ... nts make good friends for intps , although intjs can be overbearing sometimes . enfps are also cool but are kinda hard to put up with after a while . istps are also cool . and i have like 3 enfj friends ... no . so i was thinking , maybe we can just post our last.fm profiles here to see what everyone's listening to instead of just posting a single youtube video . does anyone here use last.fm anyway ? here's ... a : pc , i don't even get why macs are still relevant . q : bus or train ? '