' long term 63 % openness 34 % conscientiousness 10 % extraversion 48 % agreeableness 58 % neuroticism outlook realist so , i did a quick search and we don't have one of these for intps yet . visualdna has two personality tests , one for a snapshot , and other for a longer-term view of your personality . the short ... one of the primary items is that i constantly second guess myself and my abilities . i've gone through three professionally administered iq tests because people called my intelligence into question . a ... mbti assessments point me at intp 80 % of the time and intj the remainder of the time . cognitive function assessments tell me i've got high fi , but still identify ti and ne ... something along the ... this topic has developed beyond the scope of the original post . this post is left intact to provide a full narrative of the discussion , which is no longer focused upon it . i've found that i have ... subjectivity - a strange form of plague which seems to afflict conscious entities . commonly results in chaos , and purges typically end in insanity . further research required . you can't understand it , so you can't get a higher score , and before you get anywhere it resets your score . the major problem , of course , is that you can't remove it . i'm currently evaluating intp and intj data from this questionnaire but need additional intj participants . i'd be really grateful if people who haven't participated ... participated . edit : sorry ... dear estj father , just because atlas shrugged mirrors the current world does not mean you actually get it . it's more about doing what you can do and kicking the asses of the incompetent for stealing ... these are called nerdgasms , i believe ... though they do tend to show up more with items , don't they ? ;D did some rudimentary pca on the form results . one component seemed to arise in particular , one that appears similar to the sloan neuroticism scale . complete report data in html with converted data ... maybe we should have a site where people propose and vote on personality test items , and then if a question is both upvoted more than downvoted and is statistically acceptable it could be used for ... intps - now optional stand-ins for eliza , the amazing psychotherapist ! it's easy to view things from any view you wish , or more realistically , you current point of view . all those items say is ... so , in the case that you haven't heard of it , john's personality test is a personality test that attempts to be both short and accurate , taking only 25 questions and selecting them dynamically . it ... i don't want sex until a flush of testosterone hits me , other than those times the thoughts displease me . fe is like a quirky puzzle game the operating system refuses to acknowledge , thereby preventing removal , and that resets your score when other people walk into the room ... in response to somewhere around ... 210 - ish , i'll hug people , but it's mostly just my so and those whom i wish to irritate . my hugs are usually accompanied by a jovial face the likes of which ... regardless of positive outcomes on prior occasions , my forecast of future events would doubtless range more in the unprofitable area in relation to you after any demand of attention / inclusion , ... fisher king . i'd make a house that looked like a cottage with a nice garden and forest ( both of which are actually external parts of the house ) . the inside of the house would definitely be bigger on ... nothing , not that i'd have a future to go back to anyway ... it'd definitely have to be custom , you'd have to track the question chain , provide access to all past answers for finalization ... serious problems . : c ( the problem being : how does one provide a ... what if there was a game of would you rather that acted like a wiki when you reached an option nobody else had traversed ? essentially , you'd start at question 0 and you'd work your way through ... ( sorry to intrude and necrobump here ... ) funny how you guys keep getting inaccurate responses , i tried to trip it up several times and still got intp every time . for anyone who didn't know , the ... is this how several intps got their avatars ? : o the idea so i'd like to finally continue with my original plan for a new personality inventory that assigns to the standard mbti types . this started with my original questionnaires ( in the intp ... it's a useful tool for identifying things i didn't consider before , and i've never really had a reason to stop it . :/ ah , but the question was simply whether or not they were intp ! :D individual # 4 was estp . individual # 5 is not rational either , but i'm wondering if anyone might be able to detect the type ... residual deviance , you're like a type sniffer o . o individual # 3 was intp . individual # 4 : form a : ... sorry for not keeping my promise there , my only arrangement for the day was moved to 4:30 pm est . individual # 2 was entp . individual # 3 : form a : ... i'll post individual #2's type at around 2pm est tomorrow . individual # 3 will be released at the same time . no guesses ? second individual : form a : form b : ... buthebabyunicorn i was trying to get people to use the form a and form b intp results , apparently everybody went with gut decisions ? :P are we ready for round 2 ? but determining whether or not they're - - - i'm reading things a german accent all of a sudden , and i don't know why . anyway , just sorting them into or out of the type is the goal ... so ... the point of the exercise wasn't to type them ? ... it's not really common for me to think that way , i realise that my sleeping habits and lack of balanced diet are killing my head . though , my ideas do seem to flow better at night ... edit : then ... my favorite yaoi manga have yet to be updated ... i really need to learn japanese . form b is released . sorry about that ! 27/36 , i just acted out the expressions and looked for facial tension that would indicate a smile . obviously , that didn't work for 9 of them . :[ and so it begins ! : 3 first person of interest : form a : form b : ... i was horrible at lower levels of math , but once i got out of that into higher level stuff ... i ended up being the person who just fixed other people's equations because they were incorrect , even if ... nobody else took out all the blocks in the daycare center and built meticulously balanced structures and cities out of them ? in retrospect , i can see why everyone else disliked me . i was such a ... even with the set of all possible interpretations greater than two , you still only have a limited number of final options . therefore , you must categorize each of your ... forms for each participant have been dispatched . rainbowsprinkles yeah , i've got plenty of intp data . :P chernobog would you like me to test the istps ? :P hello , i currently need multiple people of any type other than intp to complete two relatively short questionnaires for use in an intp-or-not guessing game we having going on in our sub-forum . ... as most of you know , i've been gathering data from you for the past week or so . i'd now like to see if it can be applied , or if another form is required . the way i'd like to test this is via a ... i chose water because it reflects things , but typically with some distortion , which is how i view myself . results released in all seriousness , i know i'm an intp because i'm fluent in seven programming languages and know most of what an undergraduate in computer science would know , and then some due to reverse ... '