' the main reasons why i visit someone's profile are : a ) misclick well , somehow , when you wear a ring , a lot of women magically start looking at you differently . aging really helps , and it's pretty effortless , just takes a bit of time . being thirty-something , i still have self-confidence issues some days , but my self-esteem is pretty strong . then again it ... if i manage to make enough money to hire a maid , a full time baby-sitter , a cook , a secretary , a big and completely insonorised house , all the while having a lot of free time , why not . and if my ... i tell them to please wait a minute , put the phone near my speakers , and offer the low-payed horrible job holder ( with a probably obnoxious boss and impossible quotas to meet ) a free break with good ... i find it difficult sometimes to decide , so i use this technique of contrast to help : 1 . ... he doesn't need security in family environment . he doesn't care for the family , nor the inherited ... interesting , but sooo slooow . this is why i hate most videos , i feel like i'm back to college ; i'd rather have the possibility to read it . capable of taking criticism without feeling personally attacked , able to accept your own limitations and recognize the help that others can bring , admitting the possibility that you're wrong without ... is a nipt someone with an extraverted intuition as his strongest function , all the while being fairly introverted and a little less perceptive , and a weak ti ? the tests you can find online , it ... yes . about country types , i remember reading a few pages on google books , in which the authors had a real reasoning for attributing a type to a country , not only using statistics , but by assessing ... i wouldn't go as far as to say that it is ti dominant ( if that even makes sense for a country ) , but ti is certainly well-accepted , even valued . if you can make a very logical argument , opposing ... i think the wording is intentionally a bit convoluted , but all questions and answers considered correct seem to respect the standards of formal logic . the only difficulty if you're not familiar with ... i failed only at the end , picking clear form instead of submit . the rest was ok ; had to verbalize sentences in my native tongue ; the top of my head feels strange . as a person from another country , all i can say is that , though we don't hear that much about it , it seems quite appreciated . it makes the u . s . look way more sane , balanced and less scary , ... i've been living in france for the last 32 and half years ; i've been on my own and in relative solitude . i go out almost every day for a walk , but aside from skype , my interactions with other people ... people often don't pay much attention to certain things . being permanently vigilant to these ( even non consciously ) provides one with data that goes unnoticed by most . like arachnophobics having ... i don't think this alpha thing is very suitable for humans ; too simplistic . at least i've never seen strength netting you any more power than wits since middle school , and not any more women ... i think i have existential happiness . i find ( intrinsic ) meaninglessness relieving and liberating . it seems that totally shutting out other people scales and criteria for success allowed the ... i think nothing has made me doubt my type more than this video . seems a bit too specific and vague at the same time , like he's talking about himself or someone in particular and making ... after a certain time , you notice the same topics coming up again and again ; posters come and go , and you can see patterns and cycles being repeated . ( my intp boyfriend is doing so and so , mbti ... i think it was in this thread . and , as i don't want to risk my precious ratio only for pointing this out , here is a picture : 20932 i'd really prefer it if only yourself had access to your own ratio , and the name of the thankers wasn't shown . it's a nice tool to induce both quality exigent posting ( though a bit redundant for ... translating the translated translation of the title gave me the key to understand this thread : intp you have an accident on the internet ? strange , i never heard one . not that i imply you're lying , considering a few towns in the south had / have nationalist tendencies ( only lived briefly in that area ) . however , at least outside 3 or ... i pretty much agree with everyone here . i just like the ways of my country because i was born in it , and got accustomed ; it's comfortable . but despite all the political efforts ( mostly history ... we could make a few thread plans . post 1 : intp exposing a problem encountered with non-intps . post 2 : intp giving a witty response . post 3 : intp explaining you that you clearly don't ... i can't decide , i imagine both the worse and the best outcomes ; actually , i'm just curious to see what happens , and seem very optimistic because i am confident that i'll be able to deal with ... i've been playing for a few years . i don't play that much ; in fact i spend way more time reading about game mechanics , player psychology and behavior . the game is mostly a lab where i go from time ... i heard one of them hated the idea of a username that could be related to his interests or anything personal / characteristic . ne told me to link it to introversion , ti's tendency to ... i have a thing for z-movies ( not sure if that's the correct term though ) . i used to play fps ( quake , ut , tf2 , various hl mods ) and was pretty decent . i can't aim properly but have very good reflexes ( i would never try to play one with a console pad though , that's gross ) ... i am not stealing money ; it is being transferred as planned by the law , in a manner / amount decided by political representatives , elected by the people who pay for it . hard working people ; well , ... 31 , never worked . ( i managed to get threatened to be fired from a company where i didn't work , if that counts . ) i spend very little money . i'm lazy , couldn't stand staying in the same place for ... i can't really vote because i consider my childhood both awesome and traumatic . a wonderful family and a brutal confrontation with the world . i was already introspective before the time of ... i'm more of a plan breaker than a plan maker . when i want something i somehow prevent it to not happen rather than make it happen . it's like there are all these possible futures at the ... that's not a total failure , this flawed test managed to piss me off ; like 99 % of tests . ( see how diplomatic i am ? ) the inventions i make up as excuses for not doing things . very limited experience with one esfj , and i had the upper hand , ( and ended up bombarding him with tisi in the end ) but things that seem to have helped : learning to read them very well ; timing is ... i'm not cool , but anyone implying it gets ridiculed , which is really not cool . so they generally settle with we're cool . but does love actually exist ? i've been reading quite a lot about ni as i found it to be the most interesting function that i shouldn't use . however upon reading it seems really natural to me ; after lurking in the intj and ... i find english sensual , because of its structure / rules / various idiosyncrasies . ( to speak in mbti terms , i feel like it is a st language , as opposed to my nf french . ) aside from that , there's the ... according to dodgson it should work . considering the fact that the movie you're referring to treated that subject in a spectacular way by purposely and successfully programming its audience to ... sometimes the idea you stick with is irrelevant . you might stick with one long enough to be sure it's been totally crushed and there is nothing left of it ; you don't even care about that idea , you ... i only get ignored when i forget that prosody exists . i don't know many intps but it seems to be a common issue among us . ( body language , eye contact and volume also seem very relevant ) this is most interesting ; i suspected something was going on with the airflow but couldn't nail it . be careful of enfjs though , they're easily confused with us because they pretend to breathe when ... i don't care that i'm going to die , just that it will prevent me from seeing what happens in the future . books are dangerous ; you just start reading the first words and suddenly you can't put it down , you begin to feel things intensely , your mind is shattered , something manages to reach these secret ... '