' i find it a lot easier to believe in god than religion . when people say something in science has proven there is no god , the problem with their theory is always that it proves how one thing or ... i can see how someone would easily mistype as entj . i mean , everyone wants to have the best personality , which could subconsciously lead you to test or identify as entj . simple mistake really when i log on , what i really want is to quickly look at all of the threads i have posted in in the order that i most recently posted in them to see if there have been any responses to what i said . i ... i have unchecked every possible email notification box and selected do not subscribe since i started my account here , yet it feels like every major holiday or time the servers or something are ... lack of competition and challenges makes me want to start a project of my own . i had nothing to do today , so i cut down some branches in the yard because i didn't like how they were leaning and built ... as soon as i was done with that message , i was talking to this girl i know about a guy i know who just broke up with his girlfriend and is trying to get this girl to meet up with him . i said he is ... i love analogies ! i just resisted the urge to say that in metaphor form . sometimes i have to make a conscious effort not to tack on an analogy at the end of an explanation . it's like i'm flying ... unrelated : i read the op's name as capri sun when i glanced at it , lol ! the summer before my freshman year i got world of warcraft & played it pretty much the whole summer . i stopped when school started , though it was basically just because i was a massive cheapskate at ... i support this . gs is just a name commie bloggers and incompetent government economists can point to when they want someone to blame , but they're also the leading financial services institution in ... the comment on your attractiveness definitely sounds good . i think if he wanted to have a romantic relationship with you , he would probably be inviting you to a lot of things to the point where ... ah , yes . learning about this game is practically part of the high school curriculum in the us . one time i was walking through a courtyard at my university at night and overheard some people playing ... i don't consider myself heartless and i've certainly never been called it . i'm sure i come across as cold a lot of times , but i do things like present my decision with an explanation to minimize ... i clean up to keep my place looking nice for myself and my guests . however , i absolutely despise chores and will only do them when they need to be done , never on a schedule because it doesn't make ... i would start a business . i have several good ideas , but i always dream too big for a $ 100k loan to come close to getting my company running smoothly . i'd turn that 50 million into a billion . at this ... lol you should take your computer to a crowded library and read my p-ness is showing very loudly . lmao . i scrolled over this thread and saw that the op couldn't find music that was raw and unstructured enough . when the smashing pumpkins song loaded as his idea of pure raw unorganized music i ... true story : i say this in casual conversation when appropriate . that sounds really good . it combines two of my favorites : consulting and development . this entire post could be used to describe me , but i think i'm a bit more settled on j over p :) when i want a relationship with a girl , i usually have decided so before she has and i hate the period of trying to sell her on the idea . i know i push it and i know this is a side of me very few ... yeah . 99 % of the time my mom is very supportive and appreciative . she doesn't handle negativity or debate well , but she makes up for it by being a generally charming and uplifting person . while i ... s - explains things with real life examples n - explains things with metaphors i know there's a lot more to it than that , but this is a pretty easy thing to pick up on and you don't need to ... the immediate answer to me is that s types are , by nature / definition , more likely to be interested in what is real , whereas an internet forum practically only exists in theory , so n types are ... entj blue . if you want more specifics , it's kind of a darkish blue with possibly a grayish tint . i'm also colorblind . i know my original response was blunt , but i thought i ended the hostility , however , you are definitely still being defensive and i think that might explain why your response does not actually ... chill down , i was just making a point . i actually get along fine with my mom most of the time , i just had a flashback to her in crisis mode , which is when she thinks she comes alive and i think she ... i don't have any kind of formal dancing skills , but i'm an awesome dancer at parties and clubs . i'm almost always a better dancer than my dance partner . a friend summarized it , how are you so ... i like everything to be out in the open . i try to make it some people i'm close to can read me like a book . i dated an infj that was very quiet and outright refused to communicate about things ... and this is why we love infjs . wow . it's rare to find other people who like rally car racing in the us . i like watching football ( not soccer ) and rally racing . i like playing racquetball . this is interesting because i've always thought it would be great to find a pretty entp girl . you sound like my mom . yes , you overreact to everything and your idea of great in a crisis makes entjs feel like we are being taken for a ride on your emotional roller coaster . you also probably ... i don't read either and definitely wouldn't pay for them . i think i'm a very fashionable person , though . occasionally i happen upon a fashion blog online and every time i've found that they love ... 1 . ) bossy - sometimes . i don't want to be in charge of everything i am a part of , i just have to . i feel responsible and invested in projects i am somehow associated with . additionally , i find that ... i suppose a genuine superiority complex is a reasonable side-effect of our genuine superiority . i am and you are not . i also have no idea what you are talking about . i talk a lot . the more comfortable i am , the more i talk . i talk to my friends all the time , i talk to strangers a lot more than they talk to me , but most importantly i always seek out social ... experiencer / innovator here . as a teen , i pretty much felt the same way i do now . i usually try to avoid babies because they can't talk or if they can , they suck at it , shit themselves and are quite frankly not cute . i ... this is creeping me out with how well it related to my life right now . the only way i know you are not the same girl i know in real life is that you said the thing about yin and yang and if the girl ... cash . not gift cards , cash . you don't need to make it look like you thought about what i want , because i don't care and if past gift card choices are any indicator , you probably have the wrong ... i had one for a few months that had a definite time when she was going to be moving closer and i lived near here when it started and for the first year or so , which are the only reasons i wanted to ... i love me some estjs and infx can make great pets , too . falling asleep isn't the problem . for me , it's waking up . if i have something important to wake up for such as class , work , a meeting , flight , etc . i will wake up 1-2 hours before my alarm ... my confidence level ? why , it's over nine thousand ! yes , i am entj and i don't make much eye contact in casual conversation , but when i'm around someone i'm attracted to and i feel overly aware of everything my body is doing , i feel very strange about ... but cajun is a mix of french and redneck . that's a hygiene combination no antiperspirant can handle ! '