' i had infp . i'm in the midst of reading a crime / romance novel , so like , looking at my chart of words i'm pretty sure the excessive sappiness that i feel towards the book is pretty evident : blushed : ... infp warm-fuzzie sister shot :) younger one seems a little more outgoing i feel ? hey firemoon , what do you feel about scar ? i was wondering since you have him as your icon :D sorry that this is digressing from the main topic a bit ! mum : isfp dad : intj me : infj are there any other families out there made up completely of introverts ? ? my sister's an istj & my brother's an intp . we're a family of introverts . isfj probably intj ? would you rather : 1 . beat up a physically strong estp who will beat you up or beat up an intp ( average strength ) with a physically strong enfj only a block away ? : th_jttesur : 2 . debate ... grab a mattress , pour a ton of industrial-strength superglue on it , toss said mattress onto a scrap metal junkyard , leave it to dry & set , jump onto the mattress & roll about . how smooth is it ? ... intj ? uhh intp ? ? intj maybe ? easily enfp i'm chronically late . in fact , i think i dislike being punctual . istp or intp maybe words from others , the best & worst , that have stuck with you . they might be circumstantially exaggerated to an extent , but you're aware that they hold some element of truth : kirby : love that ' fro . um enfj ? isfp intj maybe ? intj i find question 49 quite hilarious . idk why i'm laughing definitely an introvert ;) i'm going with infp or intp pipes that go on for years ? machinery and tanks ? excuse my stereotyping arse ... but istp : lemo : hella entp or maybe even estp infp ? whether you approach it with disdain or continue to enjoy it , what are you dreadful at doing regardless of how earnestly you try ? i'll start :) i suck ( very badly ) at : assembling furniture ... isfp enfp ! istp ? intj ? esfj easily intp :) quirky and somewhat satirical humour . ( ps . took me a moment to grasp how a cat and a car could get me a pancake ( ? ) like should i take my kitty along with the aim of embezzling a ... infj real life : awkward af online : awkward af ( it's me , your local loser ) your score was 51 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the low machs , people who will hold out for the goodness of the world and avoid manipulation . not the people machiavelli would approve ... i recognise she's from avatar but i haven't watched it so i can only guess . so uhhh ... intj ? i got an enfj or isfj motherly vibe from it , but the artistic quality is rather isfp or infp hard one . i'm guessing ixfp ? isfp istp or intp esfj intj esfp ? me : what are you doing ? avatar : oh just casually shopping for faces : rolleyes : * flips brochure page * me : hmm … are you aiming for a visage that would bear some semblance to * insert name of hot as ... intj ? infj girl most attracted to : entp , intp , isfp , intj , enfj : redface : infj intp or entp i'm ending our hideous love affair right this instant * speaking to snuggly bed & good book * isfp or infp infp or isfp and your squishy flapping eye of sauron seems enfp . '