' personally i consider studying to mean reviewing and memorizing facts and specific details . things that are more theoretical or seem to connect to make a bigger picture come fairly easy , or if they ... depends on the context and the person , obviously . but all the intjs i know i've had a lot of trouble connecting with . i find it difficult to have conversations with strong te users--any ideas i ... i have trouble walking in straight lines , and my isfj mother used to get really annoyed because apparently i would cut her off when we were walking somewhere , and she thought i was doing it on ... ok this might be extremely dorky of me , but whatever . this reminded me of an interesting theory called the paradox of choice . barry schwartz is the main guy behind it , here's the ted talk if you ... oh , also i think abortion should be completely legal , in all circumstances . no matter what . like seriously , do we really need more people ? i feel like a partially formed fetus thing is probably ... i think the world--first world countries in particular--needs a plague . wipe out like 1/2 the population , please ! i'm serious . if i got infected , so be it . but preferably the plague would only affect ... i love these ! i am the one who will be reading in her room , notice the sky looks beautiful , and dart outside and gaze at it for hours . i am the one who will also run outside to watch a ... bob dylan-esque feel :  sent from my iphone using tapatalk what's your pet theory ? thanks for the responses , everyone ! yeah i considered intp , but i definitely have pretty rock-solid values . i did go through like a year of really severe depression , which i think was almost ... i guess i sort of think of values as your world view . some people's world views aren't particularly definite , as they're able to analyze things from a more objective standpoint . as an infp , i can't ... i went through a period of misanthropy . and it was pretty destructive on the whole . it drained me and made me anxious and extremely pessimisstic . it started to go away as i found my passion , and ... i'm fairly introverted ; i'm usually happiest alone . i also deplore small talk so i can only really survive in either a small group of my other infp / infj friends , or in a crowded enough situation i ... i fell for an entp . not sure if it was quite love , and i think i idealized ( surprise , surprise ) him a bit . i tend to find entps very attractive . but they can also be incredibly frustrating / can come ... i've been reading through a lot of threads on this forum , and i'm starting to doubt my infpness a little . there are a lot of posts addressing sensitivity , feelings of worthlessness--just overall ... nefelibata : a portuguese ( or adapted from portuguese , not sure which ? ) word meaning cloud-walker ; one who lives in the clouds of their own imagination , or one who does not obey by the conventions of ... i saw another thread that was called change a letter and i , along with someone else , thought it meant what letter in infp would you change . but it was for something else . anyway , it seemed like ... to get rid of this huge emphasis on power , control , rationality--or at least get rid of the hierarchy in the rationality / emotion or masculine traits / feminine traits dichotomy . so i suppose on ... i totally do these too . and trying not to do it too often because it decreases the intensity ... yes . exactly ! i love nature . being outside is probably the most important part of my life . i love areas without lots of extranneous noise and light ... especially the stars at night in a remote area . i often sit ... also , we have those gummy vitamin things in my house , and i always end up eating like 6x the recommended dosage and sometimes i wonder if i'm going insane due to oding on gummy vitamins ? not ... i really feel like becoming an ecoterrorist ( like the sitting in trees / destroying equipment kind , no arson or bombing ! ) . i'm too radical and idealistic to function very well working through a ... gosh ... you know you're an infp when you've posted something and go back and reread a few times and realize you didn't quite get across what you meant to and gahsfowfjsfowjo . maybe that's not an infp ... oh wow that was super long , i didn't realize ... hey ! i just joined , i spent like hours reading this thread today and felt a great desire to chime in , especially because i kept going yes woah me too ! i'm so glad i'm not alone in this world ! i ... '