' as a young kid , say early primary school , i'd say i was quite popular . i was also quite bossy too . nevertheless , amongst strangers , i was very shy and i would hide behind my parents . i would often ... i wish i could see what others see in me . about the you are your job ... blah blah blah ... - - flip it the other way around . infps can be driven once they find something they're passionate about and want to share it to the world . no wonder ... my username ? nothing of relevance shows up . there's a euphorie cosmetics store in ny ( apparently full of pushy sales girls - - ugh , they're the worst ) followed by wikipedia links in french and german ... david bowie ? - - - i have no idea what i'd name the kid . i'd probably call the kid ' kiddo ' so many times , it'd respond to ' kiddo ' . no idea if i end up with a second . they can both ... i am surrounded by sjs but i'm not that close . most notably one of my friends . esfj , probably . she's hardworking , and typically the one who organised our social calendar back in high school . oh , ... it certainly feels like i'm 2nd or 3rd but it's not necessarily a bad thing . people come up to me because i'm apparently not that judgmental . i know i am , but it's on things i'm passionate about ... i love this game too , but i don't really liked how the ending was executed . i played it as they were releasing episode by episode , and there's some replay value to it , so it's worth it . i can't ... i see . haha ... taurus rising and venus in scorpio - - dangerous combination ? my sag sun and mars kinda balance it out a bit , right ? love technical dave , even though i'm not even an art student . his messages are universal , no matter what program you're in . i'm sorry , i can't offer any advice about creativity because i've never ... i am an explorer with extreme emotions . i think in a complex way but express my energy in a lively way . in love , i seek devotion . i take on the role of the owner . i'm sorry but what ? the owner ? she's a beauty journalist . this is where she's a bit more comfortable because she's with someone she's familiar with . ... yah , i'm the specialest snowflake there ever is ... :d ry : almost hurts to write that . i've always known i was an introvert . depending on the circumstances , people can see it or they can't . nevertheless , i've have not been mistaken for an extrovert . for example , my high school english ... strangers seem to think i'd wilt when i hear a swear . honestly , my mouth isn't as pure as people think it is . i swear lots but only in english , and mostly around my immediate family and my closest ... i think it was learned - - whatever you mean by ' thoughtful ' . i tried to be cautious with my words as a child - - it was hard because english was my second language . picking up the english language was ... i'm not sure this has anything to do with nf . i would've cleaned the slow cooker myself , or make him clean it properly if i really can't handle the smell . there are things much worse than fuzz from ... yeah , i'm a night owl . night is free from distractions . infj here . my natal chart : 399338 hope the upload works . i got the journalist . infj . generally speaking , i get vivid dreams that can be a bit bizarre but there are also recurring dreams i encounter on the occasion . the last dream i can recall on the top of my head was in the same ... are you better with understanding concepts or with memorization ? i think i'm better at understanding concepts . i can quickly grasp onto concepts but i'm not so quick when i have to memorise a whole ... at the moment , i'm loving life is strange . i love the music and the game is so beautiful . i don't think i've watched as much anime as i like to think i have but i'm going to say that one of my favourite themes is the whole good v . evil so that pretty much explains a lot of my favourites ... scenario 1 focus on your feeling process here your significant other just ended your 2 year relationship quite suddenly and with no apparent explanation . up until this point you had both been ... good timing because i was going to go through and downsize things . i don't want to have to carry an entire library on my next move . i love books and to be able to flip pages when i read but it's time ... i joined pc when i reached a crossroad and i wanted to utilise personality testing to give me some insight about myself . i stayed for the community . 1 . what are your top 3 career choices and what are the underlying values or motivators that have led to these path choices ? note : you don't have to say something specific like mechanic or ... my favourite has always been maleficent as a kid . i thought she was beautiful , in an odd kind of way , and totally bad-ass . regularly ? no . do i enjoy it ? yes , when it's got music i enjoy but i prefer a bar / pub . my first and only experience to date was last year . i went with my friends but none of us knew what we were ... here's my list of ones that are still running : sherlock ( bbc ) - it's a great series . the first season was exceptional . i agree that it's very witty and i'm just a sucker for this modern rendition ... i hate being sick . if i can move and get out of bed , it can't stop me ! well , i might not actually be able to do any work but i sure can cook for myself . i love to have congee because that's what my ... has anyone addressed missglamorazzi / ingrid nilsen ? i watched her a lot when she was starting to get big but i lost it at the donut and panda love ... and her failed singing career . she's self-typed ... ok , why is black paired up with red ? as much as i admire those who do live by minimalism , it's a little hard when you're a bibliophile . i keep most of the books i have so i could reference them when i need to , or just re-read because i ... it depends . in one of the my little pony episodes , rarity's reaction pretty much describes the state of my room . if anyone touches it : however , if ... whenever someone does ask me , i say black . the most sophisticated choice of colour for material things . black shoes go with almost everything . black candles look modern and a tad bit masculine . black ... uh ... i got intj , picking out my honest answers . i highly doubt i am an intj but the profile page does resonate with me , for the most part . i can relate to the infj description just a little more . favourite band of all time would be anberlin . i listened to them since i was in my early teens and my tastes in music evolved along with them as their sound changed . their lyrics are deep and very ... not very certain if i'm infj ... but i can fill this questionnaire out :) - describe the very first things that jump out to you in this picture . it's a bit hard to describe but i imagine it was me ... if i had to choose between a non-fiction book on my area of interest or a fantasy , i'd take the non-fiction unless someone persuades me that the fantasy book is a good read . i'm not very fond of ... so ... certain topics i've studied throughout my education ? 1 . psychology - memory and perception 2 . neuroanatomy 3 . chemistry - inorganic 4 . history - french revolution , russian revolution , ... infjs aren't so easy to spot . my classes were dominated by sjs . there were a couple of nts ... and a lone nf . where did he say that ? ( i'm not a big enough fan to follow him on social media and i don't watch all of his videos ) i had crushes when i was 13/14 but i wasn't very vocal about them . i didn't have any celebrity crushes because i was quite immersed into alternative cultures and was out of touch with pop culture . i ... i have to agree that clothesencounters is a bit more difficult to pinpoint for type . here's a video that isn't on her channel that might help you out : everyday , i've got stud earrings on . they're modest and not very noticeable . sometimes , i'll wear a necklace , bracelet or a ring . it depends on how it goes with the outfit and what i'm doing that ... i'm pretty sure clothesencounters / jenn im has been mentioned somewhere on these forums when people talk about youtubers , but i'm curious about her friend soothingsista / steph . what do you think ? i ... not really unique . vintage compacts . i'm not an avid collector . i just pick the ones i like and like a lot of collectors , there's one brand that i look for . i have one that i use and it makes ... i'm sorry you had to go through all of that . one of the best things you can learn is to never regret your choices . yes , you were right to cut him off . as for the feelings you're getting , that's ... '