i attended a workshop on emotional intelligence last week and it really struck a chord with me as an infp . it's all about checking in with your emotions a few times a day , honoring how you feel , and ... yeah---but too far and in between . my goal is to be creative everyday and not wait for the lovely muse to show up . i find that i can produce equally as well just by sitting down and forcing myself ... looks like this is turning into the gender wars . count me out . defintion of lizard brain . lighten up : the term lizard-brain is a light-hearted way of describing the most primitive part of our human brain . ... that was one hell of a defensive post . i didn't see anything in my post that needs defending , so not sure what you're on about . the basic message is : like it or not , the solution is to get out ... love the metaphor . i guess we are the worst . i wonder where isfps fall . i suspect my father was isfp and his temper was frightening to behold . anyway , kinda funny anecdote about my infp rage . ... charisma has nothing to do with acting . infp are tapped into fantasy thinking and make believe . so acting is probably an avenue . my father thought i was the natural actress in the family . it had ... interesting , watching the first video . i'm a pretty decisive infp about certain things . i'm bad about setting long term goals for myself , but otherwise i can come up with plans of action , and when ... here's my beef with infjs . it's the passivity bordering on detachment / indifference . one of my most favorite people in the world was infj and i really had to work it to ever have plans with this ... this is probably my biggest peeve in life and i'm constantly gauging people's loyalty to me with this criteria . it's pathological at this point . haha ! am i the only one where with some people ( rare ) it's sooo easy to open up right away ? it's not even like i have to try . they just like me and feel comfortable immediately and that's that . actually , i think the solution to this was provided by someone on a thread in another part of this forum : guys will pursue you , ask you out , chase you down , etc , when they catch wind of the fact ... i can't copy and paste orangeappled's post , but jeezuz ... i think she just nailed my whole dilemma . guys in particular tell me that i look right into them and see through the veneer . there must be ... yeah---i can relate . i don't let this happen very much . it dissipates with age ... haha ! however , there are people from eons ago who want nothing to do with me ... and it's because i can be severe , ... i'm glad you had your talk with your second friend . i based my opinion on your first convo and according to that , i would've distanced myself big time from the situation . as long as this isn't a ... we're likely going to get outages here . and the gas station was all sold out as of last evening . outages start to bother me after about 4 hours . i'm just hoping there's not a lot of damage and ... roflolol this is why i love infps . i've only heard infps say it . depressed infps . the only other negative i've heard is when someone thinks they've accurately typed someone and warns everyone to stay away from that type . i've read ... if this were me , i'd distance myself . you're not overreacting . it's not like they're bad or anything . but the truth is on the table , they have a bond going and you're not part of it . so gather ... ugh ... that dynamic doesn't work for me . i like being the girly-girl in the relationship . i don't know if this is a result of fi but i need to process my feelings for awhile ( like 24 hours ) before they begin to make sense enough that i can articulate them . i almost feel as if i have to ... yep ... also---a lot of guys may assume you're already in a relationship . aside from everything that's been said , there is a bit of psychology at play here too . we tend to be lone wolves . men tend ... girls aren't interested in jerks . and jerks , from what i see , are usually alone . in between relationships with low esteem girls . women like men who are decisive and confident . that's a lot ... sedna--thanks for clarifying . i think it's safe to say that if someone feels they're in a lopsided friendship then they probably are--and no amount of honest communication is going to change that . ... machood---thank you ! i think i have some j going on with my p and i often feel like a combination of infp and infj . interestingly , i suspect the person i'm dealing with right now is infj and ... hmmm ... in response to the last two posts ( cuz i'm really trying to figure this out ) - - i feel as if i don't cultivate truly close relationships with this dynamic we're discussing . haven't done that ... i gave al-anon a good try on and off for about 4-5 years . my biggest problem was talking about painful feelings in front of strangers . it goes against every grain in my body and i couldn't get past ... you kind of missed the point , however , that we overlook things for a long time and then one day the mountain of shit crumbles . that's our real issue . not forgiveness or giving second chances .  ... i think that's the p function , not n , but i could be wrong . n grounds me and let's me know decisively what's up . f and p eff it up for me . i'm at a point right now where i'm trying to let n ... usually it's irreversible for me too . i'm in a situation now where i might be able to reverse it . but i really had to step back and change the dynamics . welcome zodaris ! your words interested me because i don't have the technical mind for invention , but innovation excites me to no end ( i can come up with innovative concepts just fine--just not the ... if i trust someone on a certain issue , i can articulate and be 100 % heartfelt . moreso than the average person . otherwise i'm shut-mouth . most of the time i calmly slip out of expressing my ... i think certain temperaments are prone to certain disorders . in fact , some psychologists believe we all possess the traits that , under the right circumstances can develop into a full blown disorder ... you probably have considered this , so forgive me if i'm suggesting something that you've considered but for whatever reason are not able to do: can you move to an area where there's a prominent gay ... infpblog has a great blog where he talks about this--and it really let me out of the cage with my own lack of career aspirations . i felt guilty for so long for not giving a hoot about work or ... i agree with the poster who said this doesn't happen that easily with deep bond friendships . it's the more superficial ones where i see an unlikeable trait or compatibility issue that hasn't ... the movie about my life has already been made : amelie . :-) i think intuition is the ability to read and process external data really well by quickly drawing upon previous experience . it might be more than that , but i think that's part of it . i took a ... double post there is definitely nothing the matter with your voice or the way you talk . when i first heard my voice i cringed and thought i sounded like a strange nerd . that was my opinion for quite a long ... translator and market research sound interesting . technical writer ... zzz . i wish i had the patience , the money isn't bad . i do agree the article is geared more for thinkers . interestingly , my actions in this situation seem to have remedied things--for the time being . seralya--from what i understand , narcissists are difficult to almost impossible to treat . the more she understands about what a narcissist is , the more likely she'll wake up . they are unfixable ... i can talk myself out of it , and probably veer more to just slightly off center . but yeah , my emotions are dictated by many things and i tend to feel things deeply ... i have the ability to detach ... yeah ok ... this is typically what happens in these cases ... the abuser is a narcissist who persuades others that the abused person is the problem . if i were you , i'd research the traits of a ... wanderlust , i could be wrong . way wrong . but i have to guess that it was more than that job loss that lead to your cousin's suicide . that might've been the last straw for him . you just don't ... well , stupid just sounds like a harsh term for it . i don't want to play semantics with words , but in respect to the op talking about watching a friend die yesterday from suicide , the word stupid just ... i don't judge the person committing suicide because i can imagine they're in so much emotional pain and have reached a threshold where they can't cope much longer . a neighbor of mine committed ... i read both . fictionwise i like authors like margaret atwood and brian morrison . nonfiction i love reading about evolutionary biology , psychology , prehistory , new concepts for the ... i'm smack in the middle , go either left or right depending on issue . have been this way a long time . one of my dilemmas is that i find the social democracies in europe ( capitalism with a socialist ...