' cmon people ! let's not let this thread die ! :) any mods that are willing to stick this up ? we already have some interesting info on the poll . i feel you brother ! depends , if you are around here and you have beer count me in ! may i ask what was the trigger that made things go south ? yeah , that'd kind of how we are - sorry ! .. not to sound insensitive but we are always open for the next thing . one moment we can be a lot into x and next moment we turn all our attention into y . it ... for those mbti types here that don't know what g-code is , it is a set of instructions that when executed in order allows the girl to achieve climax . edit : by the girl i obviously meant the cnc :P ...  ... dmesg | grep what am i doing ? i also tried doing the test on different sites , while sober and drunk . i've got mixed results , in one case i got istp , the other i got a cat picture . but sounds like you need someone practical to ... at some point during mbti self-discovery i wondered if i was an intp . then i realized i was not a grammar nazi . lol but to answer your question , would probably ask you out - into my room ; to show ... oh my god ! this resonated so well with me , it all makes perfect sense - it is like looking into a mirror ! i can relate with every single word written , even the style of writing and the humor ; i could ... from the myers-briggs types and whether or not they need a hug | thought catalog : entp : definitely needs a hug but will never admit it . entj : can live without a hug but wouldn ’ t turn one down ... check out this guy : just curious ! by the way , by being comfortable i meant being in a relationship . do you think it would work for you ? interesting ... we don't have much votes yet to draw a proper conclusion but so far it seems istps prefer judging types , with infj and intj as most preferred . looks like so far istps are 50 % split into both using and not using facebook ! do you think you would feel comfortable with another istp ? i am a ... wait for it .. software engineer ! before that i was doing a phd and before that i was doing applied research . i had most fun when i was doing applied research , it payed a lot less ... it's funny to see those distinct types of personalities together ! i suppose adam is an estp while michael seem more like an intj ? i don't even have a tv , just a big screen to watch movies when i feel like . otherwise just a good set of monitor speakers with a t-class hifi amplifier i built myself . the audio quality is very good , ... if you are an introvert like me you certainly know what it is to be chilling at home only to be disturbed by random outside noises . that annoying bird that doesn't stfu , the neighbour's dog , the old ... i'm building an automatic laser cutter to make shapes out of plastic . when you cut plastic with a laser it makes smoke that smells bad . since i plan on running this in my room , i need to suck all of ... fuck yeah ! well said . i think i know where the confusion here is coming from . an optimal mbti type pair can be subject of misinterpretation because that optimality ( or best matching ) can mean two opposite things : 1 ) a ... what da fuck is doing that weird noise outside ? ? ? is it a bird or what ? it's the first time i tested socionics , so not quite sure how it works yet . the results implied 99 % istj and 97 % istp equivalence , unless i am interpreting the results wrong . statues don't ... this is a very good question , i wish i knew . i never actually dated an infj . look us up in car garages , electronics clubs , hackerspaces , martial arts dojos and gyms , ski stations , and all sorts of sports that are intensive in adrenaline . if you don't find us in any of those ...  ... beer anyone ? i don't relate much to the first paragraph . i relate to the second paragraph , but likely due to my type 6 which demands constant searching for safety or comfort . even though i can escalate issues ... si - si users have excellent memories when it comes to specific facts and occurrences and will usually remember things you ’ ve mentioned only in passing . not sure about this one . my memory feels ... how is that a phrase ? people that collect useless stuff . 630874 hello beautiful people , my personality always tested has having no big preference for either p or j , but i always felt like an istp , specially during childhood . however during recent times , ... what peter wrote is very valid for istps as well . alcohol definitely helps turning off that intellectual side and be more receptive to banal communication . i'm glad to see the inappropriate jokes perk is not limited to male istps :) an engineer reviews a litter box .. hello there , i came across this article and couldn't stop thinking that the person that wrote it resembles a lot type 6 , maybe type 4 as well . do you agree ? if not , what other type do you think ... i thought female istps were a myth ! :) it was pretty informative reading through previous posts , thank you . here are a few more : that is a good solution but we need a more pragmatic one . what are you going to do saturday in 5 weeks ? you need to reserve now . are you ok ? this , pretty much . we mostly prefer 1:1 meetings . also , we can go to big party events and look really extroverted but we need to be fully charged , next day we will be totally depleted . been hiding from me my whole life ! :P man , that ought to be any istps new year passage dream ! did you try improving the fireworks ? ? hehe hehe hehehe it's been 3 year since i deactivated mine . my social life suffered a huge hit since but i like more how things are now . people calling you on the phone to specifically invite you feels very different ... my god , this made me laugh so much . it really pisses me off when people ask me dumb questions , which is , all the f * * * time . that's why istps should not be allowed to own sports cars . we confuse driving from point a to point b with getting our daily injection of thrill . '