' every morning when i make coffee , the second i open the bag , my cat scampers into the kitchen meowing and mewling and sits on my feet . she continues to make noise and roll around while i grind and ... september 20 lump labor . today is supposed to be the end of the fitness blender program , where i compare fitness measures from the beginning of the program to the end . however , it includes a mile ... interesting . i have difficulty relaxing muscles , jaw clenching , etc . what do you suppose would be behind that change ? even going to the 16/8 , the second day i was calm about food , and also more ... september 19 lump labor . fitness blender pilates + yoga + stretching going light today . i am short on time and worn out from a stressful work day . lump ... yes , you hit the heart of it ! my boss is new - and he comes from a big business . the business we have is small , and he doesn't understand the rules are different . he literally said to me , it is okay ... september 18 last night i had a warm glass of milk to help me sleep . my tummy was grumbly and i needed something to take off the edge . lump labor . fitness blender ( kelli is so cute ): warm-up ... i was angry . i almost left . when the boss arrived , i told him i would have appreciated notice and that we needed to be more prepared . he said , oh , that is just how these things go . i have done lots ... my boss .. i just can't . first , i get asked to come in on my day off to work on a project i know nothing about . then i show up , and my boss isn't there . he is delayed two hours . then , the client i ... not sure what type of diet you are doing for ... but veggies are primarily important for micronutrients , not energy . i struggle with this idea of hunger being ok as i don't know what people mean by ... you have a kid and i only hear now . xd man , i am oblivious . when i was 14 , i was given the option to graduate at 16 through the chspe , which i am pretty sure was developed to satisfy hollywood . i ... reading list . return to life though contrology by joseph h . pilates & william john miller the anatomy of exercise & movement by jo ann staugaard-jones i am starting where i saw a change - and ... that sounds lovely ! nighttime hikes are my favorite . alcohol causes dehydration - do you try to drink water with your spirits ? i find that helps prevent hangovers which are usually mostly ... i ’ ve been inspired to try out a fitness log . i am posting it to the forum because i want to try for accountability ( as much as can be had on a semi-anonymous forum ) and also maybe it can inspire ... i see what you did there . i hope this is the 254th post mentioning ice cream . i want ice cream . much respect to you for trying out this endeavor . motivational speaking has never really been effective to me . it has a passive yet direct quality to it that does not engage ni ( due to the ... thanks for the snide support . hahaha . the coworker is a hardcore isfj . if i openly insulted her she would hold a grudge for years . i have seen her get in arguments where she will bring up an ... i am sure i am a tert fi user , but te is aux . from what i can tell , f users give more importance to the emotional effects of a situation rather than the reality of a situation ; the effects are the ... i tend to remove myself if i have no recognized emotional stake in the situation . sometimes this can get funny , because other people will recognize my place in it and point out the omission . please tell me , if you feel confident in performing arithmetic , which of these products gives the highest number without calculating the result : 4 * 8.5 2 * 8.6 1 * 9 did you find it difficult to ... this is how i react . usually it is the other way around from kaosrevolution - if people get upset at me for perceiving that i am ignoring them , then i get annoyed . if someone i care about is ignoring ... ok , i fixed it . : blushed : i am just a festering disappointment to red magician . : upset : : tongue : that sounds about right . when he did decide to do it , it was the worst timing - and suddenly . like , it is winter , freezing rain , 5am , a tuesday , now its important ! and i end up trying to convince ... your intp sounds like my infp when it comes to practicality . it took him a year to consolidate two small storage units of his things - despite being employed only part time . he was too busy working ... awesome ! ( i can answer questions if you have any . :D i tutored bio and chem before working full time . ) mine reverted back to an old one . my post count also dropped , but i don't know if that means posts disappeared . i can see your avatar . can you see mine ? it got quiet here suddenly . is it because school started ? jewel wasps are up there on my favorite animal list . i experimented with them in college - up close and personal . the kind i worked with lay eggs in fly larvae , which ... wow , that is a lot of weight to lose - and that is not easy . my hat tips to you . : gentleman : do you like the attention ? are you going to dress to kill from now on ? it may add a layer to your ... the red-head shuffled through his deck of cards at the kitchen table . he was not able to lay the cards anywhere ; the table was covered with juice glasses , plates , and utensils from a past breakfast - ... digital painting is very enjoyable . have you ever gone back to painting with other media and then thought ctrl + z when you make a mistake ? it is a frustrating and amusing experience . xd stelliferous carbohydrate rich food sources are not unnatural or uncommon in any human diet through history , however low fiber diets tend to be a source of a low tolerance to carb rich diets ( as most carb sources ... this is the theme song of the us right now . : laughing : earthquakes and hurricanes and fires and trump on the only continent that matters ! the apocalypse is here ! i never could figure out what was wrong . i tried a few tweaks but ultimately stopping the diet resolved the malnutrition symptoms . my takeaway was strict control over my diet made me more ... i tried keto for a couple months and felt great . then i started losing hair and menstration went wacky ( started every two weeks ) . it was very hard for me to maintain proper nutrition , exercise , and ... oh , we have gone at it more than a few times . i tried really hard in the past to pin down her logic because she claimed she was being rational , but it ends with frustration for me and hurt feelings ... intj : looks like the fires were started by several lightning strikes . exfp : man-made lightning i bet . intj : what ? exfp : they can do that you know . control the weather . intj : who ? exfp : the ... i have a number four : my thoughts on that would probably upset you so i will not say anything . an average physique is having a little squish to you . if you are all lean muscle or bulk , to me that is not average - almost by definition . height and body frame play a significant role , so the ... mountains are on fire here now ( same mountains ? ) . i live 100 miles away , but the moon was blood red last night ( apocalypse style ) and the sky is full of smoke , sun blocked out casting orange light , ... i haven't looked into the intermittent fasting methods , but timing of food intake is a less discussed aspect of health . it seems like there are numerous variables that go into the effects of fasting ... i have become good at being likable / inoffensive after being an insufferable child . the ones that tend not to like me are very emotionally demanding personalities - i don't validate people ... my balcony faces another balcony about 50 feet away . today this neighbor put up bright decorative led lights all over their balcony that blink and flash all night like christmas , visible from my ... i apologize . i couldn't resist . you know , it is funny to me that this topic was a passing curiosity back in my introductory microbiology class in college . the professor mentioned a study about rats having their gut biota replaced ... try fitness blender for free videos - they have been the best i found so far for starting into exercise . all their videos are on youtube . i did the calorie ... well said . funny , the relief i get from hearing someone who potentially sees the world similar to me is often what religious folks are looking for when they join a faith / church . i don't see myself as ... ha , what an odd encounter . that sort of thing is much more interesting than hooking up . as far as spiritual people - when i was sixteen , i went to this christian youth group that was the ... '