i probably do have quite a lot of self control , but i still indulge in weaknesses , as anyone . i abhor the feeling of losing self control ( although that says nothing about how much i have to lose ... i would say i was a moral person , in that i have innate considerations of what are ' good ' and ' bad ' , although in recent years i've come to realize that it is internal , but subject to external ... i'm not really a big fan of cartoons in general , i've seen anime a couple of times . i wouldn't say i actively dislike it , but it's never really interested me as such . i've become a lot more cynical over the last couple of years , so not really . people are risking big for personal or societal gain all time and it's normal human behavior . i'm just hoping that those ... i don't have a life plan as such but i did always have a fairly clear idea of what i wanted to do in a broad sense , and i'm doing it so far . i do find that if i lack direction i get depressed ... only if the money is good . :P i think it's mostly when people repeat mistakes , or aren't able to realise that they are making mistakes and get frustrated as a result . although i think that could happen to almost anyone if they ... i don't think an intj has a general lack of ability to be obedient and keep to orders , if anything they would be good at it . but probably only if they didn't think there were serious problems with ... exxx's xd i try to believe it does not , but sometimes things happen that benefit or harm you considerably but almost in an exact way , as though if you could have control of events that are otherwise out of ... a realist , which also involves some degrees of pessimism and optimism - but moreso the former . education and knowledge are two different things indeed . a good education can help in the hunt for knowledge , but i think education is fundamentally something that you use for a variety of purposes , ... if i have a lot to do in a short amount of time i just get really focused on it , and bits in-between are sort of ' autopilot ' , but if i'm just excessively stressed , well i'm just more verbal and less ... welcome . :) in my opinion , there is nothing wrong with people wanting to stick with their own ethnicity - and people generally do . hence why it would save a whole lot of potential problems if nations were less ... with a few exceptions i don't trust them on most issues . obviously if i don't agree with their particular bias it will be more apparent to me . but i usually try to read a lot of different sources and ... i find them to be very socially draining . they're like hyper extroverts , at least the ones i know . nice but exhausting , i just hope my kids are a bit more sedate , because it will make my life easier ... i'm not a narcissist of course , but judging by this - i may actually be a celebrity . your total : 17between 12 and 15 is average . celebrities often score closer to 18 . narcissists score over ... or you could just not commit suicide , total waste of life . or if you do , don't jump off bridges or in front of trains . politically incorrect ? ok . men and women are different , there are races ( depends on your definition though ) and people's are generally different ( ie not everyone is fundamentally the same ... well there is no real reason to own a television anymore , the internet gives you much more control over what you do and don't watch . tv is a place of predominantly rubbish tv shows and advertising . democracy should require active participation , so as far as i'm concerned anyone who does not vote ( unless they have a good reason to , physical unable , away , very ill etc ) does not want a democracy ... i've never taken a real iq test but i've done a few on the net ( that is , ones that had substance to them ) , the lowest i had was i think 120 , and the highest about 135 , so i'm most likely between ... index = 98 if it's something i enjoy or know a considerable amount about , it is fairly enjoyable or at least i do not mind it . i have done a number of presentations before and if i have any issue it seems to be ... i mostly plan in my head , i fairly often make lists when there is a lot of information to juggle though , because i don't want to risk making a mistake . i try to not be manipulative , but i can be and it generally seems to work . however , like i say i rarely do manipulate people because they tend to trust me and i don't want to lose their trust . ... i don't have any plans for world domination , i'm too peaceful . but i do have civ 5 so that will have to do . yes , because while i enjoy learning about other cultures and meeting / talking to people from other areas , this can be done through travel or the internet . no doubt cultural influence between countries ... probably wouldn't do most of the stupid stuff in the movies that gets people killed . but i'm sure we'd overlook something quite obvious and get killed in an extremely * facepalm * fashion . other-sock finding man : the ability to find the other sock in a pair , which is about to begin it's wormhole travel to the most obscure part of the house . 1 . do you prefer active or more passive / relaxing holidays ? why ? i prefer more active holidays - as in going and doing things and not just sitting on a beach or something . i've never been on a ... i'd just carry on lol , or if they had a superior i'd make a proper complaint to them and try to give them a hard time . xd although to be honest , it's a difficult situation as that job could be really ... all thoughts are valid in some form or another , but what matters is how they would be viewed in the group you are / wish to be part of . so if your views were unacceptable in group a you might find ... yeah i have the same thing , mainly when i'm thinking about lots of stuff , and especially when it's a new thought . :) not ideal really . i remember reading an article a little while back ( don't have a link sorry ) that stated people of a relatedness of around a 4th cousin ( so distant relatives ) are the optimum , with ... i'm both cynical and idealistic depending on my mood . cynicism begets idealism . cynicism can come from realizing certain problems , and idealism part of trying to resolve them , i think . they're ... very accurate for intj . :) don't think i ever have , hope it stays that way . i've had the same , or that people think i'm miserable or something , when i'm perfectly happy . :P usually just avoid getting too far into it , ' yes ' ' ok ' cool ' ' sure ' makes up a lot of the conversation , sometimes i'll reply in more detail if i have the energy or the motivation , but if i don't then ... schizoid description does sound very familiar to me , and on the few occasions i've taken a test that had it included , i always score significantly above average . that said , i don't think i have ... am i the only intj who can be really into something i'm doing ( over long or short term ) , suddenly lose interest and just drop it altogether ? ( i guess not though i don't think it's related to being an ... 1 ) do you like tea ? specifically hot tea very much so . 2 ) do you often think about society and how downhill it is going ? ( of course thats a loaded and assumptious question ) - more importantly , ... yes , but not that much . someone with 100 iq can achieve more than somebody with 140 iq in theory . i've never done a real iq test but i've done a couple online ( reliable looking ones ) and got ... no . fight for every you second of life you get . not doing anything worthwhile . alcohol , powerful music and gunfire / conflict ( it used to just be loud noises ) . alcohol loosens me up a bit of course . some music , depending on the circumstances can be very powerful . when ... not at all , you have a shared language , culture , ancestry , way of life . it is something that is built up , developed and changed over generations . the nation is the people , the country is the land on ... generally yes , i consider myself a nationalist and feel it is a good idea for groups that have shared identity , viewpoints and history for example to generally form a unit . they do naturally of ...