' any thoughts / insights on an infj - intp pairing ? thanks ! to anyone who may have some insight because hey we infjs have the same kind of working brain . anyway , i met this guy two weeks ago or so . when i first saw him i thought he was sorta cute . i was ... dear weekend , please hurry up and get here already . so much thinking ... and waiting ... sincerely , your future fantasizing infj is there a way to date without actually doing the whole dating thing ? hmmm ... haha ! maybe ... you never know what could happen at these meetups at a garden ... picking veggies and weeding with basically just a bunch of geologists . oh and drinking beer , did i mention that ? they ... so tonight it finally happened ... yep on your birthday . of course . my friend saw you first and wanted to keep me away and also punch you in the face . but you know , that's not how we work . then i saw ... dear self , i'm so nervous , frightened , and excited because i can see what i want . it's staring me in the face . the program of my dreams in every which way ... my life for the next 3-5 years ... ... i have recently found the liberating and joyful experience of writing to people i love . i write them letters or cards in order to tell them how much they truly mean to me because when i try to speak , ... dear self , i'm pretty sure this is exactly what you sounded like last night after three glasses of wine and half a beer . frances in this clip is figuratively you trying to state what you ... when this quote describes you perfectly and how you feel about your very private , personal expressions : the most important things are the hardest things to say . they are things you get ashamed ... sometimes i feel like i am the female version of nick miller ... ... for me personally these five songs have spoken to me at my core . and as an infj , i think some of my personality is reflected in them ( chronologically ordered based on different times in my life ): ... when you are with your really close friend and you want to gushingly scream at them : i love you to bits like you don't even know cause your entire being is precious and think my heart is going to ... will hillary clinton run in 2016 ? and , will joe biden run into a glass door ? hehehehe . thank you colbert ! i confess that when i go out at night to the bars and walk around main st . , i'm not really there to just people watch or run into others i know ... in the back of my head i am just really hoping to ... dear self , never assume , always ask . yes , that's easier said than done . especially when you over-analyze every single fucking thing . sincerely , your frustrated self i feel the exact same way about closure and reconciliation . and as a matter of fact , i am sort of going through that whole process right now ( for the last 7 months ) . i think it's taking so long ... leaders , lovers come and go outside forces you can't control oh i see you smiling at the unknown oh i see you smiling at the unknown lift your head ... if you have not seen this yet . you absolutely need to . you won't regret it ... just keep watching . i liked # 2 and # 1 . brilliant ! dear you know who you are , i wrote a very drunken letter to you last night . then it deleted itself - i think it was the sign i had asked for just moments before in my stupor . delete . delete it ... dear internet connection , fuck you and your ability to time out just when i wrote all those thoughts and feelings . why ? ! ! fall and spring . fall because of all the intense and changing colors of the trees . everything is dying , but it dies in a beautiful spectacle ... too short for true appreciation . plus , the air is crisp ... yep , i've definitely done this with xxxps . as i've been hanging out with some of them more . they just don't make plans and so i make sure i'm more flexible . though i get frustrated sometimes and just ... this song has been on repeat for the last 10 minutes . god help me ... and you walk under the streetlights and you're too drunk to notice that ... eyes for sure ! i fell for a guy pretty much instantly when i looked into his gorgeous blue eyes . it was freaking intense - and i'd never looked so deeply into someone else's eyes before ... i could ... esfp . sometimes i wish i could be the extroverted sp side of me . to be able to live in the here and now and just go with the flow - sort of jealous . are they hot-dogs or legs ? ? i just don't know man ! ! ! courtesy of buzzfeed . there are more : hot ... i'm pretty sure i had this happen to me once . i think it was because i didn't know what was happening / was going to happen in terms of the x variable . and so i ran a thousand and one what ifs ... and so my want of a massive dance party continues ... along with a brand new single by lady gaga - it's infectious , don't deny it ... :P as i'm sitting here studying for the gre , this thought pops up in my brain : i wish i didn't take myself so seriously when i was younger ... dear enfp , remember that one night where we left the bar early and you graciously gave me a ride back to my place ? we talked about your friends we had just been with and i gushed that they ... this literally just happened to me ! ugh . so frustrating ! come on itunes ! and then this one in the spring ... smile smile because the rays of sunshinse are streaming through the window smile this is an old poem i wrote last autumn ... i don ’ t need alcohol to feel a buzz because i feel drunk with happiness being with you and want everyone else to see it too i want a crazy dance party tonight because i just got some new dance songs ! ok bye now . :P * goes off to dance * some days it feels so good to dress up and look extra nice . it fills me with confidence . especially , like today , if i am meeting with the ceo of a non-profit to talk about their amazing organization ... and this is exactly why i think we find it extremely difficult to let go of certain people and situations ... this song came on in my itunes . ok , actually i really wanted to listen to the lumineers because ugh they are just so freaking good ! now i am left wondering if i can ever listen to ho hey again ... dear cover letter , why don't you just write yourself already ? i just want to sit here and contemplate life while the world goes on by me . signed , a procrastinating and life-contemplating ... i feel like i can be myself around you . you just have a calming presence that makes people feel comfortable i know i can be vulnerable when i'm with you this song . this video . this band . just love . words of affirmation ( dominant ) . ~ probably why i absolutely adore my enfp gal friend to pieces . quality time ( secondary ) and then touch . ~ if i make time for you , you're important . if you make ... when you wish you could just transfer feelings or thoughts to people so they could feel exactly what you were feeling or fully understand the thought youx 92re trying to explain to them without you ... emotional vent ~ i don ’ t know what i was going though in the last 12 months . i find it hard to put into feelings , much less words . life , i guess . a love that made me truly explore myself for good and ... you know you're an infj when you wish there was a way to record all your thoughts on paper without self-censure or having to actually write it down ( i can't keep up ! ) because then you could really ... yep , and half of my good friends are engineers / hard sciences like bio and geology . plus my dad and brother are engineers and our good family friends are all engineers . no joke . i almost feel like ... yeah engineering is not an area i'm interested in at all . haha . my mind just goes to * yeah , ok , yep , no idea what you're on about , but ok . sure . * i'm interested in community psychology . yep , totally ... you know you're an infj when you are with family friends and one of them asks you about you're intended area of study for graduate school and you give them the short answer because no one knows what ... '