' veggie lo mein with rice noodles and a homemade sauce from ginger , shitake mushrooms and lemongrass . i agree with the others . one of the best thing about being an entp is we're so good at problem-solving . you have a problem , not get to solving it instead of wallowing in it . wallowing is way more ... most people i know find it charming and appreciate it because it also inspires them . even some of my most reserved friends love surprising me with things they know will result in my 2 minute happy ... i think it's important to use correct definitions for words . the purpose of language is to communicate . how can you effectively communicate when you're intentionally changing the language ? i think in general being labeled as a tomboy has more to do with how active you are and feminine is defined by how passive / demure you are . i've noticed that many of my girlier friends are marked by ... i value honesty , compassion , thoughtfulness , dependability , stability , humor , and sincerity . people trying to impress me doesn't automatically annoy me ( it's only guys who do this ime ) . it depends ... i just started my job about 6 months ago . the first week out they invited me out for drinks all came except for 1 woman who lives further away . so according to my coworkers she's a weirdo . turns out ... definitely . women can be just as catty , rude , dismissive , narcisstic , egocentrical , etc as men . i can't think of many people - even guys - who'd want to put up with that sh * t for longer than 20 ... pensiveness and studiousness is an innate nt quality ? that's the first i've heard that . i have yet to meet these men en masse who are intimidated by smart women . of course there are guys out ... oh yeah . what do assertive females think of receptive males ? it depends i've known receptive men who were more on the overly sensitive side and others who were more balanced but still witha sofy ... i'm on the border as well . i think sps get a bad deal on the whole intelligence issue because they tend to be more doers . i'm more of a doer as well so when i say something smart , perspicacious , or ... it's not an infj thing .. most cameras are bad and most non-professional lighting is worse . i have several friends who are model gorgeous and even they have crappy photos if they aren't careful about ... cartoon : archer or teenage mutant ninja turtles anime : i don't like anime live action : supernatural crime show : i avoid these as much as i avoid anime i tell them that i'm not finished speaking yet . if they do it again then i talk over them .. eventually they get the point i was dating an istp for awhile before he had to move for work , so my answers are based on that and the fact that one of myy female besties is istp 1 ) first impression of them ? - puzzling and ... i prefer to be pursued - but only if i'm giving you signals that it's ok to advance . so i guess i like being pursued while i leave a trail of bread crumbs to where you can find me .. . i've also ... if the worse part of your day is seeing you're instead of your or their instead of there then you either need more hobbies or to start interacting offline in the real world where there are ... i'm right in the middle so i see traits of both in myself - i'm goofy , i'm outgoing , i'm a darevil , i'm a badd ass , i sometimes have very little patience for abstract thinking and theoretical ... if it's against me then i dont have the patience , attention span or time for vengeance , but that person is definitely written out of my life 4eva . but if it's against a friend or a loved one , it's ... i'll post 3 for now old school : alain delon new school : jensen ackles welcome . i'm another extp so you're not alone : crazy : but sometimes people project their feelings on to you . some people actually believe that any form of kindness of friendliness from someone from the gender they are attracted to = romantic invitation . yup , that about sums it up personally i tend to be quite fond of most of the infjs i've met in real life . : laughing : i'm extremely competitive and i always want to do better than i did the last time . with sports , it's incredibly frustrating for me to struggle at something because i'm usually really good at sports . ... i prefer being with i guys but i have dated e's before . although the relationships with other e's have always been super fun , they also weren't as deep as the ones i've had with i's . not that we ... this sounds like one of those issues that have less to do with personality type than someone's individual behavioral choices . dude sounds like someone who lies to get what they want when they want ... i dont think so . i'm sure i definitely had some istj school mates who were always more concerned with following the rules than having fun . i definitely know one of my cousins was always a homework ... in my signature not all i men are intimidated by us , from my experience it's harder to make istps and istjs into your bitch : crazy : but we'd at least give you a piece of candy after eating your soul ... maybe .. but let's face it . the game - although fun - gets to be a bit tiring ( at least for me ) so it's fun to switch the rules up a bit . : laughing : and i agree with the flustered part , sometimes it's ... i dont think i could ever be mistaken as an introvert in any situation . even when i started my new job and was pretty much to myself , my cowokers had somehow already decided amongst themselves that i ... i'm fun , i'm smart , i'm witty , i'm mischievous , i'm active , i'm protective of my friends and family , i'm a defender of the underdog , i call people on their bs , i can adapt to crazy ... i'm in the you're reading too much into camp . my guess is he likes you , just not necessarily in that way you like him . is he actively flirting with you ? that would be a good sign . and even better ... i'll be honest .. you guys tend to be assholes , but then again so do i ( in the most delightful ways : laughing :) so it's not surprising that 2 of my very bestest amigas on the planet are entj ... ... could enneagram have something to do with this as well ? i'm a 7w8 entp so i'm also all about looking for and doing exciting things ... or maybe i really am an estp ? : unsure : i sometimes have the same problem but i think it's because i think mainly in pictures than words , so sometimes translating the picture to word can be difficult for me.even though english is my native ... join the club op : crazy : seriously ? entps are more brutal than the other t types ? especially the tjs : blushed : sorry but bwahahahahahaha . entps are probably the most fluffliest of all t types , which probably makes us an ... here's the thing .. everything can be a flaw depending on the circumstances it's used in . for instance the same thing that might get me praise and promotions at work might get me punched in the face ... whatever it is , i bet it's really really funny i think in many ways e vs i is determined by your brain developmental needs . there's recent research that shows that brain chemistry is different between es and is to the extent that es need more ... interesting topic .. my mom was definitely verbally and emotionally abusive as well as incredibly emotionally manipulative and had mental issues so in many ways i sometimes had to be the ... i should also add that trying to save us is a really good way of getting yourself added to our list minions . you think you're helping us .. we know you think you're helping us but in actuality we'd ... don't worry about us . we run hell ... satan is actually our minion my favorite superheroes as a little kid were wonder woman and storm . batman wasn't my favorite guy superhero because i was all about mutants like ninja turtles , wolverine , gambit and nightcrawler . ... i'm sure he'd also accept the occasional after sex sandwich or the after sex brownies serious op .. just tel her this shes a very nice girl and fun to be around . shes magnetic . of course this is relative , but my idea of overly sensitive is taking everything i say personally . for instance , if i say i don't like something that you really like , it doesn't mean i'm saying i ... there's a difference between having emotions and making your decisions based solely on those emotions . emotions can definitely spark things in us but that's doesn't mean that's where it ends . we're ... where are they from ? i normally use cold cream on a cotton ball for eye makeup . it's really the only thing i can find that cleanly takes off th makeup , especially considering that i wear urban decay ... i hit send to soon . thinkers will almost always sound like come off as hard core computers to feelers '