' frankly , estp and entp are paradoxically reversed ... the entp is the eagle , seeing things seen and unseen ( n wise ) . the estp is the one who acts more like a hyena , in the here and now ... not ... don't the floods of emotion show one cares ? it seems to me this would add to the relationship .. ? what ? where did you find this information - ? : happy : i know of no state-sponsored infj groups in the us : unsure : ... that sounds not implausible , but unlikely as a special interest program this ... you do realize doing this ^ is counterintuitive to the effect it appears you desire , and will result in more of what you don't want don't you ... : wink : ... or you recognize this device and that's ... objectively and in entirety of your approach ... your ego surpasses and is higher than your intelligence . how often do trip over yourself ? your circumlocution is obvious . trying to lend ... [ quote = charlie chaotic ; 44216 ] i somewhat figured that , but he claims that he is , so i put it ... yes , i am ... and i test it every time ! perhaps not all entps are as smart as they assume . shai why do you say that ? if they're nervous and inexperienced , then yes perhaps . quote = limetree ; 1181 ] i've never been a relationship but i find enps to be interesting , bright-aura'd folks . talk about nuclear intuitive combo ... which makes me think of neopets snowpuffs . :D the ... i understand the feeling of doing something good like planting 6 elm saplings ... and the focus enjoyed going along with that time ... : happy : i feel really sorry and empathize perhaps how you experience this .. i am an honest person . i see how dishonesty can hurt people , even amongst two people with no interpersonal relationship to ... ain't no thing . i have two questions .. do you know the types of your parents ? what is your age ? thanks . : happy : jenn , where did you read about the entp being the conscious and the infj being like the subconscious ? i'm interested and will read these sources you tell me of ... : happy : why do you refer to me that way ? you don't have to answer that one if you don't have an answer . thinking of something isn't necessary or ostensible . one word : loyalty . what you get from being loyal is peace inside ! try it .. you can always go back to whatever you're doing now , but trust me it's indescribably peaceful feeling and you won't want ... artisans go out to have fun and find fun and fantasy externally .. infjs glean much fun and fantasy from deep thoughts and imaginations on the inside . i , an entp , am torn between the two . i want ... artisans go out to have fun and find fun and fantasy externally .. infjs glean much fun and fantasy from deep thoughts and imaginations on the inside . i , an entp , am torn between the two . i want ... is this a tactical or strategic fight ? it would seem that ' street fight ' would have the impression of a more one-to-one fight , a tactical fight . although in this day and age , especially in wartime ... i don't think 19 years is quick .. i believe most people would agree with that . i recognize your curiousity . thanks . some people have a level of fear of the unknown ... ... and right .. you can ... i am in love with an infj and i find myself automatically protecting her from others .. i don't know how that started .. or happened .. it's just natural . thanks for that reflection jenn .. you're ... true there's not much if any barrier ... like peas in a pod ... effortless understanding .. maybe if one just didn't know what a certain word meant but other than that it's cool ! chasing away infj ? ... but i do have my alone time which i really invest in development ( if there weren't any other beings in your life , how would you be able to realize who you are ? ) now that is genius ! ! ! anks man maybe it wasn't clear ... that's not what i was writing about nor the context of the comment ... if you're referring to the quote if someone tells themselves ... it's not directed as a reflection ... thank you so much ! ! i did send her a romantic story friday ... ( after we had talked ) ... maybe too quick i don't know . i don't want to hurry love . i just wrote very litte in the title of the ... i understand .. the mystic is from your imagination .. it feels good to get it on paper .. and revisit the dreaming .. lol .. thanks : happy : this is a nice one .. in other words , and i don't expect an answer to this ... people sometimes say to themselves ... so and so has to do this in order for me to be happy with x situation .. only then will i feel content or ... if someone tells themselves something enought times , they believe it . and , the biggest lies are the most believable . adolf hitler taught us that ... bad as it may seem . that's okay you feel it and that says it's in there somewhere .. just because you don't outwardly express it doesn't make it any less true .. thanks friends sounds nice .. that's important to know each other has each other's back .. way to go ! i would like to know why they turned sour ( b / c of the ideal part not being met ? ) or was that your or their decision ? i'm falling in love with an infj ... she's wonderful ... i'm not sure how much ... i would like to know why they turned sour ( b / c of the ideal part not being met ? ) or was that your or their decision ? i'm falling in love with an infj ... she's wonderful ... i'm not sure how much ... right you are .. so often from my perspective too ... i am rarely understood . i have learned not to second-guess myself or doubt myself .. right on . very nice ! so smooth .. with the still life , do you draw as you see , do you draw as you imagine--do you combine or blend both methods ? maybe you're not sure .. they look genius . i went to an ... hello . how long have you been posting ? you have a real poetic talent .. that's wonderfully beautiful .. i'm feeling wrapped inside a cocoon .. haha .. wow i can see that .. although i know it's a subsequent function ... so i'm clear on it . thanks .. some people are on the borderline ... i know the context of this site is of typecasting , but the research supporting this site is , in fact , done by humans ... invented methods of testing by ... i don't know any other infjs who invent contraptions . i have several . so there's more to learn about others than you may realize . just in case you forgot , i have said that i was an infj and am ... entps provide logic and gain feeling from the intuitive base thinking style of the infj / entp relationship . does the infj yearn to express themself like the ( e ) ? i know i yearn to feel more ... thanks for your reply ... what are your inside rules for people doing these tasks ? in other words , what has to happen in order for you to be happy ? a i think he's just expressing a little light cynicism at some past thing in his life .. i wouldn't worry about it .. cheers . am i right cjay ? thanks for the write-back on the other blog cjay ! ! ' anks man . hmm .. i recognize everyone expresses themselves in different ways and in different amounts , not always the same amount respective even to the same person . so i am cool with a woman not expressing ... trust no1 , what are your expectations of the lady you work for ? what is her mbti ? ( i'm not suggesting you ask her ) misplaced anger is not healthy for you . some people will say anger alltogether ... very funny lykos . draw back into the fight ? ignoring me ? your multiple posting show you are very attentive indeed . circumlocuting vaguely into a phantom idea is a trick i am wise to .. but ... that's clever but you're boring me . i'd love to spar with you lykos .. but i've been there and done that .. how old are you ? i wasn't focused on me . '