' vctn we had just started working on a college group project together and up until that point had been exchanging emails pertaining to the project . i could tell by the ideas / thoughts he described in ... i love reading about what is going on inside the average intp's head when he or she is flirting . i remember the first time my intp tried actively flirting with me . i was wearing a blue and ... i was lucky enough to meet an intp guy a few years back . we've been happy together ever since . no clue if the two of you will work out that well ( more than type determines compatibility after all ) , ... antahon in short , the guy told qingdom ( while in a seemingly bad mood ) to get lost ... so he did . as you can see from their interaction several years later though he didn't really mean it when he ... iamtp i notice , as i have known him for several years . his family frequently accuses him of just not caring at all because the way in which he shows that he cares is rather subtle and / or delayed ... i'm in a relationship with one of you guys . two things of note ... 1 ) thinking about caring about others way more often than you demonstrate outwardly that you care about others ( potentially ... yeah , but he can't afford one and frankly , most people can't . i just wanted to know if any of you had any tips regarding ways that he can get motivated on his own or even specific forms of exercise ... a good friend of mine is an isfj who would like to get healthier and begin an exercise regimen . he is having problems with motivation , however . he likes ( and seems to need ) a workout partner in order ... hmmm ... one intp that i know does a variation of this . being an entj , i'm often sh * t when it comes to discerning the mood another person is in unless that mood is made glaringly apparent . intps are ... i have been in a relationship with an intp ( that i care about very much ) for nearly a year now . all is well , with the exception of one pattern of behavior that i just can't get past . my intp b / f is ... i honestly don't think that all is lost between you and your father in terms of amicable relations . it's hard for an infj to grasp , but xntjs tend to be retarded when it comes to how we are affecting ... simply put : you need to construct a rational , logical argument for why his behavior is indeed negatively affecting you and your family ( one that includes tangible evidence of the negative effects ... i thought i would contribute , as i am happily dating an intp . my 2 cents ? if you want to know if an intp is attracted to you , the answer ( in my experience and based on what i have read in this ... cosmicjalapeno i am currently dating an intp , and his microwave skillz are indeed impressive . granted , his microwave only has 2 settings ( on or off ) . said microwave is on when plugged in , and off ... i say at least finish high school . unless you plan to be self-employed , potential employers don't care what you learned on your own at your level , generally ; they want to see that you ( at least ) ... i'm with dukempriz . instead of using typology to draw a line between you and your family , try to use it as a tool to better understand and communicate with them . the fact of the matter is , these ... maybe you should try to see it like this : the people that you attempt to contact very often don't want anything more than to hear from you , and see it as a pleasant surprise when they do . besides , ... while i understand and appreciate the intp desire to not be intrusive , trust me when i say that the likelihood that you are being that way is slim to none . you guys are so infrequent typically with ... four words : lack of direct communication . if you like something , say it or in some way demonstrate outwardly that you do . if you don't , ( diplomatically ) say so as well . this thread has provided ... i don't find intps to be mean . as someone else already noted , it is usually the reverse if accusations of being mean are made . i have been dating an intp for several months and things have been ... hey hey ... beneath my cold exterior lies a / an ( insert something poetic that implies depth of feeling in an angst-y and esoteric manner here ) . to be fair , i want to share my emotions , but being a t ... graficcha thanks for the thorough reply . i don't have any major emotional issues to contend with ... just rare moments in which i would like to vent a bit . being an xntj , i don't expect him to ... my turn ! i'm hoping that this will be a simple inquiry ... i have read on various threads / forums that intps generally don't like their s . o . s to be emotionally-dependent on them . this i understand ... i noted this in another thread , but i am dating an intp and he is definitely into physical touch as a demonstration of his feelings . i am not certain whether or not this is an intj quality or if ... well , stereotypically , that title likely would go to estps the most often . i have seen a fair share of entp womanizers and esfj cheaters as well though . i'll chime in ! i'm not an intp , but i'm dating one and have an intp uncle who is a father . the intp that i'm dating has no children , but he does have a dog that he treats in the same manner that ... a brief observation : both one of my best friends and my grandmother are isfjs . in my experience , i tend to get along much better with isfjs ( and - sjs in general ) in my own age group than i do older ... @ op , i don't know if he is putting you on a pedestal ( each intj is individual and all ) , but i doubt it . intjs tend to think things through thoroughly before acting , so him stating that he has been ... while i don't believe that the intj-esfp pairing is among the least likely to occur ( as someone else noted , i would imagine intj-esfj relationships are much more rare ) , i don't see the average ... i give the people that i care about that which i value most : my time . if i care about someone , i initiate contact with that person on a consistent basis . i really , really like someone that i am ... others have handled the specific questions well , so i'll just add one point : i think the infpxintj pairing is one that works much better if the intj is a male and the infp is a female . as a female ... i would like to second the surgeon suggestion . i might also suggest really thinking long and hard about entering into a medical specialty , such as dentistry or dermatology , that would almost require ... 8w9 . this makes sense as , while i am definitely an intj , i usually test low on the i ( 55-65 % ) . believe it or not , i never do that , and i think it is because of my view on arguing in general . if i enter into an argument with someone , it is to try to ( hopefully ) solve the problem on which the ... disclaimer : i don't know your g / f's type , and i am an intj ( but had a long-lasting relationship with an isfj and have a very close isfj friend ) . that said ... if there is one over-arching lesson ... warning : book ahead . i'll begin by asking a non-type related question : are you sure that you're not just idealizing the relationship now that you are no longer in it ( aka placing too much value on ... entp : not romantically compatible in my experience , but absolutely hilarious , creative , and highly intelligent . we make a great team when working on projects and the like . enfj : capable of ... not an intp ... meh ... mom : isfp ( and functioning alcoholic ) dad : estp ( borderline personality disorder , currently on high doses of anti-anxiety meds instead of therapy ) the only other nt in my ... ah ok . i admit , that form of consolation ( the words of comfort thing ) does feel rather useless / pointless . it seems to work for quite a few people though . it's often when i try to offer a solution ... note that i said that i am detached in a physical sense . none of the listening that i mentioned involves touching . if i don't know a person well , i don't comfort that person physically . as some others have said , if i don't know the distressed person at all , i am somewhat detached ( at least in terms of physical contact ) . one thing that i have had a bit of success with is simply ... i have known 2 esfps well . one was unhealthy , and given the plethora of stories already available about that situation i won't detail it here . the healthy one ? great , in small doses . we're good ... i think that the answer to your inquiry is relative to each individual intj . i say that , because your ex was more indecisive than i would have been ( which i will get into briefly below ) . in ... ( sigh ) i remember this phase in my interpersonal development . in my mid-teens , i realized that i was being overly-harsh with people , particularly when it came to rejecting them in some way . in an ... i have two infp friends , and what i value in them is their ability to so-eloquently ( and often elaborately ) express their fi and also their ne-driven creativity . said infps are also often hilarious ... i'm a borderline e ( still introverted though-but i usually only test between 55-60 % ) and an enneagram 8 so take the following with a grain of salt ... i prefer plans to be made further ahead than ... in echoing the be real sentiment , i say just be yourself . corny , yes , but intjs value sincerity and , furthermore , can often sense when a person is being fake in some way a mile off . also , i don't ... i am close to an intp who has been very ... down , lately . in short , said intp has stated that he has numerous complexes , feels inadequate in many ways , and that he currently feels as though he has ... ok , i will include some details that i didn't the first time . yes , she is my grandma . it is for this reason that i did show signs of listening , and even said i would take her advice into ... in my gut , i agree that i have done all that i can . my biggest issue ( and one about which i can do nothing ) is that she is going to seek out any female family member she can and gossip about our ... '