' as i recall , an attache is a special duty and you'll need a bachelor's degree to be an officer . that's great . just make sure you pick the job you enjoy and don't let them push you into a job they need filled . if you need to wait a few months , so be it . we nf's tend not to be very capable of working a job we ... i hardly watch much tv that most are going to watch anyway . i do enjoy star trek and disney cartoons as well as educational stuff , but i don't pay much attention to tv . i hardly ever watched the tv over there . i'm more interested in playing games or playing around on the computer . yeah , i know a few people who do that . i use that space though to being a game ... lol , you might want to go and talk to some of the people i've debated with over the years . i'm sure a few people on the critical thinking and philosophy thread think otherwise . wow , i walk into rooms and forget why i walked into the room to begin with . i also walk past places i met to go and visit and just didn't turn due to being lost in some thought . i have also gone into ... muhahaha . our plan is working because once everybody thinks we don't exist , we can go ahead and take over the world right from under your noses . everybody suspects the intj , but nobody expects the ... that means that you skipped step one and went straight to step two because you're just that special . : tongue : i know . i do know several intj visual artist who actually are pretty good at it . most of the inxj's tend to have some kind of arts skill . rather it be music , writing , or traditional kinds of ... in that case ... enjoy . i agree with this one , there's some things i would say are fine to compromise on and some things that are not . sex is a pretty serious deal to me and is actually quite a bit more physically risky to ... on a less serious note . i think disney has a message for everybody . blonde women have magical powers , so remember that people when you are dealing with us . : tongue : i never said she was a whore because there is more to it then just that . in any case , even not taking my christian views of the topic in mind , i could not let anybody who i didn't have any sort of ... i am married to an infp and being an infj , i could give a little incite into the differences and similarities . for starters , both types are highly idealistic and want nothing short of those ideals ... yeah , if you're looking for some kind of quick relationship , infj women are to be avoided . now , if you want somebody who sticks around for the long term though , that is a totally different story . that's because we infj's tend to be more somebody that grows on you vs somebody you could instantly like . and you just wish you were as artsy as us . : wink : well , the armed forces propaganda network err ... i mean afn isn't exactly quality tv , but it does beat nothing . even without my christian views of the topic in mind . i couldn't let anybody i didn't have an emotional attachment to touch me in that way . we tend to jump around from attachment to detachment and back again . it depends on at what point you catch us , in terms of how extroverted we might end up being , that day . yep , a great way of putting it too . although i'll pass on the hugs things , unless it is somebody i know . i don't like wearing shoes or socks , unless i have to . it doesn't bug me if others want to take theirs off too since i'll most likely not have my shoes or socks on , in my own house anyway . well , i did the jrotc thing when i was in high school and it sure beat the career options available to me living at home ( at the time ) . they are a lot of fun . some of them are a little bit ... don't let list hold you down too much . after all , from what i've read , infj's are not well suited for military careers and i've done pretty well , despite that . lol , is that what you want to keep telling yourself ? between your historical inaccuracies and logical fallacies , you're hardly one to talk about others ' not offering an argument . ' y sorry , ... hummm ... the math shows that sensors , as a whole are 54.2 % of that sample size , so that would say they are the majority of the population ( although not by much ) . i think it's more interesting that it ... infj's and infp's don't have a single cognitive function in common either , so i understand you there . well ... look at that ... i'll try not to be like hal ... : unsure : and the same works in reverse there too . i've ran into many strawmen arguments and diversions from the facts from atheist as well as christians . and yes , i have had debates with christians too over ... that i think is an nf thing in general . we tend to be people pleasers , just in different ways . i could care less about things like sports and i have become pretty adapt at being able to side step the ... here is a pretty good ' screw what others say , i'll do what i want anyway ' song : you could have fooled me with the rest of your post with stuff like : erm ... if you don't believe in him , you will go to hell and have pitch forks shoved up your anus for eternity . or : i ... to be fair to the op , i don't think she was saying that being an infj automatically means an entp is your match . many things are not observable , but that somehow doesn't stop them from existing either and if there is ' no known facts about god ' why is there so many things out there about him ? never claim ... and there goes the whole ' believers do not understand science and reason ' sort of nonsense . that didn't take long ... is his reasoning the whole ' tradition ' thing or something else ? many smart people are believers in god , in both past and present so intelligence has little to do with it . i think the real question ... now i think about it , that might be another major difference between nfp's and nfj's . how they connect with others . i'll have to remember that one next time because i could see that ne / te combo being ... i try , i have noticed most of the those i know of or suspect are entp's do tend to enjoy hearing others sides and to some degree , can be pot stirrers just for the fun of it . i don't have ... and how do you assume that ? did she give my post a thanks ? yes , if she didn't think it was at least helpful to hear another side of the story , why would she do that ? anyway , i am being quite ... i wasn't being mean nor did i even try to be mean . in fact , the oper even gave my first post a thanks . perhaps you are reading in hostility that really isn't that and just assuming i am being hostel ... so i wasn't the only one thinking , seriously dude , it's a movie . chill out and enjoy the fun . that could be part of it too , but i'm just trying to give examples . i know with my infp husband i do sometimes need to push him along a bit for ideas around the traditional ' gift buying ideas ' ( which ... yeah , it is nice to hear , but i just don't think there is such a thing as a ' natural type ' for anybody . i married an infp and i personally don't believe anyone is a ' perfect match ' based on some 4 letter code . i know an intj and an isfp who are married and have been married for over 20 years . likewise , ... this is something i did for another thread , but it might help you out too : well , to answer your question you kind of need to look at the difference between nfp and nfj and a few i've noticed and ... picking your major is so hard though . i mean , psychology is fun , but so is biology , history , chemistry , philosophy , writing , etc . how could anybody pick just one ? i really wish i could do 2 or 3 , but ... high school can be a little bit of a challenge to us infj's . i will tell you though that i did enjoy my college experience about 20 times more and had a far better time in college vs high school ... oh being divided between half a dozen passions and not knowing what one to go with . oh ... i can so relate to that one . welcome to the place though and don't mind omr too much . he is actually quite ... oh , we infj's can be quite blunt ourselves and it really was nothing for me to spend days by myself when i was single . '