' i tend to stealth around wherever i'm needed and serve a meaningful purpose . that said , i'm awfully hard to pinpoint based on what i like to do since i spend very little time on myself . i like ... sometimes it's nice to start organizing your thoughts into something big , like focusing on building up a world , write little descriptions and stories about locations in that world , drawings based on ... eek ... fi ! how do you feel about this movie ? - ( wait a sec ... how i feel about the movie ? o . o i was too busy feeling how the characters felt , i don't know ! ) - it was a nice movie ^ ^ come on , ... personally i enjoy therapy , may not sort the anxieties out immediately , but atleast it gives you the opportunity to say what's on your mind , and possibly sort out the deeper problems one has . wish ... to me , it's a bit of both , mostly a gift i'd say . while being able to connect with alot of people , there are times when it becomes a bit of a burden ... not that i mind it much , i think the reward of ... most isfj's i've met are so sweet , i bet you that you probably got nothing to fear about making your moves on her . most likely she will appreciate it because she's too shy to make a move herself . ... like aizar stated , i also get infj vibes , i also thought myself to be intj before i figured something was wrong , some detail that didn't fit the whole picture , i suppose it was my strong empathy and ... i guess there aren't many ways to come across to him without being a little harsh on the guy . you just have to make him realise that you've done all these things for him because you genuinely cared ... with a drive of selfimprovement and learning , i'm certain there are many infj's currently working on tackling issues that are in our way . here are a couple of things i'm trying to get better at ... sounds like an odd infj judging by the description you make , but nobody really acts according to their ideal preferences if they're broken and depressed though . seems to me , that if he's an infj , ... thank you for enjoying it : 3 it means much to me that someone appreciates what i do . i was also feeling a bit out of line with all others who scored relatively low , so i felt the need to explain ... i tend to get along well with most people that don't find my introvertedness a handicap or take advantage of it . i do enjoy the massive ti in intp's at times , there's just something reassuring about ... authority : 2.00 self-sufficiency : 3.00 superiority : 3.00 exhibitionism : 1.00 exploitativeness : 4.00 vanity : 0.00 entitlement : 1.00 a total of : 14 , the average it seems . even though i spent plenty of time in imagination land , i've always been highly aware of other people's emotions , and been very careful about starting conflict . i found a natural affinity for ... yeah ... i know what you mean , i feel alot safer using a different name on different forums . then again , i carefully plot all the incorrect personal information to contradict itself occassionally to ... t_t anxiety , i try not to worry about things and may seem like i don't to the external world , but on the inside , it just feels like there's too much to worry about sometimes , especially when others ... ah ! a point was to be made . i guess i was hoping it would sort of help you conclude something , then again , it might be a bit too subjective to conclude anything out of . felt like we were still in ... i'm getting confused about fe and fi from time to time ... i have a hard time spending time on what i really want to do , i could be playing single player games and there are some games i feel that i ... i'm glad you felt it was an enlightening post , i see you are still rather in the dark though , but it's ok . you could actually be quite balanced out between infj and intj which would be a good ... feels like you're stuck in trait descriptions a bit , and it's understandable since our understanding of certain things is rather subjective . figuring out your cognitive functions would be the best ... despite me having been friendzoned by someone i got a crush on , my loyalty is strong enough to simulate feelings of guilt if i was to actively look for another , it just feels like i would be harming ... i personally have great experiences with an istj , i'm sort of guiding his love life on the side other than gaming with him , and he values me greatly and has even come to view me as a big sister . i'm ... personally when i come to hate someone , that hatred goes deep , i'm generally forgiving about little things . but do note that little things for you may be a big thing for me . especially when it comes ... pride ... i think that for others , there is a certain authority one might want to maintain to remain trusted and valued , and so i personally have a hard time to commit to certain statements it's ... the way i experience intensity is like a sort of ... enlightenment that the only thing that is certain is uncertainty itself , which makes me experience the world as alot intenser than others might ... dear extraverted friend of highly opposing opinions ... you cannot accept that you can't comprehend me , and infact i'm actually offended by the fact that you make assumptions about me that you know ... ehehe xd that had me thinking for a while , what i meant was i don't use it as effectively as my fe thus it's quite difficult to access in comparison . those questions , they annoy me because i really don't have anything relevant to think up on a whim . how am i ? my inferior fi makes it sort of hard to determine , fine i guess , there's nothing ... someone : i have lost my keys , oh god , why does this happen to me ? have you seen them ? i'll have to change locks and everything , why are you so calm ? why don't you care ? aren't you bothered by my dire ... that moment when you become so deeply involved in something you do and you start relating it to other things and suddenly you've gone through it all without taking anything in but rather spent your ... haven't we all been through that i wonder , it's an unpleasant experience , but somehow it all makes sense like it's natural . the internet is a great place for satisfying your desire for closeness to ... hmm ... i'd say i got good humour , i find most things funny except for the really mean practical jokes or the inconsiderate kind of jokes that just hurts someone directly . something that would ... competition ? it depends , if all are winners . if someone wants to prove himself good at what he's doing by competing against a well established pro , i'm ok with that , but rivalry is something i've ... i am quite familiar with the intj personalities as i've thought i was intj myself , i guess you could basically view them as our siblings with better sustained self-drive but less charisma . spiritual , yet no religion fits my own set of morals , i create my own religion in my head , it's too abstract to convey into concrete words.all christianity does is get in my way . i'm glad you're feeling better ^ ^ i think that when we start doubting our true selves , that's when we don't feel very good . when i managed to find my true type i could start advancing for the ... got an istj friend who i help from time to time . he is younger than me so he views me as a sort of mentor who he can talk to . we work quite well together but i think he might not be as far developped ... hmm ... meh , give me the intj o3o we'll change the world together . my mother is enfp , and i love my mother , but she's so unorganized , it's hurtful , she mixes up mine and my sister's underwear all the ... shhh , does anyone else tend to read posts that starts with shhh in a low whispering voice , or is that just me ? xd thought myself that personality could change , in retrospect i was aware i had been infj my entire life , got tricked by all fancy titles of intj being mastermind , scientist and got me thinking i was ... seems like someone started a more dedicated thread on the subject here and to contribute to the thread's initial ... if someone is pulled away from me to be spoken to in private , i will sit where i sit , if i still hear what's going on , it's not my fault that my ears are so sensitive to the vibrations in the air ... exactly how i feel as well , although when i actually do have something to say , it's difficult at times to get some particular extraverts to be a bit more quiet and listen without resorting to yelling ... i think it might be a bit more complicated than that ^ ^ ' mbti brain types | lenore thomson bentz here's an article on the subject that you might find interesting o / judging by what the picture ... i just realised how interesting it was when i took a look at my family . me : infj - protector sis : enfj - giver mum : enfp - inspirer o_o almost filling up the entire dreamer category . with the ... hehe :D i guess anyone could make a joke about world domination , but if you are sure that it's not an extravert you're dealing with , i'd say xnxj would be the ones who are more likely to have such ... i've been mistaken for intj by some tests and myself sometimes until i discovered my true type . i've recently been trying to help a guy determine whether he's encountered an infj or intj , and here's ... haha xd that . i think the basis of my entertainment comes from somewhat contributing in whatever i do , as for games , i play with teams , on forums , i post in threads that usually have low post count ... outter differences o_o hmm ... that's a tough one . i think you'd have to become borderline stalker to really determine that , and if you're noticed , who knows what this person might be suspecting about ... they can be very similar due to their ni , and se , the main difference is that infj relies more on fe and ti , while intj relies more on te and fi . i suppose in black and white this would depict ... '