' google'd intp , came here . sorry ! i hate pictures of myself . . . so i post them . . . cuz . . . i don't give a shit what i want ! i'd spend a lot of my money making a robot like the things in avatar ( the blue guys not the air bender ) . i'd be able to see and feel everything as if i was living it , but the robot wouldn't get ... there are all kinds of different people in this world . some that don't care at all about the environment , some who care way too much . we intp should be smart enough to understand this , so why is ... as you can see from my avatar , i eat . . . quite a bit . i eat a lot more than i need and i know i do , i also know it's wrong , i know it's stupid , but i do it anyway , because i get so bored where i ... personally i believe all types can be chameleons . intp's tend to be better at it for the simple fact that we tend to be into a lot more things and we are also not so quick to judge . at work i am ... about add : my roommate was just diagnosed with it , that guy plays video games for hours , we watch tv shows for hours , hell we just watched the lord of the rings extended edition trilogy in a ... when i was younger ( early 20s ) i could easily just not sleep a night and then function perfectly fine the next day and still go to sleep fairly late . today i tend to go to sleep at around midnight ... i usually ask for cake . . . which is odd because i'm not a big fan of cake . . . i just like the idea of cake . i don't normally ask for money simply because if i'm doing a task for someone then ... i don't overthink things , i just like to do some metal research to see if what i'm about to do / say is worth it . today for example i saw a co-worker who happened to look very nice , my train of ... hey ! there is absolutely nothing wrong with stuff ! lol i'm afraid i have a lot more than 10 cables , lol i have so many power supplies for devices i no longer have , part of me says dude , ... new best friend but one of the most loyal ever ? not sure if i should be happy or sad lol . either way , yes , yes we are . :) xyz's are awesome ! you should never get rid of them ! lol i have a memories box that i like to call my introverted sensing box lol . it's full of things most people would call garbage , like ... i love my singles day , i get me the best gifts ! i kind of gave up on finding someone . shouldn't say gave up , part of me would still like to find that special someone some day , but i've kind of given up on trying . there is just way too much to ... sometimes i feel like this may be true , specially when i find myself actually wanting to do something with someone . but i think it still drains me even if just very slowly because eventually i get ... i'm an intp and i can't wait to go to my brothers house tonight so i can hang out with a bunch of friends while teaching some noisy kids how to play some instruments . i absolutely love social ... you don't want to know . . . hell i don't want to know :( just recently i paid $ 200 to upgrade one phone line to a droid dna , then i spent $ 700 to get the galaxy note ii on the other phone line ... correct , if an intp enjoys what he's doing he'll really go at it for hours and forget about all kinds of things , like eating . personally , sounds like an intp to me . seems to live a lot more in ... i don't really understand why so many intp seem to want to be emotionless . emotions are what makes us interesting . i have felt love for many people , i currently feel love for many people and i feel ... i have a lot of strengths really . my ability to know a little bit about a lot of things is always fun , allows me to make friends with more people . not good close friends , that circle is rather ... i look at some serious extroverts and the idea of not being able to be on my own is just weird to me . you can see how miserable some of these guys get when they are forced to be on their own . ... i consider myself a christian . but i also consider myself an enemy of christians . not really an enemy but there is so much about christianity that i dislike that i don't even like being called a ... hey ! i'm not a robot ! i'm human 2.0 ! i'm also human sleepy . . . i don't know what i'm saying , good night ! :) he's a lucky guy having found someone that will even take the time to try and understand him and look past his lows and remember all the good that he can also be . i hope all goes well for you guys :) late in the conversation as usual but i was a bit upset at some of the earlier responses this thread got . making any big change is difficult on any intp specially if it's not a change you ... people come to me for a lot of things . a lot of time they come to me for advice with their relationship issues . not sure what about a single 34 year old man makes them think i know jack about ... i've got one , but it's just a picture of a cheetah . i've always loved cheetahs so i don't think i'll ever tire of it . it's on my arm . . . but i usually have shirts with longer sleeves so really ... just like normal nature , the stronger one is the leader . in our society the one that knows the most about a subject normally becomes the leader . unless that person just plain doesn't care . then ... i did think about estj for a while , but the guy is so jolly all the time and most of the descriptions i read about estj made them look quite boring . this guy is always smiling , always looking to hug ... thanks for the replies ! it may seem silly to some that i try to type the people around my office , but ever since i started learning more about mbti i feel i understand why certain people in the ... very true :) i actually have no regrets about any of them , i learned a lot from them . not sure how i forgot the last one i dated , not sure what i'd qualify her as either . she had no problems ... i've dated 1 entp , 1 isfp , 2 infj , 1 esfj . they all had crazy with them . i would certainly hope i'm right about stuff , it's my nick name :) i can certainly be horrible at remembering things that i know and think about often . like i've been meaning to send a friend of ... that last comment was me joking , calm down :) as for giving him time , i don't know , i like to know that things are ok with my friends when they contact me and act normal . if you give him time he ... we usually don't dislike people for the hell of it . we do tend to dislike certain commitments . whenever i've told anyone that i'll help them with anything scheduled i hate myself for it . i just ... ok , i was joking , i obviously don't really know anything about time travel but i too would be interested on how this has actually been proven to be a fact . :) i don't see how traveling at any ... i'm into so many things i don't know what i can consider a hobby and what i can't . i guess technology , currently very much into the cell phone / tablet market but i don't know what it'll be a few ... well i'm not going to sleep now because i just woke up ! ! glad to see i'm not the only one with sleep issues . i mean , i sleep fine but i hate sleeping . and it's not like i have anything better ... have we define cheating ? because when i say i've cheated on someone i was dating i mean i've formed feelings for someone else and pursued those feelings . i have never slept with anyone while in a ... i've cheated on women i've been with , but i wouldn't call them my significant others . . . ok , so i've been trying to type my boss for a while just for fun . i've thought he is many things but currently i'm seriously thinking enfj . he's in his 50s so it's very difficult to tell but i ... i'm kind of like that today still . i want to be in a relationship really badly , but then when i think about really being in a relationship , it scares me like crazy . the idea of always having to ... there is nothing wrong with having a career , living your life for a career is the problem . allowing your career to dictate what you do with your life is the problem . never give up on who you really ... i completely agree . who says we have to get married ? who says we have to have kids ? and if you don't have a wife and kids then who says you have to live in any specific way ? i am the type of ... you could try talking to the guy , or email the guy since we become so much more talkative over email , or you could just forget about him and just let him find out if he made a mistake later . ... i'm more of the belief that the parents buy the kids the presents but also santa does . how does this work ? well , it's obvious that santa claus can't go buy everyone gifts and give them all out ... i'm kind of the same way i guess . i live 3 minutes away from work , but i get up at 5:00 am . i don't start getting ready for work till 7am . from 5 to 7 it's just me going online looking up stuff i ... well at my workplace i see so many people who have to be checking their emails constantly even when outside of work . it's like they feel everything will fall apart if they wait till the next day to ... i have to get to work before 8 am because otherwise i will get some really crappy parking rather far from the entrance . so what i do is i get there early , park and then wait in my car listening to ... '