' awol nation - sail ( sorry i didn't feel like looking up the video on youtube ) i have been dating my bf for 8yrs and he is an istj . he is very regimented , principled , and scheduled . he loves to make lists , and isn't shy about telling his boss what he thinks . he seems very ... i am generally not lonely , even when i am alone i enjoy it . it would be a lie though to say that i have never been lonely . you also can't group all intj's into a simple category . some are lonely ... need for speed the run catherine ( an awesome japanese puzzle game ) brink ( first person shooter by bethesda ) well i did say that real iq tests are much longer with many more and different kinds of questions . i just thought i would share the link to the test that i was told is fairly accurate . btw maybe ... i took this test and got 130 free iq test - fast , free and accurate online iq test which i was told by a psychologist that performs iq tests with his patients that this is a fairly acurate iq test , ... i think people with large intellectual egos have a difficult time when someone disagrees with them or tells them they are wrong . i don't think you can change something like that ... you can try to be more objective i suppose . it's the way your brain processes things . i felt that way in highschool ... but i don't really care any more . the only time it seems to matter is at work like i don't know how to play the game which can really cause problems . people tend to ... conversation with my sister at my parents ' house me : hi , i just stopped by to get my sweater i forgot it yesterday sister : oh hi , i stayed home from school today i'm not feeling good . i was ... well people don't want to know true feelings unless they are happy feelings , especially at work . i've found you're considered a downer if you express any emotion other than elation . laugh and the ... i ate soap , ivory soap ... that was the only kind i liked . and i wouldn't eat it so much as put it in a cup of water for the duration of my bath and then drink the water . i really enjoy the ted talks , i first discovered them in a sociology class i was taking . my stupid computer won't load the video . our society does undervalue the introvert , they are seen as ... i scored 32 , but i know i don't have that spectrum of disorders . just because i don't like social settings , doesn't mean i'm not adept at them . except for keeping a conversation going , i have a ... i find these people to be narcissistic and shallow , they think they are very important . well this is a venting thread so ... i am in this abnormal psyc class , which is cool because it's interesting and compared to anatomy the styles of the classes are night and day . there's a thing ... yes that's very true , i've often wondered that myself . besides intj is not supposed to mean you're a sociopath . although i have to admit when i first found these personality tests i played into that ... fear of complete failure lol , whoops wrong forum i became more open minded , logical , a little more sequential , ambitious / driven , responsible , skeptikal , self assured / confident , less critical of myself , more informed , more self esteem , more ... i'm heteromantic and bisexual , can't see the woman thing being long term . besides it's something i keep to myself and haven't told any one . i'm obsessed with my teeth it depends on how good of a friend it is . most people i guess i would , but i would also think would that person do the same thing for me ? if the answer is no , then i might not go . i've been in the ... when you judge people harshly when your an eternal skeptik when people always tell you you're too strict when people have a hard time meeting your expectations you're a pessimist maybe those ... i hate talking on the phone because it's boring i would rather talk in person . there is no connection through texting . ppl drain me , but i'd still rather be in person . i think texting is one of ... some stupid commercial you have to be an extremely motivated person to do online school . i take online classes in college sometimes and they are almost always harder and more challenging than in the classroom . if you ... shrugs , sure i guess . i have worked for many companies where the management and leadership was piss poor and if i would have just asked that one question , which is a good sign of poor management , i ... no it means they can fire you for any reason they want . i don't need to be told i'm doing a great job all the time , but i am anal and want to know specifics . this statement stands even for a job at ... i have a fantastic tip that i got from my business ethics professor . it sounds good in the interview and it is really good advice to follow . at the end of the interview when they ask if you ... my bf is an istj , he is so hardworking , has an extreme sense of duty and has so much patience . his sense of humor is like mine , and he's so caring . sometimes he pisses me off though because he ... my toilet leeks on the floor , and doesn't work anymore . the shower doesn't work either . the floor is rotten under the tub . the light bulbs always blow ( i really hate that ) . i hate american idol . ... imajika by clive barker don't know who i want cast in it . i agree with this post so much it invokes a lot of feelings in me . i find people so tiresome . people in my family , people at work , people at school . sometimes i just want to disappear to an island ... thank you for the thought , i will look into that . something bugs me about those tests though . what if you feel both ways . sometimes i am a chameleon , but other times i feel detached ... like i'm ... love your avatar btw i guess it is just me lol i'm a little confused ... maybe it is just me . are you trying to be a match maker lol ? i guess i am a little slow . oh wow that sounds just like me , i thought i was just weird and didn't have my own personality or something . it is so nice to know that other people do that too . the news , and my boyfriend snore all of these posts are so sweet and nice . i feel like i'm going to be the odd bird , by talking about my anger . i hate when people attack my thoughts , i hate when people attack my ideas . i like ... i don't have any advice , the same thing happens to me . please let me know though , if you find out . being diplomatic doesn't work anyway , sometimes they still turn on you just because they are offended . so they attack everything you say no matter what it is . then they get really made when you ... yes , sometimes insidious i was also raised christian , i had very strong faith . although i guess i did always question the viability of all it . but i was always afraid and felt bad about myself . i cried because i ... too many feelings and moods to pick just one ...  sorry too ... can't say i really like any religions , i'll admit scientology is one of my least favorite . though i believe they are all harmful , especially the indoctrination of children . i harbor no ill will for ... i think i did ... toltec spirit is the book , ugh nevermind i think i just read who wrote it . theun mares ... course that could be wrong too . ugh it came from a book and it has really cool stuff in ... crap i realized i didn't give credit to who those rules came from ... i did in other posts , but i guess not this one . any way i didn't come up these all by myself . the credit goes to toltec . ... i wouldn't mind either , but make it a man entj ! :) '