just to make things clear , my ex was 100 % an infj . she tested that way from mbti and kersey and pretty much matched the book description . my best friend is an infp and i work with several . i have ... thanks everyone for posting . this person does seem a little different , but as any of you who have been badly hurt in life know things that remind you of painful experiences can bring out a knee jerk ... it's been a while since i've been on perc but life has driven me back here . i'm hoping some of you infjs can give me some help . i was married for 12 miserable years to an infj . she was very ... i type him as a infp . i have a infp friend who is pretty much po in human form . any suggestions ? looking to edit youtube vids . ok , so as an entp i'm very prone to over thinking things . i'm very proud of my small sliver of iroquois ancestry ( 1/64 th ) and think it's shameful how most of america has just moved on without ... i've found both estps and istps great people to do things with . they're fun , spontainious and will take just about any date . i've never dated either type though and i'm sure that could complicate ... have you ever meditated ? settling yourself and breathing deeply helps with the stress . until your world moves on you are going to have a lot of stress . you can't escape it , but you can deal with ... i don't know your dad or the back story . he may be really frustrated . i'd say just be honest with him and tell him that before he can expect to have influence over your life he just needs to be ... i have more thanks than posts , thank you . how does that feel ? fealing isn't rational , but it is judging . it may use input but there's no method behind the method . just google the ennegram . no idea , but it's worth a try . whatcha doing next weekend ? spa gift certs . yup , we always have a comeback . that's why she needs to understand you too . your friend is probably an entp or an entj . i'd bet an entp . get her into mbti , that will give you a chance to explain who you are as an enfp . nts , especially young ones , have to think their way ... in 10 years your major probably won't even matter , let alone your gpa . it does give you a good headstart , but it's not everything . you cannot think your way through feelings . you have to feel your way through them . turn you massive brain off and go with how you feel . it's hard and awkward but very doable . drinking taught me ... i was home schooled as well , but i don't really have any regrets about that . i started taking college classes when i was 14 but never graduated with a degree . i do regret not finishing my degree . ... estps and istps are both good people to do things with . they're a lot of fun . just don't expect them to want to hear about how you're redoing one of einstein's theories . welcome to the party ! no jam here . but people do occasionaly take jello shots . yup , this is always a good idea . you may even want to report it to the police . i'm shocked everyone is taking it so lightly in your school relevent to recent events . odds are good nothing with ... just watch this water , sleep and exercise . i don't know anything about candida , but probiotics help a lot of stomach problems . make sure you sleep 8 + hours a night . our bodies can fight a lot of problems , but ... if you want a job at a major corporation get a 4 year degree in something usefull . doesn't really matter what as long as it isn't pre-revolution pottery techiniques of reformist in west virginia or ... try poking around google + to go to bed , wish granted . i love myself . what , to be an ep i have to want to get things done on days i have nothing scheduled ? ? ? i tend to be overly focused but trust me i know how to waste a day off . most of us drop out of college long before then . it would really depend on the financial impact of the decision . i don't know you , so i'm shooting in the dark here . but it may be a good idea to realize people can be your friend without becoming emotionally close to you . you need both types of friends . take ... if i had to bet - enfp . have you tried a kiersey based test ? i personally think they are the most accurate . enfps always bring the party . we never have enough of them . welcome to the cafe ! you probably should post this in the infp forum . you'll probably hear a lot of similar stories there . you need to find a good friend to reinforce you . one of my best friends is an infp and we ... you're probably in a very negative enviroment at the moment . that kills the motivation of every infp i know . find a place for positive reinforcement then plod on to victory in the other areas of ... join the chess club . no , i'm serious . i have several intp friends and they do well in situations around other nts . find a chess club , debate club , local dungeon and dragons club . anyplace you're ... i was married to an infj for 12 years . the thing i learned is she very muched needed someone to be emotionally close too . you need to find that person in your life . don't try and entp , we don't ... i had an extremely bad experience with an infj ( ex-wife ) and although i find them very hot will never touch one again . you want nice emotional order in the world and i'm a bringer of chaos . bad ... we can never be strong enough to save our loved ones . from what you've said you weren't a coward , you wanted to be there for him . i hadn't thought about it in a while but i felt the same way when ... it doesn't matter . really , it doesn't . over the next 10 years your life will be in flux a lot and things will keep changing . do what you want , where you want right now . follow your dreams . ... i lost my father when i was 21 . it will be 12 years ago on january 1st . while the intense grief won't be there forever , the hole in your heart will . no one can every be another father to you . ... thanks guys . i should mention my mom lives 15 minutes from me and i see her 2-3 times a week . i do want to spend time with her . it is just that i'm on edge around her because of this . it may be hard for you to follow a traditional law path and be satisfied . the key is to know why you like something and what you truely like doing . if you can find a way to fulfill who you want to ... i'm having some issues with my mother . i'm in my 30s and she is in her 60s . i'm nearly done with a divorce and she has terminal cancer . my father passed away about 12 years ago . she is an entj if ... something very different that the last date . entps are interested in systems . people are systems too . i learned this technique from a micro-managing entj that it took 3-4 years to get out of my business . always stay focused on productivity . tell that manager how much you hate it when people make ... it's cuz we're soo much smarter . ne first rocks the world . they spend days , weeks , even years trying to figure something out and we ne it in 30 seconds . just because we don't write down the steps ... the funny thing is that kiersy wrote about how idealists ( nfs ) hate lables and things that divide people , so in hating lables you're living up to your own ! now there are type haters , even here . ... and you're an infj at the moment ... she does seem to rant like an entp , but she uses more sensor type wording so estp is possible too . she is funny either way . than go find another entp ! i have very developed ti , so i can understand . i use it in all my personal decisions and i tend to fixate romantically more than most entps , but probably not as much as ...