' the robot is a reaper ; a sentient machine being that waits in deep space which eventually comes into the galaxy to eradicate organic life due to the inevitable compromise of all natural systems by ... agnostic ; insufficient data for a meaningful answer [ as to whether religion has realistic merit or not ] . intj ; the introvert is clear , the thinking is characterized based on the lack of any part of the pp being in correspondence to feeling , intuition based on what seems to be a glimpse of an inner ... intp creative ; i tend to find everything that is considered funny by some kind of individual , to be funny , although my expression to it's funniness ( laughter , etc ; whether i laugh or not ) is ... decisiveness vs . indecisiveness ; rate of response to an answer ; confidence in one's answer ; likelihood to ponder a small amount of closely related possibilities vs . all that one has the capacity to ... 9444094438 how on earth does one insert an image whilst perserving it's original resolution ? uurrrggg ! so long good mood ! 94441 this site needs a serious interface revolution as well ... i think it depends on if your teaching something theoretically or not ; if you cut to the chase in educating someone theory , then your probably a pretty lousy educator . in the case of using a ... entjs for some reason ; i can be friends with sjs from a social level , i . e . party friends , but have a hard time building a deeper connection than that . i like getting in debates and stuff with intps ... yeah , i guess that puts it in better perspective , that should have been obvious to me ; thanks . i do kind of value being honest to others over earning respect from them , i can't do much with respect anyways , especially because my views on certain ideas in which everyone seems to disagree and ... i'm so sorry monemi ; your right , and please don't take what i said to heart . i was certainly in a drunken stupor and take back everything i said . what i said was utterly f # $ % ed up . sometimes i feel ... [ deleted ] typism - what a stupid idea ; the wrongs of typism are an object of your own being here . if you consciously participate in the mbti segregation , i . e . labelling yourself as some sort of mbti type , ... nice use of analysis ; i think this is the first set of data that was collected and analyzed in this thread , it makes the argument a little less conceptual , and allows for the theoretical concepts ... my personal attitude towards any kind of person will change sporadically . i am always in one of two swing-states , i . e . down mood or up mood ; i'm slightly bipolar , it's just a reality i have to ... when people try to organize things such as intelligence and mental ability , they will most certainly fail , and the statistics will end up making others feel of less value in terms of those ... i spend most of my time out in the world ; i don't spend much time in the basement , it tends to instigate down feelings on my emotional state . my explanations tend to manifest mostly from my pattern ... i don't think nt's are smarter than others , i don't think you can measure that ; i think based on the definitions from mbti ( and other models ) , we may differentiate how people collect information and ... likewise , very well said . thanks for listening , and sometimes we avoid the negative or are scared to be exposed to what makes us uncomfortable ; i see these as opportunities to learn about yourself and learn lessons which will ... yes ; racism , sexism , and everything of that sort are specifically due to the differences between individuals . if we allow complete segregation , then our civilization ( s ) will not be in coherence with ... senseless rambling acts as the trailblazing of new ideas ; there have been studies showing that tired individuals think more creatively due to the fact that their are less mental inhibitions to end ... yeah man no problem ; it's good stuff for anyone , girls and guys alike , and whenever you feel like your in a rut or a little lost or misunderstood just know your a winner and can get through anything ... yes , i agree with your consideration of our differing views ; i don't wish to impose my ideas on you as much as receive feedback on them , and only negative feedback can make them stronger , so thank ... this is fundamental to differentiating people ; we are all different , but if we only focused on how we are alike , there would be no organization of the different behaviours of individuals . mbti itself ... if you truly understand nature , you would see that it has absolutely no direction whatsoever ; you yourself , and all living organisms , are only self-replicating hardware that are specialized for a ... i know how you feel ; at least you've been liberated from what you consider the majority . the fact that a billion people ( or in theory , trillions of billions of people ) believe something passionately , ... this comment is unnecessary . subjecting yourself to that belief will surely only perpetuate it , not that there is anything wrong with that . like i said in my first post , the implication of the experience on the individual is subject to the interpretation of the experience and the emotional associations that are made with that experience , ... hmm , i believe your memory in this context may be more related to what is consciously remembered ; the sub-conscious may retain much more information than that of the conscious mind , it is not fully ... i believe your personality is the result of everything you've ever remembered , your interpretation of the events , and the emotional weighting associated with those events , which forms a sort of ... you said i am not helping to create utopia , and yes , i took the most likely approximation of what the masses consider a possible utopia ( distinguished by their political views ; the direction they ... my feelings have nothing to do with what makes sense ; and the fact that you have patrons that admire you , even secretly , does not discount the fact that the majority of the population , those with ... the society of their time hated them , they wanted them dead and burned alive on a stake . whatever society appreciates of them now , they were not subject to the good treatment , they were shoved into ... draw a pyramid of enlightenment ; the individuals at the top are considered all-knowing with respect to the rest of the individuals beneath them . draw a line 7/10 ' s up the vertical of the pyramid , and ... your idea of a utopia is what is preached in modern liberal society , equality and free everything for all , etc ; this is not a utopia . the ability to be happy and satisfied is subject to the fact that ... lol well , newton and da vinci didn't submit to the judgement of the people around them , and our society now praises them . the ability to triumph the judgement of others is the most important quality of a ... no you see i actually have girls do that for me , thank you , and i did this for my own fun not for other's ; i just like to have fun . and yet you continue the conversation ? haha , well i think i'd like to come across a little creepy than crazy hmm ? torrent these books : tao of badass dating and relating vin de carlo's pandora's box read them , and integrate these pua theories into your intp complex concept map of everything ; try to ... i'm not in a basement , i'm usually out with friends , at a rave or nightclub , or in a lab doing research . i also like to eat healthy and thus spend plenty of time in the kitchen . but no i am not ... read the other sentences in those paragraphs , don't just hear what you want to hear . if a sensor in real life got on my nerves , it would be rationalized by the fact that i know they are limited in ... my explanations on this forum have nothing do to with my personality in real life . in real life , i am loved by everyone i know , though many do because i put up a superficial social shield that has ... the problems are not known ? they've been written on the wall all along ! they've been right in front of us , it is only that we are subject to a democracy that steers in the direction of meagre human ... my responses to others emotionally instigated attacks are only reflections of their own emotional instability , and not an object of my own intolerance . i am actually a pinnacle of tolerance , though ... mindless robots with respect to the things they face in the near future ; i don't think i could muster the motivation to work as if i'm actually going to have a retirement , i'd rather just make do and ... lol doers , best pawns of all , work mindlessly for hours ; make a good fuck to . the tangibility of moving humanity forward has been lost , the civilization is now written off and the many possibilities we used to ponder as to where society would go and the rationalization of ... '