' enfp ; without a doubt . they are - anecdotal experience , of course - emotional logical . they can sum up a situation , and act in a logical emotional way . enfps - the ones i know , of course - usually ... we play using our logic and use theoretical understanding to grasp concepts . an intj may discover doing x behaviour creates l consequence and carries the behaviour out to observe and test the ... regardless , he has done more in his life then anyone else could dream of . he is up there with alexander the great and genghis khan ; albeit that his reign only lasted 12 years . i do not care what people say , this was the greatest pypuo i have ever read . i mean , really ? it is like we are completely removed from the ' real world ' . you see everyone else leading the ' normal life ' , and you are sitting on the side lines . you know that you want to play ... china's search for security the rise of china vs . the logic of strategy the coming of the third reich emotionally stable , reliable , high energy , practical , thrifty , and persistent i can't begin to fathom how much this test failed . so my best friend recently ' starred ' in a movie called johnny swade . i've seen the tralier recently , and it is so bad . i mean it is awful . so i'm just going to leave this here ... ... i think you're boarding the line of ethnocentrism , my friend . it doesn't matter how advance your society becomes , it only matters if it finds meaning in this existence . to give credit to the third world , a number of them have been suppressed by foreign interests for quite some time . walden two - b . f skinner the lucifer principle - howard bloom why nations fail - jame robinson and daron acemoglu inside the thrid reich - albert speer beyond freedom and dignity - b . f skinner finally , someone who gets it . i wouldn't say anything ; i'll just bash the shit of him . white power bill : infp gene parmesan : entp gillian : intj ice : istj franklin : enfp i agree . i can't understand why people think he was stupid or crazy ; when they know what the man accomplished . hitler is undoubtedly the most influential person of the 20th century . read below . without emotions , there can be no logic . however , to say emotions are more important than logic is quite silly . or vice-versa abortion is the greatest invention since genocide ! blood and soil : a world history of genocide and extermination from sparta to darfur by ben kiernan honestly ? i cannot remember . i cannot , it is impossible . i am going under the assumption that hitler was an inf . i believe he could had been anything else ; this leaves the question was he an infj or an infp ? this is hard to tell because hitler seemed to ... researching jung i would pin him as an intp . i can't justify why , but it rings true to me . no one can deny he was nothing but an inf . he was exceptionally lazy but also exceptionally controlling . hitler was an infx , no doubts about it . mein kampf - adolf hitler . mein kampf - adolf hitler . i think i've just died a little inside . and for the study , i've always knew i've hated coffee for a reason . the b . f . skinner is strong in this one . humans are the cause of all problems ... oh yeah , i went there . benevolent dictatorship for all ! just finshed reading b . f skinner's books . i am currently researching mao . when i die and somehow realize that i am still conscious , i am going to be soo pissed . no , no i am not . i'm a big fan of epigenetics . so , i'm going to say that . a bad one . i like to judge . well , do you ? boredom really . a walking , living paradox . i love emotions . infjs : intps kryptonite . i understand what you are saying and i agree with you . however , i am saying you need emotion to perceive and understand the equation . by emotion i mean neural-circuitry and neural-chemistry . logic is a byproduct of emotion , yes . also , if humans didn't have emotions , they would not be alive . i'm talking about the biological nature of logic . that is , how people reach a logical conclusion in the first place . logic is a byproduct of emotion . if you could not generate emotion you would just lay there , doing nothing . if emotions are subjective , so is logic . i guess that's probably true . '