' love the new cold play ep that dropped today . this song was amazing . ahhh ! ! ! just had the most awkward phone call ever . i need it get it out of my system but its still sitting there slowly haunting me . i knew i should have asked to do email rather than a phone ... why the hell do i continue to do something i hate with a passion ? i feel like i can't escape and i'm being taken over with no escape . 1 in my personal email . no more than 5 in my work email . do you smoke ? no . what are your drinkings habits ? wine , beer ? i do not drink for the most part . what about exercise ? and eating healthy ? i run every day and make sure my body is in good ... i've been the same way my whole life . i have always gravitated to people older than myself . even when i was younger i would rather be around someone in their 40 ' s - 50 ' s since i could have an ... traveling and getting fully out of my comfort zone . for years i have procrastinated on this , but this year if things continue to work out well i will finally be able to accomplish those things . apples glad everything got sorted out and your back here again ! will you be able to go back to your old username or did you just change it for a different reason ? i love collecting old / vintage items . i used to collect old money but that was when i was younger . just last weekend i came across a newspaper from 1919 and bought it , its from the san francisco ... seeing me and my friends start to part ways is really one of the worst feelings i have ever dealt with . i'm finding it harder and harder to find the same common ground that once brought us together ... are you prone to giving unsolicited advice ? yes , i am quite prone to do so but rather with the ones that are close to me . i think its a bit of both wanting to share with them my own experiences and ... not sure if this is her or not ... although she does come up with some pretty funny threads , like the one in the spam sub forum about her fart fetish . not an infp , but thought i would share this magical song since you did . it takes me to another planet , can't get enough of it . also welcome to perc ! i am very , very selective on what i say . besides one family member , i usually only talk to my close friend about things that i hold dear to myself . yet on the other side i sometimes cannot help to ... bad jobs for me : - anything customer service related . - having to sale anything , i'm the kind to make people never buy anything since i hate lying to people . - marketing good jobs : - quality ... - i drive like an old man and proud of it :) - i always have to sleep with a pillow underneath my legs or between them - whenever i find out that someone i am around is even close to being sick i hold ... regardless of how you hold the cup , or whats in the cup , it always comes around full circle to ones perception . the cup is always half full or half empty , perception is key . most of the time i can remember conversations pretty well . however i have noticed with certain people when they talk to me i usually can't even remember what they said a few seconds later . reason ... you make a good point , and i have thought about that as well . stepping back a bit might ease the tension as well and not cause as many issues going forward hopefully . she is also three states away so ... one of the biggest things that makes me feel empowered is living on my own and traveling . when i lived by myself ( soon to be again ) it was one of the best times in my life . i had no one to tell ... thought i would share this experience i had yesterday when i was finally able to overcome one of the biggest hurdles in my life . hope this can be an encouragement to anyone else that might find it ... one of my bad qualities is that i have a hard time with communication in relationships , more so when there is tension or there is a fight i tend to hide away rather than confronting said person right ... at times i can be , but i try not to be vain since that is something that i usually dislike in others so i try not to do it myself . or maybe i am super vain within myself and just don't show it ... never really thought about it but no . that's kinda gross : shocked : i agree with what lizw 47 said above . texting can be one of the worst ways to express oneself and a lot of times can be taken out of context since you cannot hear the other persons voice or facial ... biggest issue i am facing now is trying to decide what i want to do :/ sounds amazing . did you retire early ? i couldn't agree more with this . if people are being toxic towards you even your friends you need to create strong boundaries and let the know its not ok to treat you like this at all . if they ... what leads you to believe this ? i never thought infj's could be close to istp's but i guess you never know ! what brought you to the infp subforum ? you guys seem really interesting and kind of mysterious to me . also whenever i think of infp's i think of tons of kittens in a box ready to be cuddled . i understand where your coming from . seems like you have been hurt in the past and don't want that to happen again . it's ok to not want to be totally open when meeting new people and even then for ... i had a job at a call center as well , it did help me out in lots of areas but the stress was so much it caused other health issues that really was not worth going through . ah yes ! i shall try to ... nope , despise it with a passion . didn't help that i am horrible at math too and during highschool had the worst experience with it . for as long as i can remember i have always had issues with verbal communication . it wasn't to bad when i was younger since i rarely talked in most cases , but now that i am getting older its ... always and forever . woah woah . that's very rude of you to say . eh , dfw is meh . i was used to the mid south rain and dfw felt like a desert to me with it raining like once a month . i will say tx has some amazing ... . well its 1946 now so i guess we have :) that is pretty hard to deal with :/ i feel ya though , i have had many family members i know and even one of my friends where they claim they can heal and such and all i have to say is well if you can ... why thank you . i like to keep myself quite classy ! my leg game is on fleeek ! ya first entp girl ! ! ? kaboomz  645426 thanks for raiding us ! ! :) my fire burns evermore for entp's . ps : we need more entp girls over there ;) whats this feeling inside me ? ? ? ! ! ! i want to all of the sudden hug every entp out there . heeelllp me ! me need entp righhht noww . lord of fusyonthesis pics or nah . here is every entp going after infj's . please don't stop . i like it to much , i want to be chased after , make me feel good . ... '