' yes , my intuition is right pretty much most of the time ! i tend to keep it quiet though cause i have freaked people out with it . monkey business with marilyn monroe . it was actually quite funny , but too long . i love reading ! it's just , i never actually get around to it . either i'll start reading and get restless , or i will just decide there is something else i'd rather do . but if there's a book that ... i feel the same way . i am worried i ruined a possible relationship that could have been wonderful , all because i started out with huge walls around me . ugh . lost , like a broken doll ... i love italian food , my favorites are all types of pastas . i also love chocolate ! ah , yes ! it's a terrible feeling , isn't it ? ! like i am trying desperately to hold onto something , yet it is running through my hands like water . nice , i love those new names you came up with - they really seem to fit ! ! my pets : 2 dogs , one estp and one esfp . 3 cats , an estj , an istj , and an istp . they are all s , haha ! i need an n animal :) oh my , i know exactly how you feel ! when i am stressed , i usually get stomach pains first , and then as the stress gets worse i start getting the chest pains just as you do . along with the pains , my ... all about eve - an excellent movie , i loved it ! i also watched the godfather again , which is always good . i think you are right in classifying that as fe , more . while i do agree with the statement , i only really thought about too little or too much use of emoticons after reading what you posted . for me ... that's true for me , i don't like to be judged . i hate when things are assumed about me . i definitely have some fe , i can see it from time to time . the only major issue i have with fe is when ... i haven't heard the extroverts / dogs introverts / cats thing . it's interesting , but not exactly true for me . i mostly like dogs and cats the same , but would probably choose cats more : tongue : they are ... oh wow , i always get asked what's wrong ? in social situations , haha . it's generally because at that point , i have drifted off into my own world / thoughts , and don't have enough energy to smile and ... american psycho and amélie . both great : happy : definitely ! one of my good friends is a female intj , and we get along great . we actually go about things / think in similar ways . i am always inundated with feelings like you describe . it's awful and overwhelming . mostly i just redirect my energy elsewhere - i have to tell myself that there isn't anything i can do directly about ... i agree with this completely ! that's exactly how i look at it . i always get dressed , it makes me feel better all around : happy : american graffiti . so good ! it's strange to me that having bad posture would have anything to do with being an enfp . i have good posture ! i know a couple enfjs who can talk and talk , haha . i would also say esfp , i know one of those as well who talks a lot . i agree with those also who said esfj . as for me , i am an enfp and i am not that ... mine is 459 , more specifically 4w3 , 5w4 , 9w8 . it seems to fit ! this is basically me too ! i always use ni , it's pretty much just as strong as my ne . i like it . also , i too am not that far from being typed as infj , though i am definitely an enfp . as you put it , it's endearingly adorkable . very cute ! :) i feel awful for you . you have had such a hard life ! however , it is better for you not to have your infj and the intj former roommate in your life . sure the emotions of all that hurt but i think it's ... i love science ! it's a great interest of mine . math , not so much , though i am not bad at it . i have a friend , an enfp , who loves math . he is majoring in it as well , and says that math is like a ... that's what i am thinking . i definitely agree that the most numerous types on here are infp , intj , and infj . i always feel like this and enjoy it :D i am enfp and a 4w3 , and my sister is also a 4w3 ( but an infj ) . the multiple personalities fits , because it's all about how i would want to seem in that moment , with whatever person or people i am ... this is so good , i agree with all of it ! the enfp one fits , i have been like that in the past , with much of the infj one added in . this is dead on . people always say things like this about me ! oh , i love this ! i have never heard of puke and snot . it made me laugh :D and you are right , it is very appropriate ;) i seem very inxj-ish in college . like quiet , inquisitive , and studious :) not really sure why i come off that way though there . ni , ne , te , fi :) i also like ti a lot . this kind of thing happens with me all the time . i constantly have to keep my weird , out-there ideas to myself around certain types of people if i want to fit in at all ( keep the peace , more like ) , ... this is perfect ! ! the enfp one is so me , plus i am a little of the enfj and infj ones too . the intj one is adorable :) infp i think . as for the enneagram , type 9 ? not sure on that one though . some of mine : marilyn monroe , marlon brando , charlie sheen , lucille ball , desi arnaz , seth macfarlane , tom hardy all that is so spot on i had to laugh . that has been me :) at first i feel fairly stressed and guilty about whatever i am putting off , then after a little while those feelings basically fade away and i am fine . at that point i won't even think about it ... 1 . this is irrelevant for me , actually . i just can't even contemplate having a child let alone caring if it's really mine , lol . 2 . i prefer to be around men . most women tend to bug me a lot , i ... oh god , i am so chameleonic . it's just a natural thing for me , although i do it on purpose as well . in certain situations and with certain people i feel i adapt myself to how i want to seem , so i ... that's really true actually , i can see how certain enfjs could use their skills for manipulation . this enfj i was talking about , come to think of it , can lie very easily and even with some flair ... failure is just not an option for me . at all costs i will succeed . for me quality time and physical affection would be of equal importance . the others i can actually do mostly without , or i guess i just don't require them as much lol . i agree with you except for enfj . i feel enfjs would be guilt-ridden if they lied , but that's just my take . they have such strong morals and all , lol . i know an enfj who basically feels sick if he ... '