' i live in florida now , but i used to live in indiana and still keep in touch with four of my best friends ( split between two colleges ) from high school through google hangouts on a consistent basis ... i was getting an estj vibe . primary te ? are you sure she's not a sensor ? you have an anime avatar , so you must be an inxp . i don't think hermione is an intp , no . i think hermione is an extj . driven , intelligent , opinionated , dignified , and nerdy . i'm a slytherin , but ravenclaw is a close second . my male intp friend had long hair from seventh grade to i believe sophomore year . he looked like michael jackson in this picture . 339562 i'm going to say istj as for my characters : hermione granger - harry potter 337306 rachel berry - glee 337314 cc babcock - the nanny 337322 shego - kim possible the only one that comes to mind is cheyenne . i've always thought that entjs were the most introverted of the extraverts . a lot of entjs are so introverted that they mistype as intjs . sounds like something to take to upper management . if your coworkers feel the same as you do about the situation ( and given his behavior , i'm sure they do ) , then it should be easy enough to ask that ... had a lady add seafood to her cold cut combo a few days ago . my coworker and i were horrified . i've had a lot of people tell me that i remind them of hermione granger from harry potter and rachel berry from glee . i would say they are both accurate comparisons ; although , i am not nearly as ... i work with one currently . she's great at what she does , but i'm glad she is not my boss . micromanagement . it is a leader's job to choose people that he / she believes to be competent enough to do the tasks at hand . it is also a leader's job to give clear instruction so these tasks can ... entj . i'd give myself a 4.5 / 10 on popularity . i was never particularly preoccupied with how popular i was . a lot of people refused to talk to me because i just seemed like the typical snobby , ap ... 5 ' 9 and about 160 lb . the curvy life ain't an easy one . esxj type most likely to be a health nut sounds like an infj thing . type most likely to cry over the death of a fictional character . enfp . i happen to know of a few who have done just that . type most likely to get kicked out of a bar for rowdy behavior . functions , functions , functions . entjs use te , ni , se , and fi while entps use ne , ti , fe , and si . check out this thread on te vs ti and this thread on ni vs ne . i falsely identified as ... i've been a sandwich artist at subway for a little over a year , and i've made some strange subs . one customer has to have an entire bottle of mayonnaise on her sandwich before she is satisfied ... the church jesus built long ago is much different from the one that is present today . yes , but independently . i do not stand with the church . there really isn't anything that you can do about it . entjs are usually very upfront about their intentions . if he says he's not interested , he's not interested . check out this site . i don't know if this necessarily made my life ' hard , ' per se , but apparently i didn't make a lot of friends in high school because i was intimidating and looked stuck up . one of my coworkers told me ... customer service is the worst job for any personality type . let's be honest . the accuracy almost pains me . i'm not in a corporate setting , but as far as working with fe doms goes , i do find it challenging . i believe one of my managers at the subway i work at is a fe dom ( esfj ? ) . my manager places a ... sounds like the type of situation where you have to accept that some people just have poor taste and move on . my closest friends are intj and infj . i know my infj friend was a lot more extraverted than i was in elementary school . i never would have imagined that she would be as quiet as she is now . as did i . i first discovered mbti my senior year of high school in college-level psychology class . the test i took for that class tested purely by dichotomy , and i tested 49 % j 51 % p . it wasn't ... intjs ? not from my personal experience . now , esfjs and infjs are an entirely different story . thanks . ( i could see maleficent as either an intj or an entj . ) i definitely think typing as an intj is trendy . i remember this one girl in my high school would wear this shirt around school that said ' intj - mastermind ' on it . try ' istp - with a superiority ... i currently work at subway . the first face = an entire bottle of mayonnaise on a six inch sub . no hyperbole . infj type most likely to get pulled over for speeding how into mbti are they ? perhaps they are relying on stereotypes or do not have a proper understanding of mbti , otherwise . my friends and i had a photo war on twitter . we found derpy pictures of each other and gave them inappropriate captions . i was cackling the whole time . here are some favorites that they did of me ... try being a liberal that attends a conservative university and works in customer service in a small , bible belt town . i bite my tongue until it bleeds . daily . i hate how people take quotes from disney movies and put them out of context to make them sound inspirational . hakuna matata ! yeah , say no worries all you want to , but the movie didn't resolve ... tell me about it . try working at subway and having customers tell you that the sandwiches and prices they have randomly conjured up in their brains are on our menu . no , sir , i don't know how to ... okay , this made me chuckle . i didn't pass my driver's test until the third time around , and while i didn't almost crash into an unexpected bike , i did almost crash into an unexpected car , but it was ... thalassa - seems infp rowling has described luna as the anti-hermione , and hermione is definitely a thinker . i stay with infp . yes , i am definitely an obsessor . i read harry potter in late elementary school and i am a dedicated member of the fandom . i've also been obsessed with disney for the same amount of time and am ... yes , all the time . i love metaphors . i personally don't think so . if i were to eat healthy and work out , i think i'd have the potential to be what most would consider ' hot . ' i have three subway cookies waiting for me tomorrow , and ... '