' bored , plotting , wandering for some horror or suspense movies i can watch and have no problem . yet there are some where i can create all kinds of madness with my imagination . i remember seeing dog soldiers back in 2002 . i ... that happens to me too . i can get the feeling of being on top of the world then the next moment i'm nonchalant , brooding or anxious . then it would linger for a while but finally i regain myself ... i tried dog food but not the dry . it was alpo prime cuts . i was going to feed my dog but then i thought i wonder how's it taste . i tried and i must say the gravy was good . the meat was soft and chewy . mew zapdos charizard lugia mewtwo gyrados i knew that hatter looked familiar . i remeber i had to do that from my sociology experiment . i played in the kidde play area at the mall . i was all sliding down slides and jumping around like a maniac . the parents started pulling away ... even though i'm not entp , i'm a believable liar . the majority of my lies have been to teachers and parents . i have lied a couple of times to get off my job or when i didn't feel like going school . my personal space , a good book , a pizza , and freedom soul's nosebleeds from blair are hilarious . i mean who won't get a nosebleed or possibly more from her . # 1 . ) what do you like to do in your spare time ? introvert ... ... extravert i like to read , write , think and ... hellsing ultimate soul eater death note gintama one piece bleach ( loathe the fillers ) naruto shippuden ( loathe the fillers ) kenshin yu yu hakusho samurai champloo oh my god ... it's maka . if i can think of an entp on soul eater it would have to be excalibur or stein . though stein seems more of an intp to me . batman was defintely a favorite of mine growing up , but i also liked spiderman . i collected a majority of the comics and had spiderman action figures . i remember taking my dad's ski mask and pretend ... i can smile and give a convincing smile . however , my everyday expression is just deadpan . some people have noticed , but an aquaintance , my supervisor and my mom have told me . here , facebook and myspace . though sometimes i forget about posting that much . youtube - gamestop - new super mario bros . wii youtube - gamestop - dsi - upgrading roxxors concept of a pimp : someone who gets his paper from the many employees that he might have at the different department sections . these employees value their costumer service . however , the ... last one i heard was early today . that's it other then that i think those godforsaken things are gone . scared the crap out me because i have me volume on loud when i watch anime and such . it's like a ... moody , cool , proud , cautious , quirky i can become friends with anyone . just give me my space and we're cool . i have an amalgam of friends . an entp , infj , esfp , estp , infp ... they are idiots sometimes but their my idiots . 7 . i'm not doing too bad . i mean some thing happen life any ordainary life and sometimes things are at a stand still . however , i always seem to adapt to my situations and make the best out of it ... i have a friend with adhd . he's one of the most easy going person you'll ever meet . throughout our highschool year he was off the wall . he'll skip class , leave and disappear , or have random outburst ... i still have a bird to kill . damn turkey ! welcome to the forum welcome to the forum got that right , said the mad hatter , dem shrooms be off the hook ! husand : would like a cookie ? princess : yes , my dear . husband : too bad ! * ate the cookie in front of her face * hmmm ... i'm decent at : drawing , writing , sleight of hand magic ( con-magic as i call it ) , poetry , sports , problem-solving that's all i can think of really . it makes me feel confused . i remember my parents always asked me why i didn't do things like other normal children , why i didn't go out like the normal kids or why i didn't had initiative for my ... in unfamiliar social situations , i seem to become adaptable . not really make a lasting impression but not sitting back either . i interact with my environment to understand it better . i try to ... understanding your true self takes time . i know a person who to this day is trying to figure out himself . hell , it even took me time to understand myself . i tried the whole mask thing . in a way the ... * gather secret supply of rpgs and machine guns . puts on military helmet , sunglasses and lights a ciggie * i'll be ready to counterattack when the takeover happens , but for now welcome to the forum ! do you get good grades ? i do once in a while if i interested if not i usually daydreamed . do your teachers consider you a good student ? some of them do . except for one teacher who considered me ... she was lying on the floor peacefully , but she got kicked in the face . she woke up and all hell broke lose as she whipped out dual handguns and lit up the place ... awesome designs . i liked the eye of fantasy , conflict within and idea i think i'll use it when i feel like screwing with people on a bored day . your definetly new . anyway , welcome to the forum and your correct it is a nice place . groovy graphics . i like the colors you used they match the characters . ` cheshire puss , ' [ alice ] began , rather timidly , as she did not at all know whether it would like the name : however , it only grinned a little wider . ` come , it's pleased so far , ' thought alice , and ... eating a samich welcome to this wonderful forum quick guess : enfp or infp go on and give it a try . i defintely agree with grey for two reasons ... ( 1 ) intj ( 2 ) she's a woman . the whole arrogance thing can occur with any type , but you get to understand the girl and her ... on the way she decided to stop by a bar to get her drank on welcome to the forum i do watch mma . but i haven't watched it recently . '