' sometimes intp's are seen as being arrogant and condescending , being very introverted since their judging and sensing are both introverted and their fe is so low . i think all of this describes an ... so i've dealt with major depression , was always in a heavy state of mind for almost half a year . then i got better , not completely healed , and felt blue most of the time , but it wasn't a paralyzing ... because i've had a depression that started with her . i do not wish to go down that road again . depression as in real , clinical depression . this is the thing , i've already done that . i'm currently dating someone else , actually . i'm not sitting around thinking about her actively anymore . still , no matter how busy i get , i still find ... it's already been about 7 months . i don't have strong feelings for her now - or so i think , but we happened to talk a bit today . for some reason , later today i've thought that she could be having sex ... i agree , but this is too narrow . what about manic depression ? i suppose that in the same way you could say it is a feeling state . i'm quite curios . i've had clinical depression , but i'm being resilient and bouncing right back . at any rate , it made me wonder . how does depression affect mbti personality ? for my part , the best ... this is mind-blowing for me . i always thought a no means a no , so i almost never asked twice . also , it's not like i'm afraid of rejection . i'm actually afraid of being vulnerable , if that makes ... sorry , i suck at this . i'm not really good with strangers in general . how do i ask her out for a friendly chat ? i'm assuming directly asking her to grab a coffee sometime is too aggressive in ... ok , i won't pretend i know anything about this . how exactly does an intp approach a girl he's had little interaction with ? i've met a girl last summer , and we had a really good talk for an entire ... my main problem is not doing stupid things , but forgetting if i did things or not . just now i was wondering whether i used soap or not in the shower . the nightmare is when i wonder if i closed the ... neither are they very positive , heh . wait , doesn't everyone do this ? it's just a six thingy ? also , isn't this the natural and healthy way of doing it ? boku dake / erased - awesome series : kayo - infp satoru - infj kenya - intj mom - entp pizza girl - enfp teacher - enfj , quite unsure they can be tiring , after a while . thing is , people that do know me well don't consider me at all to be arrogant . i have one friend that considered me arrogant , but once she got to knew me well told me i am not at all . in fact , all of ... i'm trying to work on myself . i've recently found out that people view me as arrogant , while i'm far from being arrogant . in fact , i had some huge self-confidence and self-esteem problems . i still ... i think this has to do more with enneagram type 5 ' s ( most common for intp's ) basic fear of being incompetent . the eyes are the gate to the soul . intp - the impossible super power of actually doing what they are thinking i've had an extremely nasty experience which i've described in detail in this thread : my problem is i ... i have an intj friend . i've noticed that knowledge-wise we are about equal , with me maybe being slightly above him . however , one thing i've noticed is that he is actually implementing all of his ... correction . it was through fe . i dislike fe because it has the potential to do this . it's a bit off-topic , but i dislike fe , but not for some silly reasons . there was one infj girl that marked me . i've had a relationship with her only to find out she was using me all along , all due ... i wonder how long will the war between kylo ren infp or infj last . my 2 cents are that he is infj , but i am not very good at typing . i don't understand exactly what a type's shadow is , as in i don't get which one is it . dichotomy-wise intp would go e-s-f-j . cognitive wise he would go te-ni-se-fi , so entj . which one is it and ... i don't know , the first guy stroke me as 4w3 , but the thing about the enneagram is that it deals with inner most motivations . you're making us type them by outer behavior , which is really just a wild ... it is an interesting question . purely in mbti , no , i don't think so . mom is infp and dad is esfp . they both have very strong fi , while my fi is called the devil's function . however , from the ... stupid site , 2x post j's prefer acting within structure . p's prefer freedom of acting . i got this from please understand me ii , by david keirsey ( if i remember correctly ) . mutatis mutandis , p's seek as much ... it's true . however , i seem to fascinated by everything nowadays . even the smallest of small talks can acquire me interesting info and make me excited : laughing : . when i was younger , i hated it ... this is an interesting perspective . i see and understand your points - except for the ni part . in the books she immediately realized the meaning of the gifts . she had a sudden realization , not a ... hm , interesting . i didn't see her as an si dom . could you please build up your argument a little ? i thought i saw inferior fe in the way she really cared about everyone and yet seemed so cold on the ... oh well , i am not looking to start an argument , so to each his own . however , i would feel really awkward if someone random approached me and started talking about sex , or the meaning of life or ... i'm sorry , but that probably won't happen . if we are strangers i'm a going to keep it very light , and it is probably a good idea to keep those kind of conversations light . i mean , it would be very ... spoiler : i hate how they made it seem like katniss premeditated killing coin when in the book she actually took the decision in the spur of the moment . they also missed some parts entirely - ... things i don't get : 1 . why do people type katniss as an istj ? she's highly individualistic and definitely seeks autonomy , thus strongly an istp . her neediness that comes through sometimes is ... i had a pretty good childhood . no major events that scarred me . however , i didn't feel much . i was pretty carefree . however , looking back at it i was a pretty mean person . i once even threw a ... are you guys sure about this ? every time i mention her boyfriend she seems to start looking away , that much is true . however , i don't want to end up being obsessed with her while waiting for her to ... you're kind of right . one of my friends mentioned that he thinks she likes me and that i should make a move on her . i'm glad it wasn't all in my head and that it really seemed that way . this means ... i think you're confusing being polite with being social . if you're currently in love that'd be great . yup . i'm in love with an infj . i thought she was hitting on me . she even had dilated pupils all the time . when i asked her out she told me she has a ... there seems to be quite a stereotype that intp's are really bad at socializing , that they are social retards and so on . to be honest , i never really got that . i am definitely an introvert , and i'm ... i ain't murican bro :( ok . this thread is extremely depressing . i just want someone to share his ride with me . stupid forum . 2x post . you don't have to be random . there is a lot of context in a lot of social situations , you just have to look for it . let's say you're in a store . there is an infinity of possibilities here . you could ... i'm doing fairly well in life at the moment , but there's a fear of mine i've been having . i tried ignoring it , but it just keeps coming back . i am most afraid that i will age and end up all alone , ... consider filling a questionnaire in which you give info about yourself . i'll do a very quick analysis , but i strongly advise you fill one ( they are found in the sticky section of this thread ) . ... but someone who prefers fi over te will be able to get himself organized and achieve his goals , despite him being , let's say , isfp . sometimes more efficiently . i won't accept that i will never be ... '