' pyroscope , there's a similar thread .. ' you know you're an intuitive ' ... in which the comments were about our strengths , and not bashing the sensors just because of the differences . my comments was ... woa ... im picking up quotes now off the internet and using them as my own ? thats so sensor : tongue : i dont plagarize my thoughts are my thoughts ... i gave a generalization because i responded to a ... when you absolutely have to have a journal , pencil , and voice recorder in your purse at all times to capture random thoughts that you want to remember later . when you stop in the middle of what ... sensors arenx 92t comfortable with the fact that earth is only a temporary home , and that our brief time here is not to focus only on accumulating riches that cannot be taken with us , but to prepare ... what type of knowledge ? what were you two discussing ? ? glad to be in the gray ! ! ! why so many people can't make decisions - wsj.com infp ’ s will settle when it comes to superficial aspects , but we will not settle when it comes to our values / morals … . and we will get defensive and withdraw if you even think about debating us on them ... haha ... yes , you're definitely a sensor * black and white * there really isnt an answer for everything ... and if you're not at peace with that , you may very well stick an answer where it doesnt ... chiagirl 27 , what is your mbti type ? how far is the disctance between you two ? i dont know if this thread is a continuation from a previous thred ... but the long distance ( in mileage ) doesnt seem to be ... wow . after debating someone on why religion is detrimental to our relationship with god , the person asked me if i watched oprah , i said no ( im not big on tv ) , confused as to why he asked me , then ... facebook allows me to extroverted ... it allows me to voice my beliefs about people , about society , about life ... it allows me to share a part of me to my distant family and friends who wouldnt know ... yea , i think ive seen your comment in one of the infp discussions ;) im a number 7 .. which is very accurate : a spritiual , introverted , analyzer wow ... i do the same .. i mumble a lot around people i dont know , or conversations i dont want to participate in .. i think its because i literally dont have the energy to talk about subjects that dont ... i love storms ... especially snow storms , it makes extroverts stay in the house and hopefully since they have no where to run , they turn introspective and pick up a book or something ... lol wishful ... i once read that a soulmate usually isnt a romantic relationship , and that we have more than one ... it can be with a teacher , mentor , friend , lover , etc ... and that the only difference between a soul ... when i was 5 years old , as i was leaving my friends apartment , her black cat jumped in my face . that night i had nighmares , had to sleep in the bed with my parents , i made my dad get up and close the ... correction : i let my estj dad bully me into ... 30 yrs old . you are all so lucky to find out at a younger age . i wish the mbti wouldve been introduced to me in either high school or college .. life wouldve made so much sense ... i let my estj bully me ... after any situation that involves ' living in the moment ' to the point that i get an adrenaline rush leaves me very drained , and has to be followed by a nap , or just solitude . i feel so much better ... i took the next day off of work to recharge my energy . thank you ! thanks you all ... i knew i could come on here to feel a little bit better . they said he was crying the other day , he just got a divorce , his wife moved and wouldnt let him see the kids . and then ... today , while i was in the elevator going outside for a smoke , someone in the elevator told me that someone ( which turned out to be one of my coworkers who i've never met ) jumped out the window to ... i like to listen , and gather insight ... i like to study people . why do you even care ? you dont even listen to your own reason . i dont know if you're coming or going . wow , that is so true . have you been smoking . zone 1 or zone 2 ? because it is ... lol im always asking what did you mean by that ? why is that ? astrology is definitely a helpful tool for self assessment .. if you are indeed ready to explore your darker side . i am apart of the new age movement , which is a collection of christianity , buddhism , ... change like pain guaranteed when in need when in want longing but wait wow .. thank you ! have you researched the 5 soul ages ? michael teachings : * articles , channeling & spiritual community im in between a mature soul and old soul ... so hopefully , i dont have to ... well ... my saturn ( planet of challenges , restrictions ) is in virgo ( meticulous ) ... so i am very self critical ... some people are just more consciously aware ... and so since im extremely self ... hahaha ... my coworkers feel the same way ... i just stay in my cubicle with my headphones on listening to music ... the couple times i tried to join in conversation per their request ... all they did was ... wow .. spoken so eloquently ! so do i ! beautiful ! ! can someone instruct me on how to upload pics ? i read that babies gravitate to old souls ... since they are a soul reincarnated in a new body ( alledgedly ) ... maybe they sense our presence ... the problem i have is observing the moment and choosing which ones to participate in ... full participation is like an adrenaline rush , which leaves my energy depleted the next day ... to be 100 % in the ... people are intrgued with how we remain true to our individuality ... no matter the current trend of society ... at first they look down on it .. but after awhile its admirable ... and then they follow our ... wow .. i get the same thing ... a child will lock eyes with me and hold the stare until im out of sight ... sometimes its creepy ... i wonder what is it they see in me . it's hard for us not to take it personal ... which is why we arent the best candidate for corporate america . i find myself rebelling against my boss , by coming in late , etc ... because ive been promoted ... sounds like my mars sextile pluto : there may be a tendency to think and talk about things in your life without actually doing them , almost as though this level of involvement were sufficient and ... just as justinhammar said , the things we dislike in others , we dislike of ourselves ... especially once we start to evolve . lol , my ex boyfriend would call me dr . jekyll and ms . hyde ! ! i have mars in the 12th house , and my mars square saturn , which means i dont know how to assert myself when i need to .. which builds an ... i just ended ( hopefully for good this time ) a 3 year on and off relationship with an estj ... the relationship started to consist of subversive tactics on both of our ends to keep the other from ... there's an fb mbti quiz ... which is how i learned about mbti , and started doing my own research . i wish i wouldve learned about mbti years ago ! @ wicked queen ... i read that as well . but what i need help understanding ... what makes isfp-estj so ideal , and infp-estj so difficult . im in a current on again relationship with an estj ... but im not ... i have been dating an estj off and on for 3 years , i just learned of mbti this year , he hates to be categorized , but he is an estj to the exact ... i really needed this thread to truly understand why ... '