' i miss being with my brothers all the time and every day and wish i could go back to those days ... we had so many good times just wondering around in the woods and / or by the river ... i really miss my ... i'm not even sure if anyone will read this but i think putting it into words will bring relief to me . i recently moved out of my parents ' house into an apartment with an old buddy from high school ... i love trees . i like to think about them as being sentient , which makes me think about what their memories would be and their thoughts / attitudes . the state i am from logged most of the trees ... stink ! stank ! stunk ! i used to imagine ( and still occasionally do ) that i was actually living in numenor from jrr tolkien's stories ( before it fell ) and life was just totally blissful . haha and yes , there were all the ... cheer up buddy ! ^ ^ ^ you know those people you can read like a book ? i just worked with one for the first time over the weekend . i had heard a lot of bad things about the guy from other staff ... life can be a pain being stopped by a train . did no crime but i'm still doing time right there on imperial main . ( the only poem i have ever written in my life and was while stopped at a rr ... i must be a not-so-emotional nf . ( not that that is a good or bad thing ; just a thing ) i can count on one hand the amount of times i have cried in the passed 5-6 years . i really don't cry or get ... my cousin is an entp . he is a great guy ! we don't agree on a great many things , but each of us respect the other and have a higher level of empathy for what the other is saying , so we can hear each ... the news said it's raining in new york ... i am indeed an infp murse , though i only graduated last may . i want to get a job in an operating room but for now am working at a nursing home . i like it , all the residents are my buddies , but the ... i am a gigantic tolkien dork and love the silmarillion and all the other unpublished tales . ender's game is top notch too . i just read the first dune book and was blown away , so i will have to get ... the only instance i can think of goes back to high school . people who did not know me thought i was just some pot head until i started talking . then they found out i was not a pot head per se , but a ... i am a pretty huge tolkien fan so to put it shortly , my inner world consists of me just living very peacefully in the days of the splendor of numenor . the men that were the greatest of men who lived ... redline ( the anime ) is my favorite anime followed closely by princess mononoke . it is nucking futs ! as far as non animated movies go , the usual ... hocketypockety wocketywack abra dabra dabra dack what would i look like if i shaved my head . . . ? where will i be in 5 years ? would shaving my head have a drastic impact on where i will be in 5 years ? who are all you people ? oh man that game brings back memories ! my siblings and i ( so 4 people in total ) played that game all day some years ago . we got to question like 106 or something ( it goes to some other mode after ... 1 ) are your dreams abstract and symbolic or are they a little bit more realistic ? a little of both actually . i have dreams that are just really out there and make no sense but also have had many ... i'm not sure how long ago the story started , but the tv series for attack on titan started recently . it's nuts ! has anyone else started watching it yet ? ! can we get some love for some falconer up in here ? ! i really cannot stand a bit of gaga . just my opinion and i hope she dies out sooner rather than later . then again , i do not enjoy most of the new big name artists out there these days , but that ... dune by frank herbert , it is enthralling ! on a side note , i am very fond of the fact that i am graduated from college and for the time being am free to read books of my choosing as opposed to text ... i am saving all my gaming energy for when the terraria 1.2 update comes out . then , i shall be dead to the world outside of work , haha . also , along the same lines , i cannot wait for starbound to ... yeah i can't stand not having anything for my hands to do when i am talking ! i usually talk with my hands a lot , or am fiddling around with something in them or have them in my pockets . i don't feel ... i still live with my parents and when i move out it will be to an apartment for a while . however , i do dream of having a smaller to medium sized house of my own eventually with a sweet garden and , ... i would say i am pretty good at making friends but i tend to befriend someone to figure them out and decide after at least a few months if i want to continue the relationship . it's kinda like sorting ... how are those cubs doing ? :P in stl the driving isn't nearly as crowded as chicago land . i've been there a couple times and almost had a heart attack driving downtown . it's nuts ! people who lie just so they have something to say . people who put others down . people who think they know me and make generalizations or any statements about me that end up being way off . ... i have a ' 96 ford escort . i like cars but think more of cars for utilitarian purposes . in my case , all i need is for something to get me from a to b . though when i have more money saved up i will ... or because you feel bad ending the entirety of their existence ! you know you are an infp when you are on the dictionary of obscure sorrows finding almost all to be such awesome emotions / thought ... the night hides a world but reveals a universe . and the road to life , yes it goes up and down . doesn't really matter as long as the music goes on ! ( sorry i don't know how to tag your name , greenladybug , but ... ) i dated a girl with pcod and trust me i didn't think anything of it other than i hoped it wasn't bothering her too much or making her ... i just finished nursing school . i love the medical field but did not want to be a doctor so i figured i may as well go as a nurse to work along side doctors . the operating room is where i want to go ... not to steal a line from a movie but i seriously just want someone ( a girl ) to hold me and tell me , everything's going to be okay . i haven't been alright for quite a while now and i am getting ... well i don't know if you believe in this sort of stuff but i have been particularly wigged out in some situations i have gotten myself into and have found that articulating that such a spirit is not ... i absolutely did tell my mother that i love her and how thankful i am to have her in my life ! she is an exceptionally great person though if i do say so myself no matter how biased it may seem ... another few notes regarding dreams : i have had 3 dreams in which i could fly , and in all of them , i had to put on a pterodactyl suit or bird suit in order to do so ... i have recently started ... i am new here and don't know an incredible amount about the differences in personality types , and i also think that there is much more to it than just what type each person is ( 16 sizes don't ... i dream all the time and find them to be incredibly fascinating ! my mom tells me i have the strangest dreams and she and my cousin are the only people who don't get kind of bugged by me wanting to ... i have a small collection of nut crackers ... hahaha seriously ... i've gotten one or two a year for christmas from various people in my life . i like to think of them as my own personal small outfit ... a life that is , like all others , unlike any other . these quotes are from the silmarillion , and they are pretty heavy and the context of them is important but too long to put in this post . ... and thou , melkor , shalt see that no theme may be ... i do like a lot of music with lyrics and such but for a while now i have preferred electronic ambient music , and a great deal of it is without lyrics . when the silence is speaking by koan ... ^ ^ ^ the universe i retreat to in my mind is that of arda and more specifically in the first age ( tolkien stuff ) ... i am like beren looking for my luthien to love and grow old with and eventually ... i don't think it is an actual smell but somewhat of an olfactory sensation none the less , but i love the smell of winter . cold and brisk air running through my nose along with the silence around me ... 1 . how good are you guys at expressing your emotions ? not in your hobbies or passions ( or anything similar ) but directly to a person . is it hard or easy ? probably not as well as others are . i see ... trying to find the way i am new here and it won't allow me to post a link to a song . i cannot speak for other infp's , but i think the song when the silence is speaking by koan is my theme song . there is harmony and ... '