' my thoughts : spongebob : enfp or possibly esfj squidward : intj patrick : ixfp mr . krabs : entj or estp , if the former he could be looping ( te + se ) sandy : xstp pearl : esfj my thoughts : frasier - enfj , type 3w4 so / sx niles - infj , type 1w2 sp / so martin - istj , type 6w7 sp / s ? daphne - esfp ? , type 7w6 so / sp roz - xstp , type ? ? ? so / sx bulldog - estp , type 7w8 sx / so ... my opinion on sans being a ni dom was his perceptiveness and deepness ( i know other types can have these qualities as well though ) . he's easily able to pick up on the player's motives and reads ... interesting ... however , i fail to see papyrus using si as a dominant function either - i think he uses strong fe and ne , which makes me think he's a looping esfj , but i can see where you're coming ... interesting ... however , i fail to see papyrus using si as a dominant function either - i think he uses strong fe and ne , which makes me think he's a looping esfj , but i can see where you're coming ... could you elaborate on this more ? i struggle to see how papyrus uses ti as his dominant function , and how sans use se as a dominant function for that matter . papyrus's decisions seem to be almost ... i keep on changing my mind about them ... charlie : xnfp frank : istp dennis : entj mac : estp dee : esfp or looping enfj ( fe + se ) waitress : isfp cricket : infp i haven't seen these shows in years , but : jimmy neutron : jimmy : intj 5w4 carl : isfp ? sheen : enfp 7w6 cindy : entj 3w ? libby : esfj hugh : enfp if i remember clearly , he doesn't seem isfp at ... i think michael : enfp dwight : estj jim : xntp , but i'm leaning towards intp pam : isfj or infp ? definitely ixfx ryan : entj ? ? toby : ixfj stanely : istp oscar : ixtx ? i agree with your typings but i still think brian is fi dom rather than ne dom . what do you think his enneagram is ? infj 9w1 i just took the quiz that was tagged earlier in this thread and my results are ( in order ): sloth - very high - yep , this one makes sense . i'm pretty physically lazy and scored low on ... i think : sans : infj ( though i originally thought intp ) papyrus : esfj toriel : isfj undyne : esxx i'm an infj , and my worst sin is sloth . i am extremely lazy . i rarely want to get up and go out to a party , and my idea of a good time is sitting / relaxing alone with a good book or a computer . ... of course , i'm not saying that nfs are the only ones able to have artistic qualities , but that was the vibe he gave off from the stories . : happy : god , it's been forever since i've read the greek myths . you're right , fe dom doesn't sound right for the god of logic and reasoning :p roud : . maybe entj would be a better fit . i originally though ... to me , hera seems to be xstj . as for promethus , he seems intp , hades ixtj , and enfj sounds right for apollo . my guesses : soldier : estj medic : intp pyro : ? ? ? spy : intj engineer : istp demoman : estp scout : esfp sniper : istj not in any specific order 1 . thoughtful 2 . lazy 3 . goodhearted 4 . sarcastic 5 . aloof 6 . neurotic 7 . levelheaded 8 . stubborn i'm an infj , and i tend to fluctuate between phleg / mel and mel / phleg . at first the latter seemed more accurate , but now i'm beginning to question it . fry : xsfp professor farnsworth : xntp leela : enfj ? bender : estp zoidberg : intp amy : esfp hermes : istj kiff : infj nibbler : intj ? zapp : estp excuse me ? i'm not saying that all entjs are the same - what i meant was as a person are you a playful person or a serious one ( like entjs are stereotyped as ) . of course i know that no type is the ... i have a question . entjs are sometimes stereotyped as serious people , but my close entj friend is not usually a serious person , and is actually quite impish and very mischievous around friends . is ... well , you can't really expect them to be consistent as characters , but i understand what you mean . i typed current brian as infp because he just seems fi dom now since season 6 . but he isn't a very ... though this might not make sense , i will say that i love debating but i hate arguing . what i mean is , i don't like arguing as in the emotional sense , but i love ( and sometimes crave ) the intellectual ... peter is definitely a type 7w6 . but i've always thought of stewie as an introvert , he hates everyone . but i could definitely see entj . lois , however , i think is an e . could you explain your reason ... i think : calvin : infp , with my next guess being intp hobbes : infj susie : entj mom : isfj dad : istp i change my mind : peter : entp lois : enfj brian : intp in earlier seasons , but later turned into an infp stewie : intj meg : esfj chris : isfp cleveland : isfj quagmire : estp dennis : messed up entj mac : messed up enfp charlie : messed up esfp frank : messed up xntp dee : messed up estp also darry is a definite estj . part of me doesn't agree with this idea . though i am an infj , i have a lot of enfp friends and an enfp brother , and none of them ever made me question whether they're an i or e . i would think of ... i see myself as a mix between both . i'm a very calm and levelheaded person but at the same time anxious and slightly neurotic . is this an infj thing or is it just me ? peter : esfp lois : exfj brian : intp ? maybe infj stewie : intj chris : isfp meg : esfj ? cleveland : isfj joe : estj quagmire : estp mayor adam west : enfp enfp and intj ^ i think : ponyboy : infp johnny : isfj dallas : estp or istp sodapop : esfp or esfj two-bit : entp ? cherry : xxfj it's true , most of us infjs have a very dry and sharp wit . i just remembered one time when someone was insulting me , i lost my temper and said , you play the game destiny because you wish you had ... i am exactly like this . for example , today , my esfj grandmother handed me a bunch of paper bags and told me to throw away one , but my mind was focused on something else , so i threw away all of them ... i completely agree . i'm considered by many people to be the most level-headed , rational , and calm person they know - even more so than my thinker friends . i think that the types that are most likely to use sarcasm are the inxxs . infj 6w5 jazz is my favorite genre . i also like classical and sometimes alternative rock . i would type kyle as an infj . this is what most people type him as , and i find him very relateable . i : kyle is an introvert because he's a somewhat quiet kid that spends most of his time alone , ... it's quite obvious that they're all completely unhealthy personalities , but here's what i think : dennis : entj charlie : esfp - i don't see how charlie is even remotely a j dee : estp mac : esfp ... it just seems more fitting to me to have the xntjs to be more inclined towards lawful or neutral rather than chaotic . it just seems more fitting to me tbh . i'm an infj , and i fall somewhere in between lawful good and neutral good . here's what i think mbti stereotypes would be : lawful good : mostly xsfjs , xstjs , and xnfjs . some xntjs . neutral good : ... all the time . male infj here , and i have a very dry sense of humor . i use sarcasm quite a bit , not for hurting people , but for the sake of being witty . i'm an infj and am extremely sarcastic . it's an art lol . i tend to use dry humor as my main sense of humor . but i know quite a few sarcastic xsxjs . my dad is an esfj and is very sarcastic . ... can someone please explain to me how sheldon is a p of any sort ? he's such a j that it's funny . he's not an adaptable person , is extremely organized , and his ocd tendencies are what makes him so ... i would think this : stan marsh : isxj - i'm pretty sure he's an s , because he's very realistic and down-to-earth . hard to tell between f and t , but i'm leaning towards f . possible p . kyle ... leela is probably an enfj . idk that's how i see her . i would say kyle and stan are more i than e . i would say kyle is an infj and stan is an isfp . '