' p . s . please sticky this thread . its value is self evident . alright thanks ; i'm glad we had this discussion . you could all learn something by studying nabbit's opening statement . also , o_o formed an excellent argument , though , i admit , i didn't ... thoughts ? true story : i got bit on the underbutt recently . so many bedtime stories i fell asleep for a week . no pls : couple_inlove : tell him you don't have a butt . just give birth to one and run away together when they turn 18 . f * ck birds , man . we are all familiar with the stereotype that spam world members give good relationship advice . and as we all know , stereotypes are based on fact . so bring your relationship questions and receive ... nabbit and i will die alone together . f * cking birds one bird turns to say to the other , aren't you glad we're in this bush together ? but the other bird isn't even there . oh f * ck where's the second bird ? guess what . he's in my hand . because ... could you shut up for a second ; i'm trying to read . 4 x 4 = 16 side note : my emotions are more important . ax i feel spiritually naked i can only give so much . it's because of your neurons ! i always said you had so many neurons . you're a special object benty . nobody has ever seen me so vulnerable especially you . i am so proud of you tell him to stop the bird is hurting him limited time blessings . wow i pictured you completely different . this blows my mind . don't look at me i just woke up bow your heads . let's pray . hey nevermind i'm saving myself for marriage . who's first i'm so sorry our hearts are connected who hurt you yo u ok man ? whaaale hhhhhhuh heh my name bread there are 14 people who are angry somewhere in the world right now . maybe more . hmm ? no . i said play center . you sicko . this poll will close in four years . please enter your responses asap . a panda laid eggs in my bed hey just realized i don't need any babies . it was all a big misunderstanding . sh * t i need the baby just give me the baby leave your babies here . her name is martha . and no i'm not cheating on you . with martha . '