' 698482 yep , guess who 635658 reimagination of a friend as a doom 3 protagonist . tools used : ms paint , mouse and huge fanboy geekness 622058 another ms paint fooling around plague doctor by count-of-shadowshire on deviantart raping ms paint again ( can't upload here idk why ) well , during my school years i also had something like that but eventually it vanished . i think by the time of mid - 20s it will fade away , you'll become more calm and laid-back . actually i do ... what was the source that triggered that mentality ? coz we all have it to some degree 575562 and another one . re-imagination of friend's family pic 574562 third attempt to draw in ms paint . dat voice as a big and capricious deadpool geek i approve this movie . totally worth it . despite differences with comic book material ( like absence of dr . kellabrew and attempts to enlist him as an x-man etc . ) ... one of my top favorite bands . what if you just complicate everything and overreact ? i mean , before my employment i thought i was an absent-minded irresponsible slacker but eventually after some practical experience it became ... all time classic so what so horrible about you ? i even doubt that there is such thing as normality since everything is subjective . maybe you can express this negative experience through kind of art or something ? ... usually whole poisoning experience is enough for acquiring some basic common sense about food storage . i mean that whole symptom package and long period of feeling that someone is trying to turn you ... that voice ... never had a serious clinical depression but i'm vulnerable to sads . every autumn this stuff gets on me and the most ironic that autumn is my favorite season . yeah , i hate suffocating and burning ... way to go - blame supernatural forces for atrocities that originate from human hands . i remember that moments before job interviews i spent my nerves on studying some financial and law stuff coz i thought that i will have something like a quiz or whatever . once i got there they only ... 2he ' s a superhero maybe my russian could be useful in that project ? i couldn't pm since i don't have needed post quantity for the moment so i'm sorry for an off-topic . i know russian and my native language . and i do have plans to learn german and if i get lucky maybe norwegian . * actually i pretended that robotic voice was more like cabal's from tiberian sun . listen to the sound of your own extinction ... uuhh dat voice * :) thanks for the manual and musical greeting . nice ... greetings everyone ! i just don't know where to start - it was a simple urge to register here after strange mania of googling about generation y . hope we'll get along ) ) some basic info : ... '