' this is a good idea . i'm watching in the flesh . i believe everything said above is useful if you want to be polite . i find that the base of kindness is really just empathy . something that happens to infps effortlessly is that they can immediately ... here's one sure thing : the time will come when your grandchildren will ask you were you ever a speciesist ? what will you tell them ? get in line with the future lest in comes faster . i can't stand ... there was a similar thread a while ago so i'm just gonna post what i wrote there . taking the time to look up at the sky and imagine where everything * actually * is . look at the sun then imagine it big and burning while tiny earth revolves around it - 8 light minutes away . look at ... i suppose you're right . it's just that much disappointment i can take . in a way it's easier to know that i will always be in love with him than have him tell me ( in his own way ) that i ruined things ... oh don't worry - i understood what you were saying it's just that what you said really sounds like him - i imagine more now than before because now he's older and maybe more aware of who he is as a ... cinnamon 83 , soppixo thank you both . you have really helped make the picture a lot clearer . i'm starting to think that what i feel is selfish and that i should really let it be given how much he had ... as an infp i really can't understand this . i mean i do but i could never do it . it's just such a shame . to love sb like no other and keep going like it's not there . it just ... i can't . soppixo unfortunately , he doesn't have fb . he's generally very concerned with his privacy . i strongly believe that yes , we would be able to remain even after the honeymoon . when we were together we ... so ... i'm an infp and five years ago i broke up with an istp . we were together for two years and be it because we were young , be it because it was true love , i still think about him and worse ... i ... for swag . it's hard to tell through all those buckets of crazy . i got the courage today to tell the love of my life that i still think about him after five years of being broken up . he hasn't responded yet but it feels good to be free of those words that had been ... i'm sure she meant go out and improve the world in your head then never tell a soul and keep cringing at the fallacies of humanity . scar tissue . could you provide citations for this ? netfences , i agree with most of what you say in your post especially about how environmental conditioning and repeatable learned behaviors can affect predisposition . i'm not sure why you chose to ... i believe the whole thing is quite subjective . if you know who you are , if you know your shit , and if you're proud in the things that you do then for me you're as good as they come . you could be a ... we are the music makers , and we are the dreamers of dreams , wandering by lone sea-breakers , and sitting by desolate streams ; — world-losers and world-forsakers , on whom the pale moon gleams : yet ... okay , inferior se but you all have to promise not to laugh . one time i got up from the toilet but i couldn't remember if i peed or not so i had to stand there and feel if my bladder was full or ... melchiz , if we are to accept that there is correlation between type and brain structure ( i . e . infps have a bigger / more active amygdala ) then yes there is a chance that we are born with our type . the ... were i ( who to my cost already am one of those strange , prodigious creatures , man ) a spirit free to choose , for my own share what case of flesh and blood i pleased to wear , i'd be a dog , a ... i once saw a chicken in high heels standing on a hill with fog around . you got nothing on me . it's the pink feathers isn't it ? you're hella cute too . all infps are cute : tongue : it's kind of our thing . turlowe , you couldn't be more right . if this fairytale had a name it would be the infp and the error of their ways . and it would be written in binary so the infp couldn't read it . okay ... i'm gonna be sneaky here hope it's okay . if your favourite movie is only lovers left alive , or if your favourite band is pond , or if your favourite book is an elemenal thing , you ... you have to remember intjs are like bears . their exterior is a real life ten feet tall bear with claws and teeth but their interiror is really just winnie the pooh . ... questre i know what you're talking about when you say that all the good ideas come when you're going to bed . it happens to me as well . i'll be lying down , trying desperately to sleep and then i'll be ... sure i can relate . but in the end this mockery is grotesque . everything is funny and tragic at the same time . in his unbearable lightbess of being , milan kundera wrote : the heavier the burden , the ... infps - zucchini intjs - artichoke intps - lettuce head esfps - cucumbers if each type was a piece of clothing for those who like this sort of thing , you should watch enter the void directed by gaspar noe . ( absolute mind f * * * ) it has its pros and cons . first of all it's ... too bad that everything has to fall under this comparison so i'm hardly ever able to take the thing as is . it's particularly problematic when bad ... i wanna read do androids dream of electric sheep too . from what i've gathered it's quite good . also another roadside attraction . both important books if you're into that kind of thing . i'm just gonna butt in here . being a si user i'd advise you read up on plato's theory of form and the ideal of form . he basically says that every object exists in a perfect form in a separate ... infp - i will spend an entire day day-dreaming - i will cry over a documentary ( really . any documentary . it could be about space or oil spills . i will cry . ) - i will get angry over injustice on ... love , live , read , learn , laugh , cry , cuss , be bad , be good , regret , ask for forgiveness , forgive , travel , have sex , eat , wonder , wander , save , leave alone , accept , fight , scream , stay quiet , stay ... shhh ... calm child . i'm your father now . i'm no . 1 dad . for real . that's me . i'll adopt you . was that creepy ? i don't read a lot but blame it on my add : tongue : on a more serious note , i can't read fiction . i find i'm bored easily etc . i like reading essays or stories that are really really weird and can ... no it has nothing to do with feeling . i am a very intuitive person so any topic i'm discussing , i will take the matter and follow it back to a very generalized idea . i will want to talk about that ... for me it's quite the opposite . i admire people who can use pure and unbiased logic even when debating ethics . especially nts . i don't get personally offended because i know emotion is not even a ... i'm just gonna speculate here and go on what you've given . perhaps the weed made you aware of the contrast between your low dopamine levels and the high ( given that weed releases dopamine in the ... so i get a + i think the other types would be interested as well . the degree of difficulty can vary . it could also include puzzles of inference such as x happened . before x happened , a , b , c , d , ... actually i thought about it but then i thought it would be weird to factor it in . that maybe other people would not care about it . that it was illogical to worry about the stain on the water glass . i ... i'm an infp and i want a crack at it . so . blow nose , drink water , apply chapstick . you blow your nose first because this way you can breathe through it more freely when you drink water . you blow ... personally i like downers better than uppers . but since i've been severely depressed lately , i could go with uppers . they help when you don't have the energy to help yourself . as for the rest of ... i've kept a diary since i was 15 . i don't write in it very much ( in 10 years i've had only 4 ) . usually it's very abstract . i just go there to vent . even if it was a specific event that triggered it , ... '