' sadly , no . not at all . books and lego ! do i hate it when people find me attractive ? hell no . i wish people did . as far as i know , no one now finds me attractive . and not many people ever have . disrespect . looks like you got that in spades . you want change ? talk about it . compromise . discuss . insults to get a result ? grow up . labrandy , i recently found this site , and i found it enormously encouraging . you're not alone . genderfork i completely hear you when you talk about feeling the failures of the past and letting them drag you down . and they only way i've found , for me , to defeat that is to consciously acknowledge it when ... being ignored is very wounding for me . it's almost like being consigned to hell . if you're upset with this enfp , my suggestion would be to confront them about the event and clear the air . i live ... this precisely . though i wish i had people willing anywhere to bed me , like pink does . wish i had that . i get a notion and then it gets drowned in fear and doubt and overcaution . :( i'm with you , heather . i never had a problem with feeling the space occupied by any car i drove ( unless i started actively thinking about it , and then it all went to hell ) , and though parallel ... dude ! i've always wanted to be a goth but they wouldn't let me into their club ' cause i always wear my happy pants ! ... disclaimer : i'm well aware that a goodly number of those in the goth ... oh , yes indeedy . that's the one that i feel most closely matches my personal mindset . it may be because it seems to avoid a lot of the negative connotations i seem to find in other descriptions , ... nicely said , sir . your strength will ultimately confound and defeat the bruises of the past . they ain't got nonthin ' on you . [ [ hugs ] ] agreed ! it feels like a survival mechanism gone haywire . healthy si is there to remind you about things that worked , and things that were unpleasant , so that you can pursue and avoid them , ... the more emotionally and mentally hale an enfp , the less annoying . i know i've come off as a groundless loud boor , and i know others who've come off that way . a lot of it has to do with insecurity ... this . a lot . it's not as bad in my situation--no sabotaging of gift-giving , for instance--but there's always , always a sense that there's an expectation of obligation to him . and these expectations , ... selene : a doctorate is nothing but a little piece of paper . i'm pretty damn sure that if we were to take your heartfelt , impulsive thoughts and see how many people here you've positively affected , ... i friggin ' well pissed myself at that ! i hatehatehated working as a phone monkey for a non-profit . this seemed strange to me because , well , we're supposed to like all the interaction , but then i realized that if you answer phones for a ... - - the shoulds are murder . i'm fighting a lot of them off even today . there are a lot of distilled dictates about how to live one's life , as written by society . i put that in quotes ... but ... why wouldn't we like you ? i'm someone who likes a bit of alone time . mostly for processing ! when i'm on my own , i like to : - watch documentaries on tv and talk at the television - write stories - read stuff - play an ... plain . effin ' . brilliant . cheers for that . i admire you , weka--i have no internal affirmation mechanism of any kind . or if i do , it atrophied long ago . i worry that everything i think of myself is overinflated and incorrect , so i end up ... i wish i could feel good about being worshipped ( not that anyone does , but hey ) . i do best with acknowledgements and reasonable praise . i get flustered with actual compliments or anything fancier ... i damaged myself very badly by trying to fit in . of course i don't fit in . not only am i loud and funny and strange and spontaneous , but i'm also smart and ( heavens forfend ) a girl and i'm fat , too ... still wishing you and your friend the best ! :D i've been in this place before , too . i started numbing out and shutting down because i kept getting signals from the world and society that i was somehow broken or wrong . there was something ... i'm an enfp and i wish i'd stop projecting all my fears and doubts onto others . : frustrating : regardless of what it is--physical , verbal , or gestural , it needs to be genuine . i can see fake from a mile away and it's gutting . fear is enormous in my head . i think it's a weathervane for this self-assault , too . we fear doing the wrong thing , missing the right chance , hurting someone , missing an opportunity , that we berate ... i'd thank you twice , finaille , but the button won't let me . y'know , reading the instructions doesn't stick . doing stuff sticks . by doing , it etches itself into whatever pathways exist to do things more than once . you've primed memory . oh , and i , too , am ... yep , it's happened to me . on one occasion i sussed out the context , and then it made sense , but on the others , it did seem to come out of nowhere . taught myself photoshop and quark ( yikes , that was a while ago ) by sheer puttering around . ... are we ? er , thanks ! ... i can count the number of times i've thought of myself as hot on one hand . hasn't happened recently , either . what i've noticed , however , is that we seem to the ... good heavens , you're adorable , danse ! reminds me a bit of zooey deschanel , in fact ... that's amazing ! with the intj i know , half the time i get the vibe that you're talking about , and half the time i feel like the person gets frustrated with my ridiculousness and wishes i'd just get ... ... it may not be ... this might be worth following up with consumer protection ! :( i'm the one who keeps thinking the wind sounds like rain , and feeling oddly disappointed about it ... it doesn't work if you have to ask for it , i've found . i wonder why that is ? maybe it won't feel genuine , if we had to request the behavior we were hoping to receive ? glad to be of service . : laughing : that's fascinating . the one intj i know well seems to me to be uninterested when i get long-winded , like he's just humoring me sometimes . you do ? most of the time i get shot down for it , or receive a look of long-suffering impatience . although some find the backstory amusing in itself . : agreed ! context is vital . :) ... i echo the previous posters , particularly naleena . ultimately , this classmate is not your responsibility . you have done ( or are doing ) your best to help him ; to do more than you already are will ... yes . just acknowledge her anger . no advice whatsoever . venting is purely emotional , there's no logic to it . as others have said , if an enfp is seeking logistical assistance , we'll ask for advice . ... i'll bite . a flooded field helena didn't have much but the farm , with roy gone . he'd gone ten years ago , and she stayed ' cause she had nowhere else to go . the rain started on tuesday , opened up ... i rarely have problems with sleep , but there are times when i'm just not sleepy . i'll be tired , but my brain will be fully aware , and there is just no sleep . and i hate it . it usually means that when ... the past few weeks have been utter shite . this one is bittersweet for me , but ultimately empowering . youtube - kate bush - this woman's work '