'  i have trouble distinguishing them too sometimes . enfjs are much more optimistic , but also more prone to manic highs and lows and narcissism imo . i'm not trying to paint them in a bad light , but ... yes , stoicism . there was an interesting book called tribal leadership that spoke about people at different levels of emotional ( ? ) / motivational ( ? ) development . people at low levels had trouble speaking with people ... what kind of thinker would you rather be and why ? i think i may lean towards charles darwin , but i can't quite seem to place my finger on why so i am looking for insight . i think his mind seems to ... i think the current pope is an amazing example of an empathetic istj in action . i had a pastor once with a great last name golden that fit his personality . he radiated a warm masculine sense of ... yes . my isfp girlfriend was the best at this . she incorporated me into her group of friends and they made me feel to be one of them . they had a very particular culture that everyone was a member of and ... they seem too pointed , like half a person . nomi reminds me of transhumanist transgender intjs i have met in forums and real life . nerdy hackivist types whose sensitivity comes from a ) feeling unaccepted b ) unconfident due to bullying you're all just a bunch of poor losers ! why can't you just become a rich billionaire like me ? because you're ... want to reduce your social anxiety ? just be kind | co.exist | ideas + impact i hope this can be helpful to someone i thought this thread was going to be about how companies abuse employees without compensation for example having them work night shifts without additional compensation ( it leads to a statistical ... re : creation of something novel and useful , i think it was feynman who said something like we're all stumbling in the fog and don't know if we're headed on the right track or not . just read the ... i have dealt with the same . bear them if you can . they simply feel abandoned . love them , they are crying inside archetype n . an original model after which other similar things are patterned . [ greek arkhetupos ] examples of character archetypes : hero ( arthur , theseus , bilbo ) scapegoat ( the lottery ) ... someone gave me an interesting analysis of archetypes recently and how hero archetypes can be repressive to those not of the society they represent . it's just so positive and upbeat ! on the way to bengaluru , amma stopped with the tour group for meditation on the banks of a river as the sun set . the atmosphere was as serene as the mood . after serving dinner and singing bhajans , ... i am happy for your transformation , however i would like to caution you against thinking that because you change others necessarily will . be kind to yourself during the long nights when dawn feels ... interesting . i relate to it as well . this sounds like tesla also . maybe an xntp thing .  it usually tends to be women or those with science training , or both . whyshouldeye in addition i think we will use synthetic biology to augment ourselves to survive better in non-native environments like high / low g worlds , or extremely hot / cold places , acidic ... i tgink so , but not because of self-destruction or climate change or whatever , but simply because our usefulness is being supplanted . eventually humans with enhancements like virtuals huds with real ... this is interesting . you helped me see myself in a new way . thank you . i think it is attractive . as for corporate , i am not sure . perhaps tie it up while at work ? over time they will likely drop away . true friendship is very rare , a sort of soul sharing if you will . everything else is just socializing for convenience or to not feel alone . one day though ... i really like and appreciate your response mrshatter i am incorporating some of that now , but it is a reminder that i still have work to do thank you . with that said i do still think there are ...  thai curry noodle soup ( but i would have sprouts and chicken ) . i am tasty , colorful , spicy , delicious , and eclectic , but if you ... no . this was necessary for survival when we lived in roving packs of 20-40 members in the wild , but as human civilization expands it is now necessary for us to find empathy across racial , ... this is interesting , how do you mean ? i must admit some buddhists seem to have more ... compassion stamina ( ? ) than i do ? to be honest , i found it a bit daunting . it can be a very heavy feeling and ... mindfulness | greater good i should also mention univeraity of berkeley also has a secular site on mindfulness and its applications . perhaps that would prive uaeful to you . just try to imagine kala's reaction when she discovers will and leto's ... experience ? together hahaha i know i am not important enough to deserve your attention ( she prays to ganesha ) when there are so many terrible things in this world . - kala in limbic resonance no , they make it clear in the ... mirkwood i don't think it has , but it is waiting for a next season . also , you may want to check out sense 8 i need to laugh . suggest humorous humors for me to laugh to . it would be like re-enacting annie hall 1 . yes 2 . yes 3 . yes 4 . yes 5 . i really enjoy the mountains and waters ( or rivers ) sutra by dogen however , at this time it may be a bit opaque to you . i think what most buddhists would ... i would highly recommend this series . the visuals are great and it definitely grips you right away , but after the first few seasons it was a bit less ... monsanto is an ethically responsible company kala just seems too much of a traditionalist sj to me . marrying a guy she doesn't love because her family likes him and being very religious worshipping ganesha are two big points towards that ... after finishing season 1 i will go with intp for both wolfgang and sun . i could buy enfp for capheus and intj for sun , but not infj for kala nor isfp for nomi . i think it is a natural reaction as a man to feeling manipulated . i like infjs that are unitarians '