' i love the 4th movent of the 9th symphony ... that might thanks to a clockwork orange . besides that all i listen to lately is oasis . they are just amazing i suppose it is more of a role than a job for me . mostly because a job would be an obligation and i tend to only socialize on my own terms . feels more like a role because of that . stultum heh i am black-ish ( really not at all ) so i tend to get away with those kinds of jokes ... i love em . i only think in a monologue , ever . yet there are no monologues for me , suppose it'd be the same as saying every thing i think out loud ; no responses or disagreeing . heck i can't even picture ... even that isn't happening to me , i must be an abomination . : rolleyes : wish i was able to remember my dreams ... kind of want to find out what my creative mind is up to subconsiously as i am very uncreative when awake . heh this is my vacation / no obligation cycle aswell . insertcreativenamehere the 4th generation was pretty good , infernape is still one of my favorite pokémon . magnemites tho , they are awesome - ish ... muk is one you should hate , i do at least . it ... i still don't accept the later generation pokemons . old is where it's at . i went parachute jumping a few times , i'd do it more often ... but i am just too lazy to go out of my way to actually participate in ( extreme ) sports . cinnamon 83 i can't even imagine the amount of laid back you must have been allowing this kind of intrusion ... i fear avoiding and denying isn't going to cut this one , next up would be agressive ... raised catholic , at the age of 10 - ish i started having logical thoughts about life and religion and found that my way didn't fit with most if any religion . stopped going at around the age of 14 i ... i woudn't really avoid it , but more the person who made the mistake . just until i subconsiously processed to the minor mistakes room and i realise avoiding the person is kinda over doing it . if it ... > . > but i'm no female istp telling when and where i am in the mood to fornicate . i'd guess i'm interested in biology / physics . further most of my time is taken by watching series and playing what ... err , didn't think this thread would be the right place for it hehe . well i practice ballet ( 11 years now or so . mother tought it would be fun for me to do at the age of 6 , too lazy to ... somehow most of these istp girls are more masculine than i am . not to sure how i feel about that , lol . so ya destiny is fun ... that's what i've been doing this past week ( or 2 i don't quite remember > . > ) story is a bit short though . thorweeps how did you get forced ? oo the amount of times i refused to get evaluated are too many . you might carry me over there , but you can't force me to talk is the right attitude while ... as i am still trying to actually use them right ( the emotions ) , how and why would logic fuck you over ? if i knew that i might be able to stop going in to ti-ni loops . isn't logic absolute ? as in , ... 229 , with even once a hit of 50 ms . * quite proud of that one . but i just woke up . let me try later again . lol half of you and your mother . so in this case just you . but i feel like this is not completely fair . the message about the 8 cookies does not specify you ( single ) or you and your mother ... i'm informed now :) . that doesn't look bad . looks like it could be quite some fun . hope it has the same sort of feel to it . werp , i meant lord of shadows . with the completely new story line and all it was just not what i hoped it to be . dawn of sorrows was great :D . i've always loved games where you can really evolve ... personally i doubt how much harder it would be to walk it , than to run it . but i have no experience in speed walking , just seems unlikely it is that much harder to walk it . i'm indeed not a native english speaker and i don't think i ever claimed to be . is there any significant difference in walking and running when it's about running 4 miles in 30 minutes ? ( aside from ... yes i am . and while i am at it , there are a lot of people who practice , lets say football , and those would do it in 25-30 mins . i've did it multiple times and i can actually show you the results if ... what did you guys think of halo 4 ? i got it on release , but never played it all that much as i played halo reach . this said , i think imma give it a quick looksie before i decide wether to sell it or ... is that such a big preformance ? at the place where i live we have this event where a lot of people walk 4 miles . and i've been able to do it without practicing in like 30-34 mins every year since i ... chan if i'm correct is that a very intp way of thinking right ? seeing all the possibilities and that for every action something of equal strength would bring back that balance . also as my ... o god do i love rain , the more the better . i never understood people disliking rain . last summer i had lightning struck the ground like 3 meters away from me . aside from my phone dieing right there , ... hm i'm quite familiar with the grindy stiles of diablo , always liked those series . and hype wise , i didn't really heard all that much about it , just that it wass a game comming out lol :P . imma ... loaf seems that my choice in games is either bad , or yours is good ^ ^ is destiny worth it ? thinking about buying it . quite a lot of people consider my fro a piece of art . that while it isn't even a legit full fro yet . get that compliment at least 4 times a week , together with people staring at it while saying it ... yesh i've read that part , interesting ^ ^ , does help in making me managable lol . also interesting story the country of the blind was a fun read . > . > you still got me to refer to me as a animal , well played . when i feel i've hit a wall of not being able to move forward i will , but for now i'm willing to sacrifice the ups for not feeling downs ... well yes , i can refer to feelings i've had , since i've had some more in the past . haven't had an active or dominant emotion in a very long time . logically yes i am human , but i haven't found a place ... the making the most of your wtf years felt somewhat unstatisfying to read . mostly because i am at that stage i suppose :) . and the friendship section is awfully empty . further more i'm really bad at ... it is however how i felt after not being able to connect with anyone . no one ever got how feelings don't really add anything . it is weak-ish in my eyes to keep yourself bound by emotions . saira that is the difference between an animal and something superior isn't it ? :P i have nothing inferior compared to humans . a god amoung humans would never fit with them , even when they look ... interesting , i felt always superior , not like an animal . but like a superior being . was suprised there were other people being able to perceive the world logical and not emotional too . the world ... you might have heard the saying : in the land of the blind , the one-eyed man is king ? well , it's not true . in the land of the blind , the one-eyed is a weird monstrosity that should be blinded , too , ... autism spectrum disorder , i read better and quicker than everyone i know lol . people barely keep up with my speed . developmental wise tho , it depends per person where he / she is slower in ... copy paste dude , copy paste * makes me think you don't see things as practical they can be :P . but me being diagnosed with asd too , just settled on istp for now . i think that even if you do have ... i suppose my answer would be some sort of unvalid too . since even though i've gone through some things , my family was always there when i needed them . it is just that i never really connected / ... yeap , i am bad at answering things that never will be . or they ask it in such a way that just repels me , but if it had been phrased differently i woudn't be . they tend to ask just the wrong questions ... unless you repent by singing his praises ofcourse : ^ ) i've found it quite amusing as well , would mean that god is actually the worst torturer that exists . the devil is nothing compared to that , as he is being punished himself . god is a big dictator . i've tought about this before . at the age of 6-7 i think , it is not as clear as some memories . both my parents cut of contact with both their family's ( their parents and brothers / sisters ) . there ... '