' bats are mouse angels .. i need sleep . i hope you never find the cold side of the pillow . pack your things everyone , thread over but then again , how many canidates do we have for the role ? that is the question : mellow : well , he did intisgate it , but should we open up voting polls for the position ? : wink : reporting for duty , what's the plan cap'n ? confirmed ? one , and he was my chemistry teacher who i'd bombard with questions constantly , and i still pop by his lab from time to time to say hello and banter with him . my god , someone finally put it into words ...  entp - god has a nice ring to it , wouldn't you say ? i think i've finally figured out the career i want for myself ( physics ) , it has all kinds of intellectually juicy concepts and ideas , but the math is killing me . but , since it's something i have ... hmmm ... i might just have to try that in the future . but nah , every time i've gotten to the interview part , i've gotten the job . it's mostly just confidence , not i own the place already , but ... or better yet , not even trying at the interview , and still manage to leave your interviewer in a puddle of his own brain goo that leaked out of his ears , due to your awesomeness . source : happened ... i know what you mean ... example : i work the front desk at hotel , and it's glorious as hell . i get to meet all kinds of new interesting people . anywho , i was working the other day , and with one of ... so my roommate ( confirmed istj ) , his girlfriend , and i all went out on valentine's day to go watch thor 2 on campus . * walks into the classroom to find there's free snacks * me - holy shit , ... i wonder if i've finally gone insane .. enthusiast enthusiasts are lovers of ideas . they spend a lot of their time in their minds , exploring ideas , establishing theories , and understanding phenomena . usually they like exploring ... ... you're working the graveyard shift at a hotel , and at around four in the morning , just as you're starting to brew the coffee , a guest comes down and asks you for some tylenol . you end up having ... child ; everything teen ; pyro-technician , architect now ; physicist / pyro-technician either a nook or a kindle , with some money to buy books , as there aren't any book stores in my town . sad thing is , i didn't even think to mention this to my family , as i just now thought of it ... .. you go into work on your day off in order to get the new schedule , and the moment you walk in the door , the manager and your coworker start peppering you with questions on what they should do on ... 87122 dear infx , stop throwing me through these loops , i don't know how to handle you damnit D: if i had my drums set up , and a video camera , i'd be posting a cover of some songs i've been wanting to do . but alas , my current living arrangement prevents me . i see your grieves , and raise you brother ali . ... you get to work and some of your coworkers are stressed and royally pissed off , and proceed to mess with one of them . while another tells you , you better not do that , she's going to whoop you ... so i recently moved several states away to go to an engineering school , and have had to go through some bull shit classes at a community college , just to get into the engineering school . and now ... smoke meth and hail satan . and i log onto disney.com without my parents permission . ... one day you think to yourself , ew . people . jaymccrunch i don't post much , but then again i don't hardly check my phone anymore .. when you form relationships , do you use a tactical approach for it , in order to gain something ? basically using somebody for what they have to offer , and that the tactics aren't visible . my ... a1 = 10 , ak + 1 = ak + 2 ah , the joys of math . we lurk in the shadows , watching . always watching . 6 ' 3 and 130lbs . i was beyond excited when i finally broke 130 :D the river : shall i explain to you now the river : those thoughts i was having the river : also would you rather talk through this accountor the other one infj : yeah sure infj : and yeah prob the ... this . this shit right here . a cage . i once had a cop stop and talk to me and a friend , asking if everything was alright from the amount of expressive hand gestures we were using . i am merely here to find out more about you all and bring gifts of a fine bottle of jameson and some intelligent conversation . * raises glass * cheers . back when i used to smoke , it calmed my brain down to the point where i could focus on one or two tasks at a time , instead of the usual two dozen . while i could still connect the dots between ideas , ... pretty sure i'm already insane . i got tricked into it with offers of whiskey , cookies , and women .  ... you're being introduced to your future teachers , and your dad tells you , that under no circumstance , to be a wise guy to them , and your only thought is , ... well fuck . '