' icicle 84 the hymns are really beautiful ! ! both versions of amazing grace are amazing ! i haven't really delved in deeper to hymns . and listening to these , it takes my breath away . :) by the ... these were all commended for their faith , yet none of them received what had been promised , since god had planned something better for us so that only together with us would they be made perfect . - ... definitely ! the way he does things for his glory is far more awesome than our wishes and expectations . and i'm just glad that this thread is growing . look at all those posts . :) such joy that ... well for now , if i base it from all your answers , it could only come to breaking up or waiting until god knows when . as for compromise , i really don't know how you fair with compromise . so how do you ... haha . thanks it's really okay and i don't mind the rambling . :p i ramble too so i understand . yes , i kind of figured that out too . that he was probably saying those things to me ... i think that all of these things happened for a reason . this thread is here for a reason . god brought us all here for a reason . and honestly , this really helped me a lot get into the right ... of all the threads i've ever visited , this is by far the most comforting , the most encouraging , and the most hopeful and i feel so blessed to have been able to visit this thread because it gave me a ... thanks for that . i do respect how you see things and it gives me a little bit of insight of how your type works and prolly how my istp work . we haven't really gotten to that point yet and when it ... wow ! thanks a lot guys ! it will be a bitter pill to swallow ( on my part ) , but it's nice to see that most of you would rather leave than cheat . i see . i guess a lot of factors really contribute if a relationship will work or not . but let's say , that sex itself was the one thing missing out from the relationship . kissing , hugging , necking , ... thanks for all your responses ! really appreciate it . it seems your answers are as varied as the stars in the sky . ;) as for masturbation , i don't know . i haven't really thought about that . i guess ... hello istps ! if you don't mind i would like to ask some questions about something and i'll present it in a certain situation . here goes ... let's say , there's a girl you've been with for a few ... i hate the fact that i flunk at two job interviews because i am an infp ! it sucks really . the first reason was that i need ' exposure ' . heck ! i'm an introvert ! so only popular and people-person type ... this is my point of view with regards to the op for me , it's about acceptance . that is , at this point in my life . but acceptance doesn't just mean accepting the negativities in our life and do ... sometimes , it really doesn't need to be fixed ... there are times when one person just needs someone to be there to listen to them ( or yeah hug them ) and understand what they are going through ... the ... sounds like my istp alright ... but i don't expect him to console me that much since i know he can be really really insensitive ... it's a wonder that we get attracted to this kind of personality ... i'm 23 , still got my v-card and intending to keep it until marriage . got my very first boyfriend who i'm madly in love with and who i feel is sexually assertive . i'm kinda afraid he might leave me ... 23 years old . one heck of a complicated relationship with an istp . my very first . i wonder if it will work . i do want it to work . i'm blindly madly in love with him . but circumstances are making it ... i don't really mind about groups at all . while smaller groups are comfortable , i'm also not closing my doors to large groups . they can be fun and enjoying at times . in perc , i usually just consult it ... she can be an nf though . yeah ... i would prefer the first one as i don't think the latter would make it any better ... i think after giving it a long thought , i can say that he probably thinks like that and maybe i'm ... thanks for this . really helps . i really feel bad about their situation but my sister herself can sometimes be really vague . like she is confused about her situation . like she doesn't know what to do ... really ? ? i never thought of that ... i'm not really that close to my father anyway ... he always seem so reserve and when he talks to us , he talks about technical stuff , gadgets , technology which are ... well .. first off .. thanks for all the feedback =) really doubted someone would reply coz this seems to be an old thread .. xd my sis said they've talked about it but i don't know if she really ... double post : s well .. i know that this seems to be an old thread .. but i don't know if i should start a new one or just continue with this ... after all , it would fall in the same topic .. plus i'm too lazy to create a ... i think lokkye is right ... but as for me ... if the feeling is mutual , i'd be flattered ... but if not , i'd feel uncomfortable and maybe cease communication .. i dunno .. it's just me ... since she's a ... here are my thoughts : i think j . k . rowling is an infp ... she was suffering from deep depression and emotions flow in her writings ... same with edgar allan poe ... but these are just my thoughts i'm living with an infp sister and if i were to observe infps aside from my own , what pisses me off about infps is how they can be sooo disorganized and messy and can't seem to clean up their own ... i know this is an old thread but i can't help it o . o i've already read infp - istp / estp / entj / istj relationships off forums and i've heard the sides of their stories and well they are pretty stormy ... hi ! i was wondering if this is an infp trait / characteristic or maybe it's just me . right now , i'm caught in a horrible cycle which it seems is hard to get out . this is a bit long so i hope someone ... wow ! very well-said ... you truly have put the ' healer ' in the infp .. :) thanks so much for the post ... it just shows that if we truly use our strengths more and mitigate our weaknesses ... we can truly ... searching for pictures in deviantart , reading forum posts , trying to read my 11k unread msgs in my mail ( whew ! ) , publishing a blog post in my blog and editing and proofreading it , checking out other ... whoa ! i kinda remembered ! the only enfj who totally become one of my best friends was the one whom i approached first because the situation needs me to do so ... heheh ... xd i have actually met enfjs from afar and i dunno ... they intimidate me in some ways ... you are an amazing people ... and the way you express your emotions ... the sincerity in it ... i dunno ... i would want to ... thanks for replying ... although with the opening part ... i don't think i'd have any right to do so coz we're just casual friends ... i mean he might be surprised on me saying these kinds of ... i feel happie today = 3 scenery : * me pacing back and forth in the room all by myself talking to myself * little did i know my siblings could actually hear me ... brother ( enfp ): i heard her talking to herself ... why does ... i can relate to this sometimes ... it's like for the sake of being in a ' group ' ... anyway ... i seem to attract isfjs and isfps a lot ... i like their company most of the time ... right now ... when i think ... wew ! maybe i should hang out there as well ... the p preference annoys me ... especially when i don't get my tasks done ... and my room is still messy > . < it seems that a lot of infps like to ... another thing that pisses me off as an infp is that you always have these sad moments all too often ... you get back on your feet and then the next time you feel the weight of the world on your ... brick by boring ' aura ' by paramore xd ( i'm biased .. i lurve paramore =) she lives in a fairytale ... somewhere too far for us to find ... forgotten the taste and smell of a world that she's left ... yep ! definitely ... an isfjs ' s ' and ' j ' definitely helps me ( you ) out ... most of them are pretty organized ... i think my one friend has a very high ' j ' preference ... very meticulous in everything that ... yeah probably so ... isfj seem to have this confidence in them that i don't have .. i sometimes find myself nagging to let them do the talking when it's needed or something .. but i do have learned a lot ... other than thinking what i'm going to write here ... uhmm ... i'm slacking off : crazy : and uh .. i'm trying to read my already flooded email one by one thinking that i can complete them this day ( or ... uhmm .. i dunno what to say ... maybe i've evolved ? lol .. xd ... i'm only talky or let's say i speak my mind when i'm with my close peers but to strangers ... im shy as a mouse : crazy : hmm .. i didn't know ... wow ! i love this ! i wish i can fly ! lol ! : laughing : izzit innate for an infp to give off that kind of aura ... innocence ... when people first meet me that's probably the word that would come into their mind and until they would know me .. it is still stuck ... very magical if you meet one in rl .. ^ _ ^ honestly ... you can share the same deepest thoughts and you can feel that ' hey i'm not alone in the world after all ' ... makes you feel really really better ... i ... hi infp ! ! * hug hug * nice to meet an infp like me too ! ^ _ ^ hope to hear from you soon : wink : '