' yeh i bought it up on the call before , and he did say he doesnt even know hes really doing it and hes just like that and people have gotten annoyed at him before . yeh id agree with the view on ... well i do actually believe this . i take some responsibility . my life needs improving , my self belief and confidence etc . if i had worked harder up until now to improve those things , maybe my friend ... i have had issues with feeling suspicious about people's true intentions in the past . mainly because when i was younger i was used alot , and taken for a ride and probably do suffer from low self ... exactly , its not about thinking ' he owes me something , he owes me a friendship and to be nice ' . no . its not that at , all . it's the obvious avoiding behavour . another example is his food would go off ... i'm asking for people's advice , perspective really on this . i have a friend who i go out with alot at weekends drinking . the weekend just gone , he was djing at a club for a night . he asked me to come ... i think you're onto something with the high standards / perfectionist thing . he does appear that way . the first day he moved in he painted the whole room white again , even though it was fine . kinda ... so i basically have a 2 bedroomed apartment and i rent out the spare room . i've had lodgers for the past few years . i moved someone new in about 4-5 months ago . i made an effort in the few month ... thanks man . yeh it would be interesting to talk to another infj alike too . i'm not a skype but im on facebook , ill send you over a pm . thanks . that gave me some great insight and clarity . i think ive figured the main cause to most of my problems , and its confidence . i'm paralyzed and gripped by uncertainty , fear , because i lack confidence in myself . i figured it kinda looks like ... the weight of a stone is different here on earth than on our moon :) thanks for your reply . i'm glad to hear from someone who's been through the same thing . i feel exactly the same about big things , atleast i know i have to focus on that , and i have focus , without my ... i can relate to the artwork thing . i started not enjoying music so much when i started getting gigs where i had to find and play music that others enjoyed , not so much that i liked . i've tried ... ill try to explain what goes through my head when i try to focus on one thing . say i decide right now , for the next 3 months , to just focus on what i enjoy , what i like doing , which is making music ... i was wondering if anyone else has been through this and can maybe give me some perspective / insight on how to get out of it . right now i feel stuck , confused , overwhelmed . i know that i don't want ... so i came across a dating article the other day , was reading the comment section and some guy was talking about fe and fi . from what i take from his comments , and i may be taking this in a negative ... the feeling in my head is definitely something to do with the warts . i had the same feeling on citalopram years ago i've heard about this . bi polar does run in my family , my dad suffers from ... hey guys . i started talking st johns warts last week to try and life my mood just a little as i have just started a new job . 6 days in and i feel worse , my head feels like it's ' throbbing ' , like its ... for the single mums 241210 my sincere apologies . pritty much agree with everything you've said . too many young women who are not fit or ready for children having kids / don't even know who they are themselves in this world . i know , i was brought up ... you have some valid points . i agree different women are attracted to different things / have different values etc . maybe i'm just fighting being myself right now , and its making things worse.feels like ... i think the word you looking for is balance ( i agree ) , and yes , i would agree i have maybe swung too far over to the left from bad experiences , im aware and i am working on it . i have a hard time ... well no , not technically . every human is fundamentally trying to always feel better , than they do at any current moment . infjs get pleasure from helping others , and seeing others happier . you are ... look , all this really depends on the context . sure , i'm polite and nice to people , ill offer if people want anything from the shop , for example who i don't really know . if a stranger is in trouble , ... i guess you could call it ' healthy nice guy ' and unhealthy nice guy . the unhealthy nice guy is perceived as ' nice ' on the exterior , but is riddled with insecurities , unhealthy way of dealing with ... we've obviously had different experiences throughout life . i use to be that guy , and got walked over . all i'm saying is being perceived as a nice guy , opens you up for alot of exploitation . its a ... - thanks . i do make the first contact , but the problem is i don't match with anyone i fancy . i mean , they're mostly women with kids , or women i don't find attractive . i have recently grew my ... what is it with me and attracting mostly single mums on dating sites ? any other people have trouble with this ? it's like im giving off this easily malleable , nice guy vibe that i carn't stand ! i ... i'm from warrington too ! for what purpose do you want to study psychology ? help others ? satisfy an interest ? out of the 2 , what would you say you spent most of the day thinking about ? for years i chased a dream , a dream to make music , that connected with others , that lifted people up through rouge times , like it did for me . music was something that got me through hard times in ... eric prydz and deadmau 5 :) thanks ! but i'm still a little confused . how do the letters infj ( for example ) relate to the first 4 functions o that type ? for example , the ti and se are both thinking and sensing , but infj includes ... hey guys , wondering if someone could help me with a few questions i have about mbti . i'm trying to understand the functions , but i'm failing to understand how say the four letters , infj , are ... look up chromium tablets , they might help you . i'm getting them delivered tommorow . there ment to help people with carb cravings and depression . take a look into it . its helped alot of people ... anyone ? this mindset limits growth , in my opinion . what your saying is , if i want to be a more empathetic person , because i value that and expect it of others , and myself , i shouldn't try to be more ... find yourself , what does that even mean ? i believe in finding out your strengths , weaknesses , values , wants as a person can help on your path , but the term ' find yourself ' just kinda makes no ... anyone here got this type of depression ? only just found out about it tbo , my doctors or therapist never told me about this . i think i've suffered from depression since i was a kid . i generally ... do you guys think this is a normal reaction and this is what working hard is ? i . e , something everyone experiences when working against something they don't want to do , or something else ? i think we ... unbelievable amount of stress throughout my body , feels like i'm going to have a heart attack any moment . pains in my chest when working towards something i don't really want to do . like right now , ... the_blob thanks . i ’ ve been on anti-depressants before . 2 types . just made me feel numb , with no feelings at all . didn ’ t do anything for my motivation / energy levels . i ’ ve been to countless ... thanks for the replys . appeciate it . i think right now i am completely overwhelmed with debt , struggle to find work and loneliness . i'm trying to take steps this week to re-prioritize . hopefully ... weird . i came across a blog that more or less has alot of the same lines used . its like the author used alot of what was put in that original typologycentral thread for her blog post that was only ... i'm not sure where to begin . kinda reaching out here for some advice , maybe even some help on identifying what problem / problems are causing me to constantly be in the zone of unhappiness in my life ... not sure where to begin with this vent . life just doesn't seem to get any better for me . it's like i love having no foundation in place what-so-ever . started a new temporary christmas job last ... this comes to mind reading your post . follow your gut . if you think it was the right decision it probably was . just don't do a me and be out of work ... sadly , this is me down to a tee : ) it's great your trying to improve yourself . you might not clearly see the improvements , but others will . keep that up . as for finding a partner , i would recommend to stop trying to find one . you need ... the most difficult personality type i've ever dealt with is an infj . bob mcalpine of type resourcesspecifies the istj as a dynamic opposite of the infj . between these two patterns , all eight of the ... '