' candy apple : thanks for your detailed response . there's a lot to unpack there and , like i said , i'm not really able to right now unfortunately . ultimately i 100 % agree with you that the ... hmmm i think when descriptors ( which are often not that reliable btw ) say that n is future-oriented they mean it more in the sense that n is interested in abstract possibilities and potential which ... or just share your creative writing process please ! i want to have my eyes opened to the world of ne-si creativity ! candy apple thoughtcatalog this spades questionnaire yall are talking about sounds useful , but to me the picture approach seems a little biased towards sensing . if someone shows me a picture and ... dogsoup : i see your point , it's definitely tricky to suss out . but i feel like tying it back to a relationship with god is an interpretation that's fairly concept heavy ( unless the person in ... it's both lol i agree when you say that the inferior function isn't shitty but i still think we have way less control over it than our dominant and that many times when we think we're actively ... dogsoup : i agreed very much with the op but the example you gave with madonna didn't really click . i would think that someone with fi-pe would be very good at taking in the song as is ( as the writer ... another thing , and i know i'm gonna get a lot of cocked heads from this , but i don't really think it makes sense to talk about using all 8 functions . i think that if each of the 4 base functions ... candy apple : when it comes to inferior and tertiary functions , i'm of the opinion that they affect our behavior in many ways we don't want to consciously acknowledge owing to the fact that they're a ... so , full disclosure , the main reason i'm writing this is that i'm an infj , i love the lyrics of michael stipe ( rem ) , anthony kiedis ( rhcp ) , kurt cobain ( nirvana ) and many others who are almost always ... to tie it all back to the op though , i'd say dominant ni manifests as an incessant reflection on a handful of core concepts . a lot of it has to do with the intention / end goal implicit in my ... charlie.elliot : i kind of think the functions are confusing at all levels tbh . the dominant is hard to identify because you're so fully immersed in it , the aux can be under-developed supposedly due ... try using bulletpoints , condensing it , and organizing it thematically . there's a lot of thoughts leading to next thoughts leading to stories , which can get a little confusing . honestly though , ... turi : thanks for going in to such detail with your response . it all definitely fits and the thought processes you described resonated . what you said about tertiatry functions being something we're ... tridentus : i like it ! and i agree with almost everything . i would only say that ti ( and fi in a sense ) are in fact looking for the truth as well and ti especiaaly may not be fully aware of the ... as i'm sure most people here do , i often question my type . i've gone through identifying as intj , intp , and finally settled on infj ( i hope ! ) . but just to clarify , i'm going to lay out what i see as ... dragonhead 66 : i don't think anyone is arguing that thoughts and behavior are not correlated . there is obviously a relationship there . the problem is that there are a lot of confounding elements that ... this is an interesting thread and i feel like i should read this book . i agree with dogsoup though that inferior functions don't only come out in times of stress . i personally think they're a ... looking for the meaning of a song doesn't strike me as something you can associate with any one function . i'm sure people of all types do that and there are many different ways to go about it . ... bhathaway : our experiences are eerily similar ! cupcake angel : i relate to most of that , but only when i'm taking my music really seriously ! :p i'm an infj , but this rings true with my si friends and what i know of si from a theoretical standpoint . when i'm listening to music i tend to drift a lot in my thinking . some of the common ... looking at it as perceiver vs . judger is not always helpful in my view because basic definitions of these rely far too much on behavior ( which is conditioned and situational ) rather than cognition . ... after 18 pages of this thread i'm convinced of a few things : there is no single consistent definition of intuition or the ni and ne functions that people can agree on . a lot of posters are ... inregardstomyself : i agree , but i can't reeally get behind what benty fagatronicus ( i just spelled out that hateful pseudonym with utter disgust ) said about mbti not being suited to individuality . ... people are not like ice cream ; each person is quite unique . people of the same mbti type can have a wide diversity of behaviours , interests , outlooks ... being an isfj just means that ( apparently ) ... no type is better than any other . it's also normal to find the personality type represented by your inferior functions to be highly desirable , especially when you're down and your self-confidence is ... goamare : i see you're more interested in proving your point and asserting your superior intelligence than you are in having a constructive discussion , which , on my end , makes me feel like most of my ... dust mite : you mentioned memory : all functions have their own way of making use of memory , it's not specific to si ( though si-doms may appear to others to have good memory ) . si is more about ... there is barely any correlation between iq and the n / s dichotomy and , in my view , most such studies are not reliable . add to that the fact that iq-tests are very-much tailored to abstract thinking ... goamare : i'm actually only in disagreement with you on the details , but you could try to strike a less arrogant and confrontational tone and you'd find we'd be able to have a more constructive ... agreed , ti-ne is a very different thought process than si-fe . intp looks like : i want to understand the world better , let's explore different ideas isfj looks like : i value and want to ... cupcake angel : for a good year or so i was convinced that i was an intp . i've also noticed since then that there are a lot of infjs who first identify as intps . i have my guesses about why this is , ... goamare : that's one opinion . what i would say to you is that karl jung and isabel myers-briggs based the entire theory on cognitive functions and the relationships between them . if you reject that , ... hey ! first off , i think that's a totally normal experience you're going through . not just for infps but for everyone ! also , the first thing to recognize is that you won't be able to actively ... yeah , it's hard to tell for sure from an example like this , because it's something we can all relate to to a degree and we don't really get a good look at your thought process . that said , i'm ... i agree with both those posts , except that i would recommend you be careful around descriptions of intjs fi-te combination as it is often exaggerated or misrepresented . i'll try to be a little ... nope ! i'm quite sure that's not how it works . your type is already determined from a young age , and even if it weren't there's no chance you could actively direct it . i mean , your thoughts are ... turi : all of that makes a whole lot of sense ! i was actually thinking earlier today about how my tertiary ti seems to pop-up kind of at random too ( which is a pretty wild coincidence ! ) . it's kind ... littlemissfreedom : look into your auxiliary function . that's the function that provides most of the conscious motivation to your thought process . if you find that you're often trying to give order ... charlie.elliot : i hear you , but i can see why many people would find that method unreliable . also , many of the infj descriptions i've seen don't really resonate , but i'm convinced that it's because ... i suppose , as long as you're talking from experience and not ripping it off a website . preferably you would share your own experiences with your weaker perceiving function ( si , ne , ni , whatever ) ... haha ok ready ? i'm going to try to give it another go : i've been thinking about mbti for days on end now , to the point where i literally see the concepts ( function abreviations , functional stacks , ... i think it really depends on the situation . but yeah , generally speaking ni is averse to details because it has absolutely no use for them . it pretty much indiscriminately sheds the details in search ... unicornrainbowlove : ok . yes . i get that this is what is happening . but what i'm trying to say is that for me personally ( as an ni-dom ) it seems like giving an account that a sensor can't relate to ... so this is an idea that was born of a discussion in a previous thread : the idea ... all that said , i would love to read about people's weaker perceiving functions . in fact , i'm gonna go start that thread ! ! 👍 😎 turi : that's in line with my experience more or less . the only thing i would say is that i think fe actually plays a role right from the get-go ; without my having to seek people out and share the ... right , the way i look at it is this : it all starts with the ego-block , that is the 2 leading functions . all the other blocks kind of fall in to place from there . now obviously the ego-block has ... mbti is not an empirical science , that much is obvious . but that doesn't mean it has no basis in reality . i would expect that as neuroscience improves over the next few decades it will be possible to ... i have an intp friend and an infp friend , but i don't have either ti or fi in my ego block , so my understanding might be a little off . at the most fundamental level : ti uses logic - i . e . true or ... '