' thank you for your response hotspur , you have given me great insight ! i do recognize that i don't always go into a conflict with a agree to disagree attitude , and that usually happens if i'm ... i appreciate the empathy ; thank you for sharing ! i hope your relationship flourishes into a beautiful entity ! : happy : i've read over and over that infps dislike conflict and prefer harmony . while i do enjoy harmony the infp brings , i can be pretty opinionated about several issues , and in a conversation , this can ... anti-tattoos , what the hell ? ! : laughing : . yes , we , the mighty enfjs are crusaders against tattoos ; feel our wrath tattoos wearing degenerates ! : tongue : can someone please make a poll for this ... in that case , what are your favorite songs ? that makes sense ; i could see it being whiny . emo is entertaining since it's very energetic , especially if you go to a show ! everyone is dancing , ... i would say that most of those adjectives described me , but you have to keep in mind that every individual is going to be different ; no two enfjs will be exactly the same . i think the list for ... cool beans , i also enjoy some metal and punk music ! what are your favorite metal and punk bands ? haha , i can see why you would want to punch someone listening to emo ; it can seem depressing ! i ... well , i can't say i know many istps , but the one i did know from high school was a fantastic guy . he was one of the few individuals who stood out and wasn't afraid to follow the norm . i enjoyed his ... thank you for taking time to write this ; i appreciate it ! : happy : that can be just as difficult too , trying hard to make an establish relationship work . for what it's worth , you seem to be a stellar individual ; i've enjoyed reading a lot of your posts . you come ... one of the things that fascinate about being an enfj is how much emphasis we put on people and relationships ; like our idealist brothers and sisters , we daydream about the ultimate relationship . ... first off , how is this a sign of judgement day ? it's just a guy with tatoo drawings , and look how happy he is ! i think it's a sad day when people ridicule and castigate someone for expressing their ... you have a job interview at 10:00 am ; you show up at 9:30 ! : tongue : i concur , infps are wonderful people ! you guys and girls have a beautiful imagination , strong ideals , and an authentic desire to help others ; i highly respect that ! just remember , you're an amazing ... congratulations good sir ! : happy : even though i just met you , i'm glad and thrilled to know and gentlemen and a scholar ! until next time , i'll see you on the enfj threads ! : happy : random side note , i really need to start proofreading my comments for errors ! : laughing : my avatar is the album cover of more skin with milk-mouth from the band giraffes ? giraffes ! ( no , that is not a typo ; they spell their names with punctuation marks : laughing : ) . i'm a avid lover of ... it seems that a lot of enfjs are drawn to psychology ; it's our nature to want to pursue a career that aims to help others ! : happy : hehe , well i just recently graduated with my bachelor's in psychology , and i can tell you that it was an amazing experience ! psychology intrigued me because i developed a better understanding of ... i've noticed , thank you for taking the time to read my thoughts ; it means a lot to me : happy : . as for your final statement , all i can say is you sir are a gentlemen and a scholar ! :p roud : 1 . currently , i'm looking for a job as a mental health technician , or a case manager . i'm perplexed by questions 2-4 . is there a personality test about , what kind of animal am i , or are you ... salutations ! i'm a new enfj , so you'll have to excuse my late arrival ! i'm always up for a good conversation , so feel free to drop by and say hi ! : happy : salutations dearlybeloved ! welcome to personality cafe ! i hope you have an amazing time , and i can't wait to hear what you have to say on the forums ! i'm an enfj , and i'll probably see you either in ... well , as a disclaimer , this may be a long response , so thank you to anyone that reads it ! as of now , there are 2 major issues that i want to fix : 1.the american media's portrait of whom and what ... in my past , i've been attracted to infps , infjs , intjs and isfps ! i'm especially fond of infps because of what i've read about their compatibility with enfjs . can't say i've meet many infps though ... i'm not an infp , but i do enjoy their calm , tranquil nature ; it soothing to my ecstatic persona ! i feel that because infps have this tranquil personality , they are gifted listeners ; i feel that they ... i can't stop listening to catgroove ; it's incredible ! thanks for the recommendation ! wow , you like a lot of the bands that i do ! i love explosions in the sky , bon iver , and especially the most serene republic ! you are the only other person i know that has heard of most serene ... you know you're an enfj when ... : 1 . people get uncomfortable with the amount of hugs you give them . 2 . you're told you're a flirt , and you're surprise to hear this . 3 . you have a lot of ... haha , how does it feel to beat an enfj at a humility contest ? haha , by chance has anyone told you that you're the most humble person ever ? :) ok , i'm glad you clarify that for me ! for a moment , the art of seduction didn't fit in with the other books ! well , not everyone likes us , just a good portion of people ! :) we are quite the ... wow , intriguing ! i'm not going to lie , the 50 cent book sounds like an awesome , random collaboration ! robert greene ... now that name sounds familiar . what are his works ? wow , what coincidence ! the art of war by sun tzu is on my book list ! you sir just gained kudos points ! thank you for telling me the name of his book ; i'll have to check it out after finishing my book list ! wait , you like power ? niccolo machiavelli loves power ? ! i would of never guess . next you'll ... what is the main theme of his famous book ? also , how are his beliefs still relevant in today's society ? lastly , i'm curious to know your personal fascination with him ; where did it stem from ? haha , fair enough ! by the way , can you tell me some interesting facts about machiavelli ? all i can remember about him was he wrote a book about how to gain power and deceive your enemies . technically , i want to be a school psychologist . initially , i wanted to join either a clinical or counseling psychology program , but it's extremely competitive . i also enjoy working with ... first off , welcome ! :) i've worked at a grocery store , dunkin donuts , and a movie theater ; it was quite boring and mundane . my main issues with these jobs were i didn't feel like i was ... as of now , i want to improve myself on an intellectual level : i've been trying to read more books , watch more documentaries , and i enjoy vocab word of the day ! other than that , i'm applying to ... oh , my bad , you are an intj , oops ! as for being perfect , don't be modest ! i'm sure you're beyond perfect ! :) as for me , i'm striving for self-actualization ; it's quite fun ! welcome to the forum , jawz and myself have been trying to recruit more of you ! : cool :: laughing :[ / quote ] why thank you kindly ! i'm glad to be a part of this website ! i feel that i can learn a lot ... sure , knowledge is power ; i enjoy from others and sharing my own experiences ! oh , i enjoy talking about music ; there is your fun fact about me ! :) what brings you here ? what threads do you enjoy ? ... c'mon folks ... just drop in and say hi .. and tell us a little bit about yourselves :) salutations ! i'm an enfj , and i just joined personalitycafe today ! nice to meet you ! :) what brings you ... what signs do you give off when you like someone ? ( romantically ) if i really like someone , i will go out of my way to spend more time with them ; this includes texting them , calling them , inviting ... when i think of infps , i think of music that's tranquil and relaxing ; something that helps you daydream and get lost in your thoughts . with that in mind , i present the following list : owen-owen ... for starters , regina spektor is fantastic ; kudos to you for listening to her ! i should give a disclaimer that i love talking about music ! that being said , i would recommend the following : ... salutations ! i'm a new enfj , and i'm thrilled to be a part of this community ! i've enjoyed reading a lot of the threads here , especially the ones about infps and enfjs ! i'm hoping to engage in deep ... '