' what is humanity ? are we really just apes trying to survive and breed disguised by glamor and materialism ? what are we , really ? i'm going to try and do the best i can to assess your functions . this may be a lot of questions ... sorry . - - - first , lets see if you're fe / ti axis or fi / te . focusing on feeling : ... well for me its a bunch of blurry , surreal , not-quite-there mental images and these sorts of feelings - not hunches , something a bit more elusive . it's frustrating and sometimes i wish i had something ... you don't rub me as an intj , but i can't tell exactly what you are . you'd need to go more in depth about cognitive functions for me to decipher you well . hello fellow ni-dom . enjoying your future predictions ? god damnit , why do i still like you ? i know you don't feel the same anymore , but the fact that you used to - it tears me apart . why can't you just fall in love with me again ... ? i agree , i dislike how isfjs are called nurturers , when not all of them are . however , the title nurturer should not be taken literally . it means a symbolic nurturer , as opposed to a literal ... anything about my personal contact information . : | yes . i am aware . she was the queen of mars previous to me , i stole it from her through a revolution . : wink : i contain all powers , so yes i am capable of starfire's powers . ^ ^ oh , i would love for you to be my robin / nightwing : kitteh : annoying voices , annoying noises , and ignorant people . these three things combine together to create the ultimate annoying triforce . ohh , yes . i'll get the chainsaw . : wink : oh sh - you just reminded me ... i have another lab report to work on ... many ! however , here's a few that i support : * the rich should not have more political power and influence over the less economically-endowed . * homosexual marriage should be legal in all states ... i apologize , i was simply pandering towards the common earth wavelength of thought . please reassess my values .. what if i told you that my family is jewish . not me or my immediate family , we're all atheists . but my cousins and grandparents ... hard core conservatives and jews ... argh , you wizard ! you have messed with my mind ! i guess , in that case , if leftism is status quo then i would go along with tradition . i'm willing conform to a thought if i agree with it , however ... interesting ... how do you achieve this ? : kitteh : interesting . from this i can infer that isxj's are the most common types . i wonder what this has to say about evolution ... maybe i should make a new thread strictly relating to the ... oh , your idea that n types are relatively new due to not being needing previously for seriously is something i've thought of a lot before ! i've been recently pondering why ni dom's and aux's are ... the enneagram definitely plays a part . fours and fives have this thing with individuality , it's like we have to know who we are and be unique , even if it's hard for us . ( being an fe-aux , i don't ... i'm as left and democratic as humanly possible . screw tradition . ah , i'm flattered but i don't roll that way , sadly . : frustrating : ah , well only alien royalty have the capability to naturally live that long . however , if you truly want to live for eons upon end , you must become one with the universe . engage in the ultimate ... ah , i completely agree . as we are so insignificant in the long run , it is more important that we make a greater impact on what lasts : our world . ah ... well it's been almost three trillion years since then . sorry , but i don't recall her name . : unsure : i rebelled against the past queen of mars using my magical telekinesis abilities . ahh , i was counting on you to ask a deep question ! i believe the subject varies depending the society you are living in . certain subjects are relevant to certain society's and worlds . however , ... ja grey martian army ... commenced . that depends on your frame of reference . moonious is not from the moon ! oh , and i'm sorry i've been gone all day and didn't check perc > . < bleepblopzigzagium . it's a natural metal only found on mars . ;) * hmm , my recent discovery of my actual , true personality type really was inspiring to me . * roses and lilacs . i love them both equally . * i believe they're adapted for that not to happen . natural ... your mom . no . they are adorable bundles of joy ! yes . will do . ;) yes and no . it depends on your definition of water . is it socially acceptable to where crocks in public yet ? please , i don't feel like trying tomorrow . hello , earthlings . it is i , the incredibly majestic and magical queen of mars ! i have decided to grace your humanoid presence and answer anything you wish ! ask me anything on the topic of anything ... what's more important to you : improving the world around you , or improving yourself ? oh , how awesome you are mr . cafebot . you manage thousands of us annoying per-c members with such diligence . i have the utmost respect and adoration for all of the hard work you do . you are awesome . ... i now realize that my uniqueness should not be a sign of inferiority but rather a sign that i may be able to change the world . i want spring vacation ... now . two days . i can make it . i can do it . ... no i can't ... knife , i'm really sorry for not having time to reply to you right now . i really like you , i've just been incredibly busy this past day and i don't want to half-ass a response . i'll make sure to ... it's perfectly fine , take your time . :) yeah , i agree . actually , this version of the thread was an accident ... i ended up rewriting the thread with more detail here : ... hello , so i've been reading up some studies about mbti types and how they usually are portrayed in society , and i noticed some things : in general , not only are esxx types the most common in ... hello , so i've been reading up some studies about mbti types and how they usually are portrayed in society , and i noticed you're welcome , and i'm glad i was able to enlighten you in some way . if you need any help discerning si vs . ni , i know ni ( and the cognitive functions in general ) very well and i should be able ... alittlebear sorry this is so late ! after reading through this i'm just going to confirm that you are , in fact , an exfj . i can't tell about whether you're a sensor or intuitive based off the ... '