i'm gay too , dating an isfj . i tend to prefer more athletic guys . i completely agree with what you said , especially the last sentence . i'd much rather be entertained / have fun than be fussed over . does any istp listen to madonna , or am i on my own there ? you just don't want any contact with other people , after a full day of being surrounded by people . i think some people find this hard to understand . my boyfriend prefers to talk about his stressful ... hi all . i just thought i'd get other people's opinion on this . yesterday i worked an all day 14 hour shift . i came home and couldn't wait to just shut off and watch tv until i went to bed ... i totally agree with you . when i come back from the gym i feel much better in myself and this translates into how i treat others . i can't stand running , i find it so boring . i prefer weightlifting and using other gym equipment . although when i do run , i find the mp3 player to be a lifesaver . it keeps me going ! yes i can see your point about the entp's with more developed fe . perhaps they're not so cutting / harsh with their comments on people . i have been working in my new job for a month . the first time i met my entp co-worker , i couldn't stand her . she appeared hurtful in her remarks , said it as it was , the sought of person who doesn't ... i tend to leave things to the last minute if i let myself . however i have learnt the benefits of doing work ahead of schedule . i find working under pressure does deliver better results though . im with kadjunga on this . if you think yourself boring , then you come across as boring to others . i find lots of things to keep doing when outside of work . i love reading and learning new things ... amen to that ! always strive to look at the bigger picture . most ' small ' things in life are not even worth thinking about . do what you enjoy , hang around with people you want to , take life as it comes and enjoy ... thanks for your passion about these two areas in particular . i work with mentally ill patients and am gay myself . it's refreshing to find someone who is accepting and passionate about such issues . valentines day has become too commercial . you can show your appreciation / love for someone anytime of the year , not when you're told to . i find it hard showing affection / love to my so on any given day ... i love reading the rants / raves on here , it makes me laugh so hard sometimes . i can relate them to the istjs in my life . yes i get that thought soemtimes when hugging , flip them in the air and spin them around ! i think that's what i do . i think you could call me ' egocentric ' but not in a ' selfish ' way too . i like talking to people , and getting their perspective on me as a person . it helps me to analyze ... yeah you're , right . it comes down to ageism . she doesn't like the fact i am superior to her . if i was a complete dick i could understand , but i never ask someone to do something i wouldn't or haven't ... thanks for your perspective , she doesn't sound like an entj , going from all the descriptions on here . it takes time to build a good friendship . i find common interests definitely help . the people i have really bonded with have taken the time to sit and talk to me . they also know when / when not to ... i get on well with most types , but i really like estps , i have quite a few estp friends . mostly the same as me . sometimes i don't have the energy to talk in a group , especially when the conversation topics ( to me ) seem boring . however , if i'm in a good mood , i will usually sit there ... we took one of those quiz things in a training day . perhaps she didn't fill ity out right ! you're right , that's where most of my ' soft side ' is directed ! yeah i think it is the fact im superior to her . she definitely likes to be in charge ! she also loves to work on her own and is not a team player . as you say though , i can't link that all to her ... i have worked with this female entj for about a year and a half . she has slowly started to get on my nerves . she is a lot older than me , yet i am in a superior position to her . this appears to be a ... i like banter with other people , sometimes it gets mistaken for flirtation . i only really hug close friends / family and only when i think they need it . but yeah , it gives me ( and hopefully them ) a good feeling when a hug does happen . i find that when i hook up with my estp friends we end up behaving mischievously too , it's like two kids ! it's great to be childish at times . redryder , i had a similar upbringing . i used to ask a lot of questions in church as a kid , and sometimes didn't get a satisfying answer . i know there are some religious istp's on here , but religion ... a penguin caught a fish in antarctica and then it was eaten by a polar bear . satisfied from his delicious meal , the bear went to sleep . and bingo was his name-o . he had been given this posh name by ... darner , i agree with you . my estp friends bring out the talkative side to me , we share mutual interests and can talk for hours about them . i would say that time management skills are essential to survive when your overwhelmed with work / responsibilities / exams . when i started my job i was disastrous at time management , i would ... i was reading this thread on the estp forum about estp's friends . a lot of the estp's cited istp's as their ... my best female friend is an estp , she adds to the excitement of everything , just awesome ! 1 . in a fantasy world where everything was exactly as you wanted it to be , what would your work environment and coworkers be like ? i'd love to have a job that involved jetsetting around the world ... there are probably some istp's around you in your life , ( ofcourse there are istp's in nyc ! ) i guess because we can be quite quiet and don't seek attention , we can go under the radar . i like to go ... when stressed , i can't stand people talking or doing unnecessary things . i find myself snapping at people when they behave this way . however , i usually remain calm and quiet ( on the exterior ! ) . yes , pulling a face like that would also help ! phones are great tools for communicating quickly with others . i prefer to text like a lot of other people have said , it's just more direct . nothing worse than an unnecessary long phone call that ... i'm currently sitting next to my black cat on the sofa loving life ! i find the best tactic is to avoid people / don't bother talking to them like kadjunga said really . if you have to work with them just be as monosyllabic as possible , they should eventually get the ... i love all the documentary channels , especially the history and animal one's . the crime channel is interesting too , i'm watching ' snapped ' at the moment . it's about women that put up with horrible ... re : weddings , i share the same feeling as him probably . not fussed with weddings . i've had better funerals actually . im just laughing at my dad's ( istj ) opinion of weddings . ' ' fucking weddings , i hate them , give me a funeral anyday ! ' ' . i totally agree with you . i am very disciplined when considering new purchases now . however , i used to always buy random books , films , games etc . that i would use once or twice then dump . i've learnt to talk to people more , especially feelers , even if it all seems like crap to me , they seem to respond well to it . i definitely smile more than i use to , people respond better to it ... ha , was kind of funny actually . ' ' yeah man , i need some doughnuts too . ' ' i just love the monotonous tone . which ' mood ' are you more likely to be in on a daily basis , istp or intp ? ah so it does work !