' hahaha . i love that song . what would be the point of him going into the wild if he already knew how to do everything ? he wanted to explore . he made his own maps . he didn't have every single piece of gear that would make his ... the amount of energy in this is ridiculous . this is the song that heralds the apocalypse . very well said . using the quote from fight club ? perfect ! a lot of times i just pretend i'm acting a part . like i was in a wedding one time and i hate being in front of crowds . i feel like everyone is staring at me . i pretended i was in a comedy movie where ...  i've read the book several times and think he was both courageous and selfish . love the movie , too . it's one of the few i own . love the soundtrack by eddie vedder as well . i think he did a really ... artist : puscifer album : sound blood into wine [ 2010 ] track : sour grapes ( legend of the mix ) thoughts : laugh out loud funny . i love anything maynard james keenan does xd ... 3260132602 3260532603 32604 1 . me > _ > 2 . me in paintball mode 3 . me in music mode 4 . me in ponder-the-universe mode 5 . me again < _ < you might like these :) i'm and infp 4w5 and i know i do ...  is it normal for an ex to contact you while she is in a relationship with a former friend of mine and tell you she's sorry for everything she did ? to tell you if it wasn't for our history she'd ... the one girl i dated was like four different people during the time i remained in contact . seriously , i've tried so many times to analyze what happened . who knows . i don't even know what the real ... i've been dealing with this for several years . for example , the other day i got a text from a co-worker asking if i could go in and work for them . my thoughts : fuck no . i didn't even reply ... i don't have the social network for said activities ... i've never been told i'm intimidating . possibly because it intimidated them to say so ? i think if i met myself in a store , or in a class , or out walking i wouldn't know how to act . this may be ... mom : isfj dad : istj ( possibly estj ? ) sister : estj ( dad and my sister have always gotten along . i clash with my dad . ) i create scenarios in my head about what could happen if i ... ... went back to school and got a degree in either photography , environmental science , journalism , english , film production ( or ... artist : cult of luna album : the beyond [ 2003 ] track : circle mood : melancholy , haunting , vengeful some things i do: make prolonged eye contact . offer to help with little things . sacrifice my time or convenience . conversation about serious topics / values . stand in your bubble for just a ... artist : mamiffer album : mare decendrii [ 2011 ] track : eating our bodies mood : mysterious , dark , beautiful i exaggerate . i like some of his ideas , but most i don't . yay politics and stuff . oh yeah , and he's a politician ... unfortunately , i haven't heard the whole album before . i'll be giving it a listen for sure now . i relate to everything you just said . it is scary being your own support system isn't it ? thank [ insert belief here ] that perc and all it's wonderful people are here to listen and help out ! i admire his firm stance and fearless commitment to his beliefs . he made a surprise visit to my college once back in ' 08 because he had a two hour layover . so i thought that was cool of him . ... i've encountered this before when interviewed for different things . i always get told , oh , we have a couple positions open ! we'll call you back within a week and let you know ! i know everything ... 3242532424 3242232423 32426 i take pictures when i go for walks at 3am ... artist : starfucker album : jupiter [ 2009 ] track : rawnald gregory erickson the second ( strategy remix ) feelings : makes me want to dance in slow-motion . actually , i'm waving around in my chair in ... i was suspended from college for totally failing two semesters worth of classes because i was too depressed to function . i simply stopped going to class and engaging anybody in conversation . it was a ... dude , i love agalloch . the mantle is one of my favorite albums ! ! ! perfect for this thing called winter i have to deal with ... nice . i like what i'm hearing so far ... on the 4th song by them what are some of your favorite post metal bands ? artist : cult of luna album : salvation [ 2004 ] track : into the beyond overall mood : brooding , angry , pensive thoughts : i've been to the darkest depths of my mind while listening to this song . i ... my favorite genre of music is one that is commonly known as post-metal it's a blend of metal with post-rock . basically longer songs with sparse lyrics , an atmospheric droning , heavy riffing , ... i can learn to appreciate all the darkness has to offer ... in an ideal world ... people would put aside their preconceived notions and take the time to understand the situation in it's entirety . i work in a supermarket . the deli to be precise . i slice meats , cheeses , serve fried and baked chicken , various sandwiches , subs , soups , etc . i loathe it . i see first hand the sell , sell , ... i like spring because it means i'm as far away from winter as possible . here are some good things about not being in a relationship from my point of view : i don't have to go to workout classes to make her feel better about herself while it does nothing for me . i ... i am an infp , and i hate ... being told to handle my emotions by : manning up sucking it up moving on getting over it ^ telling me those things without going into more detail does ... this . i play paintball a lot and get an adrenaline fix that way . it's all kinds of things : hunting people , being hunted , dodging incoming fire , directing teammates while pinned down so they can ... i know what you mean . it really depends on what sort of movie it is and what kind of music . certain movies i tend to keep away from people because , i don't know , it will lose its special meaning to ... shoveled , read , browsing that's definitely a good place to get homesick over . sounds amazing ! one of the reasons why i'm going is because of the spiritual high i feel when looking out across high valleys and the solitude ... quote = if i planned better , which may never happen , i would love to do the trip your doing ! what are you going to eat during the trip ? [ / quote ] you should totally go for it . i'll just be getting ... 14/20 . not bad for such small clips . well , i'm an atheist going on 9 years now . grew up lutheran . had enough of the strict guidelines and ridiculousness right at about the time i was supposed to be confirmed and brought into the adult ... this might sound pretty insignificant to most of you , but i'm into paintball and play quite often . it's hard to convey the event and the feelings associated with it but i'll try . i started ... pretty much all of my friends are intp or intj . get us together in a room and the conversation soon turns to plans of global reorganization and who will claim what section for themselves and what ... missed calls , slept i've always been into the outdoors and being in the woods and love the mountains . i decided last year that now is the time to do go on a * * * grande adventure * * * , so i saved up and got all my ... i can i can i can ! ! ! addiction is probably the best way to say it . i can go for a couple days being more happy than normal but it feels unnatural . i'm not entirely sad ... or angry either . a ... '