' dad - istp , pretty clear one at that in terms of stereotypes mom - istj , a more air-headed one that i mistyped as an esfj but ultimately realized that she's got obvious te brother - entp ? too ... your scores are : care 61.1 % fairness 47.2 % loyalty 33.3 % authority 47.2 % purity 55.6 % liberty 52.8 % your strongest moral foundation is care . your morality is closest to that of a ... estp chaotic evil i contest that , good testgiver , i have a set of morals , it's just hard for me to hold my tongue for them ! me : estp mom : istj dad : istp brother : entp i can't say i'm conceptually engrossed , no . okay so the explanation for my answer in number 9 is that i do notice when i'm physically degrading , it's just that i don't care because a : i'm on my own so image doesn't matter at all ( it would be ... before we begin , i'm definitely either an se-ti or a ti-se , i just can not tell which . whenever i tell myself i'm an estp because of my fe , i begin to wonder why i feel as if i use ti more at times ... well what do you think ? i went on reddit recently asking to be typed since the entj type didn't seem correct . a few people recommended estj and for the most part it seems correct , since i realized my ni seemed more aligned ... entj let us know how to solve the problem , tell us how this applies in real life , and * finally * tell us the reasoning behind our methods of solving . i've gotten into deism . i feel like at a young age , your personality is still evolving as i read that personality in general stays solid at 18 so i feel like it probably changed . there's also the circumstances of course . i ... gonna use the sticky 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful ... estp male crush : none really but if you twisted my arm and forced me to pick i'd say there's an isfj i find attractive because of two reasons . a : i enjoy their drier sense of humor that seems to ... estp male crush : none really but if you twisted my arm and forced me to pick i'd say there's an isfj i find attractive because of two reasons . a : i enjoy their drier sense of humor that seems to ... i start talking to people who don't look really not in the mood to converse ( if that makes sense ) when i'm bored . i become a real talker when i want someone to do something for me , such as in voting ... dad : istp mom : istj me : estp mine is either blinding jealousy or a craving for affirmation . seemingly type related on the second one , not so much on the first ? i looked at a tree i put some eyes on its bark the tree looked at me i'm an enfp with a high tendency of being an attention whore . i generally make friends by looking fun and cool at a distance ( which i totally am btw ) and then once someone tries to make conversation , ... surprisingly , as an enfp , i can relate to the artisans the best , being one of the more hedonistic and overtly rule-breaking of my type . first is the esfp : i can easily come off this way at ... i personally don't believe type stays constant since i've changed my type once before , but inadvertently through a series of epiphanies . it was from an intp to an enfp and it happened over the course ... my guesses q : intp ( fascination for science , how the world works and general geeky things . until recently , i thought of him as an istp , but he's certainly got a really strong ni , too strong to ... an enfp is an ice cream truck . enough said . class clown , yeah . along with my esfp best friend 1 . enfp 2 . other people 3 . because i feel like i can handle myself , but i can support anyone who can't i'm an istp until like 9am , which are essentially my times of trouble as long as they aren't an isxp , i'll probably love them immediately . no offense to you but i don't like how apathetic istps and isfps are . i had a crush on an isxp before and while they were really ... i've taken 2 different d & d tests the official one gave me neutral evil , which fit so poorly that i took another one the other one gave me chaotic neutral , so i'll go with that . it's what i ... enfp 42 1 . being outclassed in humor or interestingness by someone else to the point of my friends or people i want to impress ignore me 2 . the cold shoulder 3 . not feeling included what i do: i ... it was a trendy short name available on ifunny ... um i mean quatsch means nonsense in german and quads sounded like that 1 . ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ what do you think ? ( it means i like both options equally ) 2 . group of friends , i get lonely over the weekend 3 . people are all at least a little good , and i trust them until i don't ... enfp : i swear to god that compliment wasn't sarcastic ;) my best friend is an entp . i'm an enfp . we both tend to be the funniest people in the room differences entp : cruder / meaner humor more imagery more stoic humor faster to point out edgy ... i think i'm one of the slower members of my mbti externally since i've heard 9w8 enfps come off that way but i don't think i've ever met a really dumb enfp my dad is an intj and my mom is an esfj ( but acts like an estj around me ) ( i'm an enfp but become an istp around them ) . it can be frustrating at times as my dad will make a joking exaggeration or fib ... i like and trust people by default because i have no reason to mistrust them . 1 que sera sera ( whatever will be will be ) ~ doris day 2 slow down , you crazy child , you're so ambitious for a juvenile , but then if you're so smart , tell me : why are you still so afraid ? ... enfp here , i generally feel flattered , but i ignore it because i'm afraid of being wrong . i generally just become friends with them sure d00der enfp official essay plan over weekend 1 . wait until sunday night to start 2 . begin research 3 . get sidetracked for an hour 4 . open document 5 . despair over the lack of any text on it after 2 ... i'd lighten up the place by pulling pranks isfj , it's super easy to shock them with the lightest amount of shade towards them or other people . they're also super nice forgot to finish : usually : chill and observant , making a few pointy jokes once in a while functions : took a separate test for cognitive functions , mine are slightly different ( ne-fi-ni-te ) . i'm a ... best : quick-witted random joke machine with a soothing smirk worst : clingy , awkward mess or someone who takes a joke too far enfp male i have a strange attraction towards isfjs and infjs ( my attraction to isfjs can be attributed to a relatively strong s for an idealist ) some have said they're more aloof and less smiley . i usually find out by how they react to conversation ( how much they emote ) agreed , but i'd go with isfp , not sure how it would be n since it's about what people are doing at the time type websites on the internet either based on culture , stereotypes or how they appear online 4chan - intp ( slightly more i than e because of how little they want to share their sense of humor ... '