' it's interesting that you say you hate programming ? why ? i love it , love that you get to build stuff , , that you see the results immediately , that there are so many ways to do something ... in the office : there may be ways to get this job done faster , better - but let's just follow the rules , mmkay ? ... and while we're at it , let's document our progress ! we need to have a ... depends . small clubs where i know people = ok . big impersonal clubs = meh . it also depends on whether i can get in the mood . but my se is very well developed and i have learned to use it almost ... i think you're way ahead of the competition due to the simple fact that you have the guts to put yourself out there . trust me , women can smell guts , and there is nothing sexier ! yes but aren't you glad you tried ? thank you rd93 ! to clarify , he told me during an argument that he would never be able to feel as deeply as he did for cheating ex . that he was capable of love but never again that deeply and ... hello lovely and kind esfjs , an esfj i know was betrayed by his wife a couple of years ago . she eventually left him altogether and he was crushed . he has managed to rebuild his life but he ... good luck , acerbitas ! that is beautiful ! when you can change said fan , without having done anything of the sort before . happy about nothing . ( love your username :) ) change , even good change , makes me anxious initially . i don't know why i need the time . to calm down ? to get used to the idea ? to gather some ... i am finally beginning to understand feelings-based decision making . wow , what an alien way to go about the world ! the esfj and i have been discussing moving in together . i do want to , but i told ... i actually prefer advance notice ; i need some time so i can pump myself up for socializing . it's unlikely that i will come out if you call me while i'm having a nice , quiet evening at home . but ... character strength # 1 appreciation of beauty & excellence you notice and appreciate beauty , excellence , and / or skilled performance in all domains of life , from nature to art to mathematics to ... i make a terrible leader . if i have to lead people in accomplishing a task , i give them the tools , show them how it's done once and then expect that they can work it out from there . this works out ... estp , don't come to my desk telling me how to write this code ! 1 . the only reason i am on it is because you don't have the knowledge to do it yourself . 2 . since you don't know have the ... duh , of course :) thanks ! what do you mean you didn't realize it until you became pregnant ? what changed ? is your ni an asshole , too ? i'm in a relationship with an esfj and things are truly great . best relationship of my life , most loving man i've ever encountered . but whenever we spend time apart my ... i vote for electrician , too . it's crafty , you see tangible results every day , you get diverse challenges in diverse environments , plus it gives you an opportunity for independence later as ... nah . i'd ask lots of questions . but thanks for mark wahlberg . he's hot ! i'm so sorry , nubb :( on one hand , i have a high tolerance for pain in the sense that i think i am more composed than others when in pain and it takes more to make me flinch . on the other hand , i have a very low ... it seems to me like you're going straight for the friendzone again . why don't you make your move ? you can decide where this goes , now . if you expect her to decide - - she won't , this would mean ... i was an explorer as a child ( count me in with the easy navigation crowd ) . i loved to take things apart to see how they worked . i've always been very curious . i didn't do sports * but i loved to swim ... true dat . my point was , the plaque was independent of and before the fund . he got the plaque as thanks while he was homeless and broke . the medallion comment was really funny ! i do similar blunders all the time . i try to express my support and end up looking like an insensitive ass . take this news , for example : updated : homeless man turns in bag containing $ 42k | ... that's definitely more personal , genuine and thoughtful than some generic i hope you're okay . it shows you actually think of the person in that circumstance . i'm very social when i choose to be , even bubbly with the right crowd / circumstances / alcohol . but i wouldn't say i'm open . first , because i don't have the kind of self-absorbed focus that open ... ritual i've found these interesting : ... she sounds selfish and entitled . why do you even want be in her presence let alone engage with her ? do you not have better things to do with your time ? time is precious , spend it wisely . i was drinking and observing for the most part , laughing at the estp's antics . i danced a little with my esfj boyfriend . social events are so much more fun now that i know about personality types ! i had a small gathering with friends yesterday . the esfp was goofing off like a clown . the two esfjs were having a ... chatter can be interesting . especially over brunch . brunch is my favorite ! alcohol before noon , hello ! but seriously . the girlfriends with whom i actually want to talk have traveled the world , ... thanks for the links ! i'm pleased to see that bar owner is one of the favored careers . i was thinking of doing that when i get bored with computers ! it's funny though , you have all those ... why ? i can't resist telling the truth either , even when i know it'll make people get all butthurt . esfj bf was lecturing me yesterday on how my exercise choices are not optimal and what i should be ... unless you state it clearly , with these words i don't have a romantic interest in you and never will , he is probably hoping . please be kind and let him go , if you don't want him that way . my test results put me more or less in the middle between istp and estp ( ti-se and ni-fe are approximately equal ) but i relate to istp much more than estp . so i second reading the type descriptions ... i'm in it . i got started without a degree , first doing websites for fun and eventually got a job as a web developer . loved the process to get there , loved the job . years later , i went back to ... 1 . what is the best way to initially connect with you ? say hello , initiate ( i probably won't ) . doing something together is best , interesting conversation about topics with a practical application ... it's so interesting to read about your isfjs and how similar they are to my esfj . i have to say , personality typing has been a revelation for me . it's helped me so much to be kinder and more ... my bf of 4 months is an esfj . the credit for this relationship goes 100 % to him , it would have never happened were it not for his strong fe . i am passive , really content being on my own and i have a ... i just figured out two of my girl friends might be istps . i get along very well with them , they're super easy going and cool and there is no drama whatsoever . our communications are terse and sparse ... i do , too . and sometimes when i try to explain that i really meant it , my explanations get interpreted as further sarcasm . you know that ignoring someone is the most insufferable thing you can do to them , especially the type of person you describe . so you could make this into a challenge for yourself , a little game to ... yes , being trapped ( literally or figuratively ) is scariest . romantic relationships are a close second . because i have no idea how they work ! and uncertainty makes me very anxious . and someone ... mazda mx5 ( miata ) . the wind in my hair when i drive with the top down ! the amazing sound system ! and the speed , ahh ! ! i didn't even drive until i was 29 , i had no idea how much fun having a fun car ... posture : sitting up straight in your chair isn't just good for your posture – it also gives you more confidence in your own thoughts , ... i used to test as intp as a teenager when i wasn't much in touch with my body . i have been getting more and more in touch with the physical world in recent years , so much so that i think my se is ... '