' i obviously have no clue of the types of the women i've been attracted to in the past , but these are my best guesses in addition to types i'm attracted to in theory . blood mimicry , it's a good thing that there's a list of practical applications , i was beginning to think i got short changed . blood mimicry - superpower wiki i'm not saying you're wrong , i'm just saying that sounds very unappealing . from my imperfect understanding it seems as though istjs are very concerned with utility and making sure that the machine ... owfin - that sounds absolutely dreadful . every dictatorship thinks they're a benevolent dictatorship , nobody thinks they're the bad guys . well the point was to show that what constitutes friendship is relatively open ended , the definition from google is : a person whom one knows and with whom one has a bond of mutual affection , ... and i suppose you are one of these vaunted masterminds , and the lowly sensors can't understand your genius , thus relegating you to the role of office introvert ? i'd be far more inclined to type hades as an istj than intp , he's obviously far more inclined towards order given that he's always reluctant to allow the dead to leave his kingdom , he always needs ... the question is poorly phrased , i have an easier time being intj than any other type because i am intj . i think the question that should be asked is which type finds life the easiest ? because i ... then i beg your pardon for the mix-up . the op was talking about infjs not being complex , and i said that the archetypes aren't real people using another example . i don't really see how that's confusing . you certainly seemed to be ... most intjs are not masterminds , but fat nerds with mountain dew teeth . the archetypes =/ = real people , for the most part they're overly positive and leave the negative personality aspects til last ... not only that but even introverts get that world , so we have a rich inner world and outer world . what josue said . mental note to self , enfps apparently enjoy being called coquettish wenches . when i saw the title , i thought i'd drop in and behold the shit-storm that must have inevitably resulted . i prefer mastermind if just for the dramatic flair , it's definitely not accurate in most cases ( including mine ) , but it's got a nice ring to it . it's certainly better than scientist . i don't know if you were trying to be funny or cool , but that's actually a very poignant request , what constitutes a friend ? is it possible that the average intj has just as many friends from an ... i definitely have friends , how do i describe having friends ? a few people i have fun with every now and then . if you don't have friends ( even one ) i truly feel sorry for you , human interaction is ... nope , i've done it so many times my body just bounces right back . probably the result of four years in high school getting up at 5:30 , then staying up til 5:30 on the weekends . you guys basically run the world . or home on the internet , which honestly seems more likely than the library . i actually have a job in my campus library , it's nice , it's always quiet , i don't have to deal with people because my job is carting and organizing books . i don't know about mastermind , but i am pretty awesome . i have no compunctions about derailing threads , i do it quasi-regularly . yes , but it's all the same world . for the most part sjs are what make the world function , or continue to not function . i don't think i answered the op very well , so i'm going to try again . us society is designed to benefit the esxj ( preferably the estj ) . the idealized conception of people in the united states is ... obviously this is outside my experience , and i have no idea of the degree of creepy this guy has reached , but it occurs to me that i'd appreciate it if someone was open about it rather than trying to ... i've never understood the practice of referring to a man who ogles a woman as a pervert . since perversion is typically defined as deviation from what is considered right or normal , this sort of ... if we think of states operating on an international scale as people , and assign them personality types , then we can understand their place on the global scale . the one key difference is that place on ... i partially blame this on the united states ' view of itself , i believe it is now a common perception that we really are the best most powerful nation in the world , and as such don't need to change ... since diphenhydramine gave entp to the us , i'm giving istj to austria , it's about as conservative as they come , there are tons of social rules that it's all too easy to break , and they hate tourists . imperial china post-han dynasty ? edit : for infj , you should probably look for a european imperialist state who drank the white man's burden kool-aid and conquered some third-world for their own ... i saw this , i wonder where she took the test , or if she even did . edit : humanmetrics - _ - , i loved her description of n vs s , you could almost see the derision aaaand if you're not an n , you're an ... infj is also going to be difficult , because it seems what you would be looking for is a basically benevolent state that protects others . given that it tries to protect others , it should be a state of ... i think you'll have a very difficult time finding yourself an esfp culture , as a general rule states tend to be far less fun and peace loving than the archetypal esfp , and any state that's likely to ... entp ancient rome - domineering and enterprising , yet innovative and flexible . istj pre-cold war united states , mostly isolationist , in many cases rather conservative and ... i don't think the number of people who are a type has any bearing on how much the type itself is liked . i'm going with enfps , they're generally friendly , and they're liable to try and get people to ... well it occurs to me that intjs would make better detectives than run-of-the-mill boys in blue , detectives seem to get a little more leeway in investigating crimes , and are regularly working on ... the way i see it , you're going to have to leave the nest at some point , so you might as well do it now when you have such a great opportunity . i'm a lot like you , i have a tendency to be pretty ... you know it might just be me , but i get the impression there are a lot of reasonably well educated porn stars . why ? a lot of people saying it doesn't necessarily make it so , of course she's a fictional character so actually typing her is an exercise in futility . hell no , for hermione i'm going with infj . it seems like there are a lot of female istps on television , maybe this is because people like the bad girl archetype ? it seems like female thinkers on tv ... '