' what about associating people with colors ? not like an aura , but something like x is brown and green , etc . hello there , welcome to the forum . c : sooo intj . xd and tumblr is an excellent distraction , as well as a way to meet people without having to socialize . thanks everyone . ^ _ ^ aloha all , after lurking the interwebs and perc for over a year , it has occurred to me that i have yet to introduce myself . my name is alex . i'm a soon to be 20 - something attending university in ... as a young ( 20 years of age this july ) intj who is beginning to hone her skills and find patterns in life , i do appreciate this post as a guide to help me be successful in life without unnecessarily ... ^ ^ ^ that made me laugh . i have a tumblr , and i love it . i like finding new things to learn about and expand my knowledge . that , and i'm queer as a star-studded rainbow , and tumblr is a bit more lgbt-friendly than facebook ... yay ! we're not alone ... why the fuck would you want to piss off an intj ? do you have a death wish ? one of my roommates wants to see me angry . i told him if that day ever came that i became angry with him , he'd better ... 90 . i'm terrible ; i hate talking on the phone , even if it's to order pizza . i don't go out more than once every few months , and i avoid being the center of attention if at all possible . that would be an interesting hypothesis . i have insomnia , sleep paralysis ( more so as a child than now ) , former sleep walker , depression , fibromyalgia , and borderline asperger's ; i wonder if anything ... nine for me is actually a carmine red . i've never thought of it as three threes , since it has its own separate entity and personality that is drastically different from three . ^ _ ^ i always preferred them to be more of a kelly green ... the nexus • index page one of those communities . and the synesthete battery test that amberjorr posted is quite comprehensive , at least on what i tested ( mostly grapheme stuff ) . you do have ... november's a moody brat . xd does anyone give people ' colors ' based on their names / initials ( similar to an aura ) ? i'm the only one i know that seems to do this .. ohh , i see where you're coming from . what would that be , if you don't mind my asking ? i'm always curious to hear about other synesthetes , especially graphemes . that's how i learned to do so as well , actually ; i didn't realize people didn't do that until high school . i also had trouble with those posters that told one to name the color of the letter , ... you are certainly not bonkers , although my reaction was similar when i found out . ^ _ ^ i always thought of 9 as a seductress , i . e . jessica rabbit . definitely has a darker side , but is more subtle ... that does seem unusual ; i only know of two other synesthetes save myself , yet none of us have more than three of the forms listed on the wiki page . ( there are likely more forms than listed , but i ... i don't think so , since most synesthetes recall particular associations for years or a lifetime . i think that had more to do with the fact that you had been up for too long . > . < i didn't find another thread such as this in the rest of the forum , but if one has been started feel free to link back to it . synesthesia - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia 1 ) what type of ... looong fuse . i have only been truly angry twice in my twenty years of existence . it doesn't take much for me to be irritated ( hell , i'm normally in some form of irritation ) , and it doesn't take ... what about intj female + enfp female ? enfp squees are flipping adorable . alysaria and mountain climber : i'm glad i'm bringing knowledge to people . it's not a common orientation ; in fact , i don't really know any other panromantic demisexuals . which is why i usually just ... i'm demisexual , but in terms of romantic interest i'm open to anything . it just so happens at the moment that the person i'm attached to is , biologically , a female . and enfp . :p roud : and it's cool ... zeptometer : she meant about the gay / lesbian intjs . though , technically , i am panromantic . but lesbian suits well enough . i have myself an enfp . she is so friggin ' adorable that my cold heart can't resist . .. and yes , we like to cuddle as much as you enfps , provided we find the right person to do it with . thirded . annoyingly . like , if i'm going to have this reminder of my femininity , couldn't i at least have some warning ? i live in the middle of nowhere , and i couldn't imagine myself anywhere else . finding patterns in my surroundings is much more satisfying than dealing with people . * hilarious . and * grammatical . sorry , former spelling bee captive . anyway , the one other intj i know is essentially my twin , and we are both quite scholarly . however , i believe that is is ... * imagines someone dumping out the container of broth * : be free , golden liquid ! flow away into nature ! rejoin mother earth ! this is , of course , assuming the cat is completely silent . unless it was a zombie cat ... which in that case why would you want to leave the box closed ? use the cat to create an army of zombie ... that's an hour from my house ! a good number of my classmates go there . left brainright brain intj 54 % 46 % this may also have to do with the idea that many nt's are left-handed , and lefties are more likely to use both hemispheres of the brain equally or ... o_o my expression while starting the video - ___ - my expression after watching 10 seconds of the video ( what video ? ? ) my expression 5 minutes after watching that 10 seconds i'm glad you ... yet you looked around and even * gasp * posted ... what an original reaction . minnesota , usa during december and may-august ; hawaii , usa all other times of the year . although i'm thinking of staying in hawaii . the first one was after a tahitian dance performance ; the second , after a day at work . i attend university in honolulu , working toward my bs in forensic sciences . i chose said uni mainly because they have one of the best forensics programs in the u . s . and being in hawaii doesn't hurt . this piece is amazing . actually , anything by whitacre is absolutely spectacular . i do the same thing with music . have you ever heard of synesthesia ? synesthesia - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia and wow . the elegance of that chord--just wow . there's something about a ... i happen to greatly enjoy dance . it's something i can study on my own and is a way to express myself without having to explain myself . as a student of bellydance , hula , and tahitian dance , in ... ... that is quite possibly the clearest and truest explanation of the intj / enfp dynamic i have read thus far . well done . my best friend is an enfp , and she understands my weirdness almost completely . we once stayed up until 3 in the morning planning what to do if a burglar / murderer / rapist came into our dorm--it was an ... anyway ... back to subject . i thought for the longest time that i was not a ' snuggler ' . i didn't snuggle with my parents when i was younger , and my avoidance of all physical contact kept people at bay ... major : forensic science ( it's the perfect major for intjs ... dead people don't talk back ) . minor : chemistry and math i've been told i would make a good teacher , but i don't think i can put up with ... '