' apologies for jumping into the thread so late into the discussion - i've read a great many of the responses , and am truly thankful for them . i thought perhaps i'd share my experiences with this ... i remember when i was younger , around 13 + , i used to hang out with my seniors in school who were three years older and hardly with my classmates , who were very much inclined to volley paper planes ... hopefully it doesn't turn out too blur . =] as far as a career is concerned , my goal is to retire a college professor in english literature and a certified counsellor . =D meanwhile however , i'll be teaching at the ground level ( scholarship ... all my ' friends ' sleep beside my pillow - a dinosaur , a turtle and a lion . and before i sleep every night , i ' put them to bed ' by reclining the dinosaur's head on the turtle's back . while i'd ... it sounds almost incredulous , but so strangely real - about you crying over the death of your plant . i feel sad for soft toys i see thrown in the rubbish dumps sometimes , and they're not even mine ; i ... you're useless just because i don't do something right . or you're clever when i actually do something right . or why are you so scared ? when i'm genuinely afraid . those are likely the ... i wish it were that easy , really . my extraverted friends usually take my sudden disconnect as an idiosyncrasy of mine , once they realize that i'm in fact an introvert . it's a matter of fact for them ... hello peeps ! life for me has taken a more solipsistic turn of late , and while i continue to remain socially active in the college scene , i find myself wanting more and more time to myself - to do ... dad : istp mom : isfj bro 1 : istj bro 2 : infp i'm surrounded mostly by enfps , infps and intjs . my relationships with those types typically transcend small-talk . i have an infj friend but i feel ... i tend to transubstantiate my grief into anger , then anger into vengeance , which then becomes an elemental force of change or action . perhaps it's almost like paying it forward , but in a different ... awww , i love clubbing , but only because it allows me to go crazy in a place whose function is to house crazy people for a night's worth of partying . =P dancing is a cathartic release for me , and ... i'm reading a double major in english literature and philosophy in college right now , and while the latter can be a tad complex at times , i'd say they complement each other seamlessly because of how ... you cannot imagine how much of a comfort it can be to know that somewhere out there , there's an infj guy who's troubled by the same concerns ; so thanks for sharing . =] when i was a lot younger , i ... haha ! i really hope it never comes to that , but i understand that it's a dog-eat-dog world out ( or in , rather ) there , and this idealist of a brain needs to see that before the beasts tear and rend at ... i've only ever been in one relationship so far , and even though it lasted all of three months ( the limerence was drawn out over a year prior ) , i've virtually spent almost two years trying to rebuild ... so , i'm currently taking a module in critical reading in college which allocates 15 % to class participation , and yesterday was our first three-hour seminar of the semester . it wasn't a memorable ... haha , pardon this really random analogy , but i sometimes thing i'm like some sort of tropical fruit frozen in a solid cube of ice . i think people can see that i'm a fuzzy , fun-to-be-with person ... yeap , sunsets have a special significance to me too , but for all the wrong reasons . i used to love gazing into the lilac-vermilion twilight at the beach , but right now it's merely a reminder of the ... you sound like a romantic hero . my source of inspiration is / was video games and movies . =D sometimes the music , the event and your state of mind converge into a charged mass of elemental energy that ... yeap , definitely misconstrued . =] i enjoy logic in its purest form , it's just that when the rigor is conjugated with language and expression ( i . e . philosophy ) , the aesthetics of expression tend to ... hello peeps ! i'm a first year undergraduate majoring in english literature and ( initially ) planning to read a second major in philosophy . however , having dabbled in some modules of philosophy for ... hmm , this emotional-somatic phenomenon has been bothering me for quite some time already , so considering that i've recently grown aware of it , perhaps it'll be good to procure some hypotheses ... i've realised that i tend to emanate warmth in short bursts around people i'm merely or recently acquainted with , such that i either come across as ambivalent or rehearsed ( even if the feelings ... hello peeps . i'm not sure if it's in the stickies anywhere above , but i thought i'd just throw this question out : i've seen signatures on this forum with a descending sequence of functions that ... ... he'll rub your back ( natural instinct for me ) . =] and if he really likes you , he'll linger in your warmth for something like an eternity . i know i wouldn't ... first off , you know how it is when you start off with certain impressions of people - they tend to stick . people also tend to draw up in their minds certain expectations of how ... yeah , it gets really soul-draining when your conversations are always themed or centred on philosophy and other profound matters . i've realised that this happens very often when we becomes really ... i know deep inside , i secretly wish i were an e / intp . entps are really smooth with their interpersonal relations while keeping inside them a certain hidden humanity that leaves people feeling curious ... yeah , i do quite a bit . it's like there's this internal moral regulator ( the superego ) of some sort always in surveillance mode , such that if i step out of line , it reprimands me and gets me back in ... i know for a fact that we do tend to compensate for our ' fits of passion ' during discourse by ( forcefully or otherwise ) integrating empirical evidence of some sort to give ourselves that credit ... it's amusing that you pointed it out , because i was afraid my own reply earlier on sounded a tad too self-absorbed . i think it's because of how strongly we feel about certain issues , and it might ... in a way , i'd think you've been quite fortunate to discover this for yourself as a little kid . i mean , for the greater part of my life thus far - right up till the end of high school - i was ... while i wish that i could do just that without resistance , i understand that at least for myself , assuming different guises is something that runs against the grain of my self-identity ( sadly ) ... as an infj , it is hard to imagine that my fi is inferior to say , se . but i suppose it varies from person to person . i've browsed through a little of socionics before and saw a mass of symbols . as ... oh yes . darn , that's right ! for some reason i'm always listing fe as my dominant when it's in fact ni . so , if we take into consideration the four main functions , it'll run as such : ni > fe > ti > ... hello peeps . i'm a little stumped regarding the relative positioning of the mbti functions from dominant through to inferior . well , maybe not stumped , but perhaps unsure and seeking ... the world is ... in your imagination ! for what better life to lead , than one that is a paradise inside . i understand that i have the tendency to compartmentalise my circle of friends , such that when i move on physically ( whether i attend a new school , a new class etc . ) , i also move on socially , ... i like how you used the imagery of a flipped switch , and i'd say it very rightly describes our temperament when we feel that our values are being threatened . essentially , it's an all or nothing ... that's a beautiful poem that embodies the suffering that reverberates so unabatedly even after its nexus has passed away . yeap , and i can relate to the intermingling of sorrow in both blood and ... dad is an istp / intp . mum is an isfj . younger brother is an istj . youngest brother is an enfp . my mum is extremely self-righteous , and seems to enjoy using the psychological process of ... this resonates with me , and possibly with the very same intensity in which the above was written ( and felt ) . love that is not bound by duty or disposition ( as in filial piety et al . ) but accorded to ... hello peeps ! i've returned to revel in your midst , although i scarce believe anyone remembers me , since it's been quite a while since i posted something . to cut to the chase , let's just say i'm ... i read this , and my eyes instantly flicked to that dog on your avatar ... omg i'm sorry . : laughing : edit : oh gosh , the picture of that deranged dog with pink eyes is just ... disturbing ! o_o that's very true . i think most people are afraid of actually leaving everything behind , mostly unfinished business . that is the primary source of regret and hence the reluctance to let go even in the ...  * * * i just have to ... i know how that feeling goes ... you feel so helpless as you feel the same grief and fear your friend harbours in his / her heart , but it seems like there is so little you can do to make it easier for ... an extract from : well , i've been going through a bit of a rough patch lately , or you could say that i've been stuck in a rut for about a month now , ... i wish i could proclaim with conviction that i'm absolutely content with my present state of mind , or status quo with respect to being an infj , but the truth is , i realise that there's always ... '