' i will say that being an enfj male only works ( in my experience ) when you have used your ni to become very masculine . overtly masculine , male enfjs are irresistible . a lot of good has been said here . i'd just like to add that we take a great deal of pleasure in making other people happy . we don't get happy because somebody made us happy . we get happy because ... could also be because we are constantly trashed by other types and have no need or time to put up with total and utter bullshit :) to be honest , i am getting bored at this site already . guess it's an esfj thing not to pay it much mind ! private . very private . people seem to appreciate the fact that we are not self-absorbed , are generally quite clever , follow all the proper protocols , and are generally warm and fun to be around . slightly different from the typical esfj functions . i was abused as a kid and as i went through recovery , i changed types . i grew up an infj , then was briefly ( in succession ) an enfj , estj , intj , ... i've already deleted her number . it's really a blessing , because i know now more than ever what i don't want in a woman . well , everybody makes their choice and you've made yours . i'm sorry for your loss . female ceo ? rotflmao i'm roman catholic ( best institution ever ) and i say you are wrong . this has turned into a politics thread . let's end the discussion . summary of the thread : estj goes out with enfp , enfp wants to meet again , estj not sure . compatibility in question . good ... because it's in their nature . women are built to be submissive and men are built to be dominant . estrogen and testosterone . oh , and the bible and thousands of years of history too . all the hostility ! and you talk about me having an ego ! very holier-than-thou . if you believe something , you should believe it with your whole heart . if there is any doubt in your mind about ... the date went well and we got along . she was not very hot to me ( not unattractive though ) . she suggested meeting up again to hang out but i'm not sure i want to because i can already tell that ... i'm still playing , lady . date's today ; we'll see how it goes ! thanks for the input , all . although to hear some of you , it sounds like i've already killed this before it started . she did agree ... dude , give it a rest . there's not a passive-aggressive bone in my body . to the other poster , yeah , i am bored . killing time before my date tomorrow :) my liberal comment was very tongue-in-cheek , hence the emoticon . i have showed the utmost respect to everyone here-it's others who have launched into personal attacks on me . as for the ... stating my own views honestly and directly , being myself is trolling ? lol . this is why i don't like the internet . i get along much better with people out in the real world . lighten up for ... actually , she's right . ladies shouldn't swear ;) your mention of a fedora brings to mind this great song . ever heard it ? good ! wow just wows don't work with me either ... it just makes you sound like a liberal ;) because why not . let's see how it goes . what if we love each other ? can't know if you don't try and i don't ... no problems there , because i am a leader and that's not an act-it's how i am . my whole point is that it's not the girl's job to let the man doing things . by being with a man / going out with ... well lots of love to you too , sweetheart . lol . sexist is a bs word used to demonize anyone who would dare differentiate between the sexes . it doesn't work with me . and i'm sorry you feel that i'm ... what happens when an estj lies / encounters a lie ? i don't like it ; that's what ! i especially like isfps . sweet , feminine , obedient , submissive , loves me unconditionally , hot , reliable , happy , good cook , wants to be a housewife and mother , willing to drop her career and let me do everything . i appreciate your post . here's the deal though - if the girl is allowing you to lead , then who is really in control ? it's the girl ! i think that the man should be in control . try and see it from ... hehe ... just so you all know , one of my very best male friends is an enfp , and i love him to death . so whimsical and friendly and full of energy . historically i've had a harder time relating to the ... i'm not throwing punches at everyone with her 4 letters . heck , i'm not even throwing punches at her - just her behavior , which is to me quite unladylike and not becoming at all . hopefully she is hot ... ok , thanks for your help guys . i will handle the date properly and see what her behavior is like in-person and whether i want a second date or not . case closed . here we go again . no , i'm not trolling . and for the record , the 21st century sucks . 20th century ftw . because she is the one who told my friend she was interested in me , she is the one waiting around for me to call , and i am paying for both of us . the least she could do is be grateful and not call ... her vocal tone sounded distressed . all i ask for from my dates is a willingness to act like a woman and not have an attitude . so far she is failing that test , but we'll see if she drops her ... wait , wait , hold on . i never said anything about stepping on her or booting her or smothering her . it's just that as a man i expect to make the plans , lead the conversation , and so on , and i don't ... i suppose that's one way of looking at it . my perspective was that since we didn't know each other , she might feel more comfortable if we got to know each other on the phone first before meeting ... hi all , i have just gotten off the phone with an enfp with plans for a blind lunch date ( a friend set us up ) , but during the conversation , right before she proposed lunch ( in contrast to my original ... have you ever considered he might be an intp ? they often have very strong views on things and can become flippant or dismissive when things don't interest them . oh , i don't know ! speaking as a guy , any time i see a nice girl like that so happy , i feel warm and fuzzy inside . look at how happy she is . * sigh * i am not estj in nature or a female , but i must say that i dress like an estj , deliberately wearing white shirts , ties , black shoes , and etc . the reasons are highly similar to the ones listed in ... characteristics i've seen : - male - very well-dressed - mature and professional even at a young age - on the ball . quickly takes control . has a plan . - goes to great lengths to always appear ... you guys have got to listen to this . epitome of 60s easy-listening . perfect ! true , but had you used the technique of imagining the worst , this wouldn't have seemed so bad . for example , the worst could have been her sending you a bunch of insulting messages , then blocking the ... hmmm ... i am shallow in the sense that i will not date women that i don't find attractive , and i do like beauty . but let me amend my earlier post and say that there's got to be good character ... face-to-face . and before you do it , imagine the worst . imagine her laughing at you , doubling over laughing , and then giving you a stern look and saying , why would i go out with you ? then ... there's a forum called city data that i'm sure would be a great resource for you on this topic . lots of material there and lots of state to state comparisons . infj . '