' the drunk guy who thought it would be a good idea to call me chupita and tell me he wants to pick me up and take me to back to his home has no idea how close he came to death today . enfj younger sister - we're the closest in age and we get along pretty well although we do tend to butt heads a lot and we're both really stubborn . it led to a lot of sibling rivalry when we were ... why are people so boring ? drewbie 9w8 , 6w5 , 3w2 sx / so / sp instinctual variants has always been hard for me to figure out but i think i finally have a good enough understand of myself and how they work to not just be taking ... i'm not quite sure what to do with my situation right now , i'm unhappy in texas and have the opportunity to go back to california and go back to school and probably start transition with the support ... i listen to audiobooks when i'm traveling or doing things that keep me busy but don't require a lot of concentration ( cleaning , cooking , crocheting , etc . ) because it's a good way to get things done ... i read a lot , but i need a lot of breaks . i find i prefer ebooks to paper because it's easier to come back to it while i multitask than it is to pick up a physical book again after putting it down . i ... dear house cat , don't look at my feet with that crazed look in your eye . i will bite back . - istp i know what hell is and it is venlafaxine withdrawal . i was like , heck yeah , i'm getting my life together . i'm finally escaping my terribly unhealthy relationship , i'm moving in with my best friend , i'm gonna get a new job and i'm gonna relearn how to ... it's a nickname / diminutive form of a name i don't go by anymore . i've been listening to it almost all day and it's playing on repeat in my head when i'm not listening to it . this song gives me life .  i have a natural affinity for sports ( well , some sports , i'm 1.37 m tall so basketball is not my game ) but my health really deteriorated over the last few years . i'm getting my health back now but i ... i am unemployed and oh so bored . someone needs to hire me already . the only thing for me to do in this apartment is clean and read which i should most definitely do but fuck . i don't want to . can't decide whether i want read , paint my nails or nap ... or fill out job apps but that's more of a should and less of a want . there is a group of cops directly below my apartment . idk what they're there for but they need to gtfo . get the fuck out of california . i was in a similar situation a few years ago and that ended up being my only option . i ended up in indiana and got a job in 3 weeks . a one way bus ticket from ... if it's regular every day stress i usually say ' fuck everything and everyone ' and complain a lot about things i'd usually keep to myself or just lay down or sleep until i feel better . if it's really ... i don't know how my ex can talk to her parents civilly . she's disabled and , besides me , they're her primary source of support and they fucking left the country for a month and didn't even tell her ... i'm going to be living very close to and spending most of my time on or around a women's university campus so ... hoping i'll be able to avoid at least some of that . if not , well i'm basically a ... i am moving to texas in a month . holy crap i've got a lot to do before then . i have so much junk to get rid of ... but woo moving . my [ ex ] girlfriend and i are officially no longer together ( took us ... i am selfish , scheming trash . actively and with brutal self awareness . and i have no intention of stopping until i get what i need even though it's going to devastate someone i care about . i am too drunk to remember the answers to my security questions to reset my password on healthcare.gov to pay my first month's premium by the deadline ... ooops . : unsure : ... dear isxp friend , it is your 30th birthday today , but it is also the 10th anniversary of mean girls . wear something pink . sincerely , me i am pretty fucking weird . most of my weird stuff happens in public , though , there's not really any hiding it . why do i always end up in relationships and living situations in which i need emergency exit strategies ? i do a lot of reading , though usually not novels . i read a lot articles , essays , journals , forums and other various forms of non-fiction . when i do read fiction it's usually either short fiction , ya ...    [ very ] reserved [ reluctant ] leader novelty . new experiences . not necessarily exciting experiences , i prefer to be calm and content to excited , but i feel healthiest and happiest when i'm travelling or in a new place , meeting new ... aww , shucks . thanks . :p roud : i've been lurking , life has been taking up most of my energy though . hopefully that will change soon ~ ah , anxiety , you found your way back . i haven't missed you . what kind of love ? romantic love ? that is was true love usually refers to . what about familial love ? love between friends ? other kinds of love ? the pursuit of romantic true love seems shallow ... that is not always the case . that might be a tolerable position for some lgbt children but i would have been a lot better off had my parents just disowned me . my parents had the same attitude when i ... i took a few classes at a few different colleges over a period of a few years but i didn't even get my gen eds done before dropping out . i haven't completely ruled out going back to college but i ... hell yeah . mine is a very queer household . '