' half of it is going straight to charity , another quarter going straight to scientific research , an eighth to the parkour community , a sixteenth to towards spreading information about health and ... find a path or suffer more . yep . i kind of anchor on fi and ne makes having ni really fun . infp for me as they tire me out less and our views tend to align more . the two estps i have gotten the chance to know seem to experience much more than other people who have been on the planet for the same amount of time and are quite the renaissance ( wo ) men . is this ... i don't really have a best friend istp ( passion-amateur group co-founder ) , intj ( intellectual and various small hobbies talk ) , estp ( bro-in-law , talk about everything kind of like my intj friend ) , ... everyone looses their gift if they don't even consider a different perspective . kansas - istj that or if they are normally comfortable with me , such as a friend or close acquaintance , they feel the need to start talking . it's almost a trap , i've noticed for most people feel the need to expose ... to me , your answers screamed introverted feeling . answers 2-5 , 10 , 11 , 14 , 16 , and 17 your last statement were particularly fi-like . i'm guessing you are an intuitive and possibly and introvert ... could you explain your reasoning for these ? i saw mako as an f , lin as an es , and have kya as an f . never had an idea for amon's type . this applies to many of these threads . with an infp for over 2 years now . after watching tonight's episode i'm sure that unalaq is an enxj . i'm not sure if it's fe or te at this point but the way he goes about doing and planning things seem like a je-dom . i'm putting him ... parkour is my passion ( but i consider it closer to a martial art than a sport ) . i also enjoy some running and climbing . i have many characters but i gravitate towards sneaky archer , breton , and conjuration . i love doing role plays and think it's one of , if not the best way to play the game . esfp seems right for ikki . we may need jinora to have more interactions for us to tell . any guesses about pema , tenzin's wife ? she said herself that she used to be very shy so i'd put i just from ... if you don't mind , please tell me more by what you meant by this bolded part or what happened . i think it's fit to revive this thread seeing as the second season of korra has started and the second episode of the season is coming up tomorrow . i'd just say beware of spoilers in new posts if you ... i was thinking more along these lines : 83385 yes , a few times in friendships and other things but it was usually spurred on by the idea of not having a second chance . i've been trying to make the first move more in life as i've realized it just ... sorry if my wording was / is confusing or vague . let me try to explain it better . as for the first statement : i see the world for all it's interconnections . if you wish , visualized everything having ... ~ i don't experience it as simply perceiving or creating , for me as i perceive interconnected relationships are formed and realized . ~ i don't think that i rationalize with my dominate function but ... i think it's amusing that , in the leading position i share with an istp friend of mine , we both start to embrace our shadows . i think that's been my growing point lately , embracing my shadow . we're ... i would suggest introspection and relying on your sense of self over tests and i highly suggest looking into the cognitive functions . istj is the complete opposite of infj . i definitely agree with others on the us - it's pretty good for an infj if you find your niche . i say the midwest is generally sj with women expected to be f and men to be t . it's nice but annoying ... please explain i think my own eye movements have almost been changed because of where i was usually placed when talking to someone in normal conversations . see , when i was young i ended up getting permanent spot in ... judgmental , critical , somewhat narcissistic , stubborn , possessive , fe-ishly manipulative , and i have ego issues . take that with a grain of salt . yes , very much so . i love spanish so far . i have a huge folder of these types of images . aquarian it was just my guess , it doesn't need that much merit . personally , i think se is the hardest function to describe because it is so in the moment . sorry , double post because of connectivity weirdness . i don't know if this has been posted before or if a thread about curses would be the best place but it'll do just fine . the important part is post #79 , the giant wall of text . i think most of it was ... if anything , imo , ni would be how objects are interconnected . if i were to follow closely to your model : introverted intuition : understanding how objects are connected extraverted intuition : ... sometimes you just don't see them : ninja : seriously , i thought i was alone in a small town but i was surprised after training for a couple months . you can easily learn and train by yourself , you ... 82063 stuff by andy day , not only do i like it because it is the stuff of my passion but that new perspective of our surroundings that it brings . this is a great example of that . all those people ... sorry for the quality , my relative only gave me a physical copy , it's a picture of a picture . this is my infp girlfriend of two years and me . if i am with my so i almost need physical contact in some way . i pretty much have a guru dream that involves my sp wannabe passion . around people i am close to i totally put on the gypsy king face , people are just so interesting . hahaha can't stop laughing at ... i agree this this post very much , i just can't shake that vibe . to me it feels like you are an intp who strongly identifies with infjs . i think if you want a sound answer form yourself and others we ... i do pretty well in emergencies , i do very well compared to normal conditions in my opinion . i feel like i become the ideal version of myself , for the most part . it's hard to describe but it's like ... i have a very close intj friend . the te fe difference is acknowledged very well and i'd say that both of our tertiary functions are well developed which helps a ton . he does not show it often but he ... being alone and / or doing something physical that i can naturally and reactively do without thinking or little thought . pretty much this if i wear shoes or socks to bed and my feet are not on my bed i will wake up as if i was falling . 2/3 of the time this happens . any other dreams that i remember ( i don't remember most of my dreams ... this one still gets me . what i meant to say was pass the salt but what i really said was you b * * * , you ruined my life i'm sorry , but i find them so funny because i use them for good reason . they make people uncomfortable at first but then , slowly , make people more comfortable with the idea that people are different ... xsfj mother , istj father , and an xnfj sister . yep . i love dark jokes , especially racists / stereotypical jokes . '