' teasing worked to get my attention . but what'll work better than flirting is , after achieving a friendship , entrusting her with things about yourself you wouldn't talk about as regularly . start with ... i would like a key that unlocked a door carved into a tree that lead to a shoot underground that would drop me into the sea . and there i would eat cookies with a walaby on an island where we'd be . ... i distinctly remember being very infj as a young child - - as young as 3 . introverted , intuitive ( loved reading - yes , i could read when i was 3 - and was always daydreaming ) , feeling , and judging ... mm , now , i can't speak for every woman ( or infj woman , for that matter ) , but i'd rather the guy just leave me alone , macho or otherwise . perhaps it's the introversion . of course , if i were to ... hi ! i'm sharktooth , an infj , and i came to the intj forum because making a group exclusive to its members seems silly , staying in your own type's forum can get a little boring after a while , and i ... what makes you awesome ? not just a self-esteem / ego boosting thread , but also to find what intps take pride in . this should be renamed what should one know if they wish to stalk intps ? probably would get even better results . hold them in , let squeaks out when appropriate ( and when inappropriate not to - - e . g . someone dies , show some remorse ; how if someone tells a joke , and it was funny , and you didn't let yourself even ... you sound like a growing infj :) i think i've identified with each of those at least in one point in my life before . and don't worry , you sound pretty j to me . do feel like you're good about making ... i love you . 1 . it's a time machine . when i daydream / get lost in my infj brain , oftentimes i find myself reflecting on things someone said or a laugh we shared or whatever . and sometimes i'll change the situation ... intps ? what are your thoughts on this : i love you . ( coming honestly from myself in full affection for the intp mind ) only once , and i never understood it , because it was 6th - 7th grade and i had never previously spoken to him and only had pe with him . asked me out to every dance for two years ( but the last 7th grade ... my father , older brother , and younger brother are all istjs :) you'll have to remember that your infj romatic idealism most likely is taking over - - expecting / searching / working towards / longing for ... ideally , i'd rather not anybody know i need comforting . i still don't know what i'd want someone to say . just give me a long , warm hug and don't bring it up in the future ? <3 samurai blur please marry me ! but seriously , i would love to find an intp who knows argentine tango . ( this is my infj idealism getting way out of hand :P ) xd i saw this and immediately laughed - - what a beautiful , silly ideal . it's not possible to ' make sense ' of an intp , they're too amazing for that . but seriously , intps are very honest and ... some compliments are sweet , some overwhelming , some concerning and / or alarming . any particular ones that have stuck with you ? you're face is a cross between emma watson and angelina jolie you ... you're so cute ! come be a social human being ! i can't understand a word you're saying * insert dirty joke aimed solely to unnerve me , just because they knew it would > . > those irltrolls * ... 1 . what is your view about love ? it's the best tornado to get caught in : b 2 . what happens when you're attracted to someone ? i try to convince myself out of it , though i've almost always failed . ... when listening to someone , i'll look them in the eye or at their face or straight past them or will look up and off to the side and nod to convey to them that i am listening . when speaking , i will ... name : katlyn age : 16 how were you treated as a young child ? were you supported by family or did you receive threats / critical remarks ? do you feel you received enough healthy affection ( both ... tell me where i can get some : tongue : when i was six , i wanted to be a writer . when i was ten , i wanted to be a scientist working for the epa . that was my goal all the way up until i turned fifteen , and discovered writing again . now i've ... when do you feel vulnerable ? physically , emotionally , etc . ? what makes you be vulnerable ? i find myself always working towards conquering being vulnerable . it's like it's a goal - - how i dress , how i ... i have ! ohmygoodness , so delicious <3 mhmm , this is pretty accurate for me :) i'd add for myself 1 . sports practices ( cross country , gymnastics meets , etc . ) 2 . hiking , wandering around forests ( huge tree hugger here ;P ) , 3 . downtown ... my little sister loves mozzarella sticks ! this is spot-on ! and i like what you said about the se - i will hear on some infj descriptions that the infj doesn't like physical activity , etc . , and i'm like , lol wut ? sure , spending 90 % of the ... yum , gum ! hmm , what's your favorite ( non-smokey ) smell ? my favorite is when it just first starts to rain , which makes getting caught in it all the more fun ! :D what about everybody else ? i hear a ... blueberries are amazing i like taking a hot dog bun and putting mustard in it and eating it dog-less . what's your favorite snack ? ( doesn't have to be as weird as mine , don't worry : laughing :) this is different xd yes , testing the water with light flirting = okay . hypothetical questions are too easy to see through . if you can use the light flirting but still sort of hold a ... dontdontdontdontdontdontdont no this is what creeps me out the most do not do this ! you know the male models in the nordstrom magazines in business suits with their hair slicked back ? it's incredibly attractive because it says , i'm mature and take care of myself . and that's ... what is your gender ( all three are allowed ): female 1 . at what age did you discover you were an infj ? 15 2 . what was your first reaction at this insight ? i'm judging ? * instant worry that i ... i know a male infj irl ! and congratulations for being an incredibly rare kind of person :D o . o no , not healthy in the least . doesn't even sound infj , but if someone's out of whack , they're out of whack . yeah , both things actually happened . the poem was one my intp buddy had written ( idk why ) and decided to show me in class . i had to put it down after the third line ( because that was when i had ... > . < ; ; ; when i was younger ( like 10 ) and started being entrusted with secrets from parents , peers , etc . there would be times i could , and times where it'd slip . as i've gotten older ( lol 16 counts as older , ... when people won't hear me out . that's the biggest one . or if someone's making me feel insecure or deliberately invading my boundaries - it absolutely grosses me out . like a guy talking to me ... i'm so sorry , i didn't know this would cause a problem ! i wouldn't have started it if i did . you're right , i could've just looked it up , though the search bar doesn't always pull up what i want ... core values , yes . some minor ones , lol nope , purely emotional . drinking beverages . not even like spilling or something like that , i can manage the transfer from the cup to my lips just fine most of the time ( will still accidentally snort something up my nose ... i was watching the 1925 the gold rush , and i was having ( still am having ) issues typing his character , and chaplin himself . what do you think ? chaplin's gold rush character : chaplin himself : ... i'll live in my own little world pretty much 24/7 , so when i do something wrong , like embarrass myself , in my head in that little world i hope they'll think something else happened , and it'll act out ... i am now adopting you as my second mother . <3 writing is my greatest strength at the moment , and my work is something i'm very proud of :D finished a novel when i was 15 , currently working on another , and am extra proud of my first college paper ... i hope you know that i love you and you now have my respect . runnin ' like a cheetah : ninja : '