' umm i found this song a while ago ... i think some of you should be able to relate to this :p roud : reluctant hero - by cheri magill it's about time you stopped knocking at my door , with the ... i dont think i'm really attractive ... but people still don't see the depth beneath the surface ... so sometimes i do wish i was more attractive , so people could then perhaps be bothered more to try ... your appretiation is greatly appreciated ! ! :p roud : thanks do you cry ? yes ... i think it feels good to sometimes , though i can never cry when there is anyone around . if so , how often ? a couple times a week normally ... if i'm deppressed then a ... this talk me hours ... hope you like it :p roud : broken man tall and proud , he stands , facing his world of shifting sands . head raised up towards the skies , eyes turned inward himself he ... hmmm , i talked to jess about it and she feels as upset about it as i am : sad : i suppose i will have to confront her mum about it at some point ... though i am unsure about what i could say ... she ... i know i probably shouldn't post all my rubbish here that hasn't really got much at all to do with infjs or anything , but right now i feel like just fading out of existence and don't have a clue what ... peice o = st / nt peice t = nf peice l = infj ? peice j = infp ? peice i = estp peice s = nf peice z = ... erm , entp ? hmmm for the infj you mentioned something about having ni and ti , but what if an infj has ni and fi ? ! ? ! or even can swich between ni + fe and ne + fi ? ? ? what is that all about ? ? if a person is infx , ... ... hmmm recently i have been blocking out things quite a lot ... i guess it's because i can barely deal with my own things right now , and if i allow myself to get drawn in too much with the things i ... very interesting post , i found it quite inspiring : wink : i think enfjs are awesome ! the one i know is anyway ... awww , you should really share it with that person ( if you havn't already anyway ) . i particularly liked the bit that i changed to red ... hmmm , i'm only young , but i was thinking of becoming some kind of politician , and standing for prime minister =P ... after i become an international journalist and see the world and stuff anyway . ... hmmm . it seems to me that perhaps she wanted to love , maybe because she respectedor admired you and didn't want to hurt your feelings , but she couldn't , because that's just not the way her heart ... moowithelsie , i'll ise your idea of making a choice on a restaurant to go to with a girlfriend to give what i think the inner workings of infj are like =) so i'm infj , here are my funtions ... hmm interesting ... she sounds like an infp friend i had , who is trying to learn to be happy alone without even attempting to try out love ... kinda foolish in my opinion . you said she stopped ... ermm ... from reading stuff on here , i would say what most people have written for fi sounds more like fe , as i am fe myself ... what is up with that ? you make fe sound like a fool , and why is ... hmmm , i guess you fell for her too then ... so what will you do about this girl ? did she actually tell you that she thought it was a bad idea ? i wonder why she would think that ... hope i'm not ... lovely photos hiccups 24-7 =) i agree ... though i admit sometimes i can get kinda depressed from reading stuff on this forum , because i wish more people actually did want to know who we are and actually cared ... and you're ... i wouldn't say it was an immature kind of love ... though it could be sometimes i suppose . also , i would not say for infjs with this kind of love that we have these feelings with insufficient ... yay , go collossus ! infj power hehe : tongue : aaah that sentence made me cringe > _ < anyway , i think the type of love an infj has would be classed as limerence , but with a bit of a twist ... ah i love those days :p roud : wow ... i loved reading all these so much that i pasted a load onto a word document and printed them off to put in my journal . man i wish there actually was someone who does want to know who i ... i became 17 ... and ate chocolate cake ! ! ! : laughing : hahahaha you guys are funny i don't know any entp's at all ... but their seems to be a number of infjs that really hate them , what exactly are you guys all about ? ? ? i agree ... i do the same a lot . and then those rare times when i say what i'm thinking , i usually do it too soon =P we do seem to have an attraction to general sadness , not just sadness in people ... such as sad films , sad songs and music etc . i think that sad things help bring out depth in me ( if that's the right ... there's nothing wrong with them ... it's just that i was sure that she was introverted and feeling . i find it kinda amusing though i'm not sure why =P hmmm that's something that scares me quite a ... oh my goodness what on earth ! ! ! just found our she is an estp ! ! ! how on earth did that happen ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! i thought she was really feeling and introverted ! ! ! no i feel so ... physical issues ? dont know about that but emotional issues i have plenty ... i beleive love looks with the heart . i beleive if you see with the heart then the heart you will see ... and just the same if you see with only your eyes then you will see only the immediate ... awww , that made me all emotional ... thank you , it was beautiful . i agree , many things in the world seems to revolve a lot around love , and true love is so powerful that you would not really need anything else . i mean , people give their lives because of love , ... from various experiences i have had over the years i was wondering if other infjs have had similar experiences . do you ever find yourself just going on with normal life , then suddenly your eyes meet ... hmmm i get that kind of problem quite a lot ! ! ! i know this gay guy ... and he said that his gaydar whent off on me , and he was sure i was gay , but i still keep on having to tell him that i'm ... wow ! to that huge post i reply simply with , i completely agree ! a lot of the things you mentioned i have previously thought about and agree with . thanks for going through the effort to tell me all ... wow littlelady thanks for that , i never thought my huge lack of ability to find my way around in the real world might somewhat be an infj thing ... i can relate to a lot of the stuff said ^ ^ and ... hey everyone , i havn't been so active on pc lately and so didn't update this whole thing , so i guess it's about time i did . i eventually managed to ask her out . though it was hard and i probably ... over time i have noticed that their appears to be particular common conflictions within many infjs . one of the biggest ones invloves loneliness . i found a quote that said i want to be left alone , ... i agree , i'm positive it was an emotional cry not spiritual ... i mean , jesus was a very loving and emotional guy , ofcourse he is gonna cry . you must be religious sln , what is your religion ? .. if ... hahaha , ok then , nevermind . and i agree with you , i myself have been mstaken as being gay a few times ... maybe it's because we follow our heart so much which is usually a feminine thing to do ? i ... well courage , i beleive , is not the emmittence of fear but the acknowledgment that something else is more important than the fear and ability to act on that . cowardice i suppose would be somewhat the ... after so long of never receiving any validation for any of my intuitions or feelings , i gave up . so now i end up doing whatever i feel like , whenever i feel like doing it . and to be honest it works ... flippin heck , you sound exactly like someone i know ! ! ! hmmm , you're not called josh by any chance are you ? ? ? anyways , male infj's ? ? ? rare ? ? ? nah , there's loads of us ! ! you just can't find us , ... i thought about this a few years ago . i realised that i would need to change at some point in the future , mostly to impress girls and get a job i wanted . so instead of waiting till i needed to ... thanks for this great post ! ^ ^ i agree with all you said . '