' haha , extremely sure . :-) i hope it isn't too late for me to give my opinion here o_o but i will do it anyway ... :P i shall separate them into physical and non-physical traits , because i'm organized like that . physical : ... my ex is an esfj , and we broke up because of similar problems to the ones you described . ( communication , expressing feelings , and the way we both think ) . i was ... very heavily invested in this ... to respond to your question , i tease people for the reasons of options ( a ) , ( b ) , ( d ) , maybe ( e ) . it's a method i use to get comfortable with people , so if i can tease them and joke around , it ... paulfalcon i'm really sorry to hear about what happened . in my opinion it was most definitely a communication issue between the two of you , and that was pretty much how my last relationship ended ... istj who failed an exam = it's never good news . you can't imagine the frustration we feel when we don't get the grade we want for a test :/ my suggestion is that you just be there for her . don't ... right now it's a friday afternoon here .. and i am alone in my room attempting to work on my math assignment . and suddenly .. i recall how we used to spend every friday afternoon right where i am now ... sigh . that's what i thought of at first .. just give it time and i will be okay . all we need is to get used to things right .. ? that's how most people cope anyway . what i'm surprised about is how i'm ... i read your reply one day ago and it has helped in a way . i sit across him in science class , and when i look at him and feel sad i just close my eyes and tell myself the person you once knew is ... it really makes me sad when breakups happen . all those times where you actually thought that the two of you would have a future together is all gone . and it also sucks how it's as if it never ... sigh . it ’ s a sad thing to say but i guess you ’ re right . nothing i can do anymore if his friends have a stronger influence on him than i have . it ’ s just pretty sad how it was like it never existed in ... well .. because thinking of the good times will lead to me missing the person that he once was . good times are nice to think of but really , sometimes they bring back so much pain for me . haha , no , ... my ex and i broke up two and a half months ago . ( yes .. another heartbreak thread , sorry guys ) we were together for 14 months . towards the last few months of the relationship , we started to argue ... haha , i scored highest on type 6 , but type 8 was second highest . which means i may have certain traits of an 8 ? i don't know the enneagram well enough to say that statement is defenitely right ... things i absolutely hate about myself : i can be really controlling to the people around me i hate it when i don't get my way sometimes i want people to give in to me i don't know if all ... i never let people see me cry . the only person that i was okay with crying in front of is my ex-boyfriend , while we were still in a relationship . when i do feel sad and am about to cry , i switch ... i didn't read any of the posts before replying , so i'm sorry if i post something that has already been mentioned . i doubt i'm an istj when : - i cried while watching the notebook - i watched the ... the first and third fit me best . if i dislike someone i wouldn't be very direct about it , unless the person has outrightly offended me or intentionally harmed me in any way . for me , i can always find ... just thought i'd contribute for fun . 1 . do you like to wear a cap ? no , caps / hats are not part of my wardrobe . 2 . what brands of running shoes / sneakers are your favorite ? ( max 3 ) adidas for ... my mother tongue is chinese . i speak chinese and english at home . i know a bit of spanish as i am learning it at school as a foreign language , and plan to start on learning italian at the end of ... my best friend is an intp . there is no group , it's just the two of us . she lives in another country so in school i have a different group of friends . they are infj , enfp and esfp . sometimes it's ... what conditions need to be met for you to be happy in life ? or ... what is the main goal you are working toward in life ? ( i . e . for me it would be 1 : i require freedom and autonomy as a minimum to be ... according to the test they took .. mom : infp dad : entj sisters : enfp and ixfp brothers : istp and a 5 year old who's too young to be typed my maternal grandparents didn't take they test but i ... : i see . how does queen's advisor sound to you then ? : blushed : sorry for intruding but how do you intjs not study or do your homework but do well for your exams ? i'd be lucky to get a passing grade if i went into an exam hall without studying : frustrating : my brother who's 4 years younger replies me with ' yes , mom :d ry : ' when i nag at him to do his homework . whenever we go out , for example to the movies my dad tells me im the one in responsible for ... i'd be the empress ! kidding . i would choose to be the king's advisor i think :p roud : the browneyes part of my name was because of someone i liked with the nicest hazel brown eyes i've seen . 94 ( 1994 ) was the year i was born , which was added in because browneyes alone couldnt be ... prada amber for women . my favourite scent in the whole world :p roud : i like the smell of rain too . this sounds pretty much like him . :p roud : this sounds like him too . i'll follow what you said here :) he is 12 and finishing elementary school , and to go on to secondary education he has ... he has interests in sports , and toys that require building or putting together such as bionicles . i think you could be right about him being undisciplined . he does ' work ' on videogames and toys for ... my brother is a 12 year old istp , with a very short attention span . he is taking a very important national exam at the end of the year and he is very capable of doing well ( he's the intelligent ... i'm 50 % italian and 50 % chinese . it was difficult to fit in when i was young because i live in asia and i felt awkward about being mixed race . i actually told my parents i wished i wasn't mixed so ... same as all the people who replied before me , i really dislike having my picture taken with or without my permission . i rather be the photographer . if i ever tried to take a picture with someone i'd ... i just turned 16 . found out about mbti when i was 14 , but took the test seriously and determined my type when i was 15 . it was introduced to me by my intp friend of the same age =) i'm the eldest of 5 children . i'm the most hardworking of all my siblings , and the only lucky child to have a private school education among all the kids . the youngest children description fits my ... i've had a similar experience before of being really close to an esfp guy and now we don't even say hi to each other in school . it's because i've got ' bored ' of him and i find conversation with him ... can istjs , with people they feel strongly about , be eager to please and want do anything to help the other person ? yes . this is the same too for good friends , unless ' people they feel strongly ... hahaha , don't worry . if he wants to be alone , i'm sure he's fine with it . don't feel bad , introverts are like that :) but you can keep your offer to him open ; you never know one day he might want ... i am just pondering about what i might consider taking in university in a few year's time . and i'd like to ask anyone with a bachelor's degree in english and english literature about their ... if i were living in the us - i'd go with spanish for sure . it's more commonly spoken and learning other languages such as portugese or italian will be much easier for you if you take spanish because ... # 1 . self confidence : i've always had this fear of taking pictures , i skip pe class because i think i look fat in my attire and it's embarassing to do sports in front of so many people . i always ... i agree ! i currently am taking 3 languages in school and i am enjoying it so much . way more than math and science . :) in fact i wish i could take more than 3 languages but it's not possible at the ... my best friend is an intp . we've known each other for 9 years but only been close for about 4 years . we have our little quarrells and misunderstandings , but it's all worth it because when we get ... the part about your friend's temper and beating her boyfriend up reminds me of myself . :) [ not that i've beaten up my boyfriend or anything , we just have very similar tempers . ] heh . things i like about myself : - i'm honest . would never lie to parents or friends . - reliable . whatever i promise to do , will be done . - helpful . ready to help anyone who needs it . - polite . =) ... yeah . i once hanged out with a bunch of e_fp girls . i was ( still am ) self conscious , quiet , not rowdy and most certainly not loud . and they all were . plus they were the type who liked hugs , ... the silent , straight-laced gem this girl is rather shy , quite studious , probably pretty conservative , and usually somewhat attractive in a sort of clean , traditional , classic way . sometimes , her ... if i had 50 million dollars i would use it for education - first priority . then i'd get a decent house . and a car . then i'd probably save half of it just in case . i defenitely would not gamble ... i think that we should make an aim or msn thread and gather together in a mass conversation to get to know each other ! ! maybe then new comers would stay awhile longer . : wink : '