' well , as for me . i just want to go away . i want to go on a vacation . i want to leave . i want to stay there for as long as possible ( at least until i forget you even a little bit , because complete ... well , as far as i've seen ( pretty far lol ) , most infps aren't reluctant , but they aren't as willing as enfjs are . like i am a personal human diary for a whole buncha people . my infp friend likes to ... i was very optimistic about an infp . still am . you could call it persistence / perseverance , or you could call it pathetically not wanting to let go . both are aspects of the same situation , just ... couldn't have put it any other way . :D ranting starts now . wow . did you say i was asking for it ? asking for wat ? yes , cuz i def am asking you to piss me off . this is actually sorta weird because i cant hold grudges , but i cant forget ... gahhh . i want to learn chinese sooo darnnn baddd ! ! ! i know how to write hello and goodbye . and ... 1 , 2 , 3 , and 10 . i know how to say hello , goodbye , i'm sorry , thank you , why , what , i dont ... well , the one i'm talking about ... infatuation took over them in a period of like ... 2 weeks . now , that's pretty short . loll . but i guess it might have gotten worse , as time went on . i didn't really ... hahaha , im lazy . and ... it's my cousin . i think he likes me . and i wanted to prove to him that this wouldnt work ... but . ill find some other way . lolll . thanks tho . how does an entj male work with an enfj female ? i'm an enfj ... but . i know you are an infp when it takes you foreverrr to get over your ex because you just got waayyy too attached to him / her , and probably over infatuated over a short period of ... so you want something like ... no strings attached or ... friends with benefits im guessing ? ? loll :D regardless of how old you are ... it's never too late to start your life . even if you are 80 , you can still find love and get married . as far as children go , if you really are 80 , you can try babies ? ... lol , no probs ! it's a really good topic ! i know ... but i wish it won't happen . i mean really . i think that people born in later generations won't have a problem with it , but just people like me ... that might be it . idk ... maybe i'm just brainwashed to think ti si wrong because society today doesn't favor it . i'm it's frowned upon to eat ones own kind . i don't know too many people that would or ... so does this one :D tru dat . completely . :D and it works vice versa too ! at least with me . and , if that's what's up , then you are definitely on your way to find out what you want to know ... i think it's just a matter ... this is a really interesting thread ! ! ! :D like i said before , i'm all up for adoption . in my opinion i don't mind if people stopped reproducing for a coupla decades . i think i know a way to ... you are spot on . stress stress and more stress . it's like a ninja ... i dont know where it is or how it got there , but it gets me every time . but thanks for the encouragement bud . it's good to ... i like asian babies . i can't get over their eyes . too cuteee . omfg . it wasnt really meant to say this , so i guess it doesn't ... but im also contemplating adopting a child once i get married / get ... oh definitely . i have become like ... the total opposite of myself lately . i used to be sooo laid back . and now , i get angry for everything , i blow up at everything , my friends think i need help ... i mean ... ive never gotten along with this chic ... i just .. dont even . she hates me , and i dont know why ... :P but that is cutee ! i wish you the best bud : kitteh : identity crisis ? trying to find yourself ? i feel you bro . i really do . i understand the part where you say people could be slightly apprehensive about future problems . i mean , who isn't ? it's that feeling of ... i wonder how bad / big the problem will be ... will i be able ... completely head over heels for an infp at the moment ... i don't know what to do thoughhh . :/ i think that we should live in the moment . i mean , it might not be the best decision , but ... eventually people end up regretting letting that moment go . i'm gonna live in the moment . it makes life ... hahaha , well i love your fucking profile picture . :) you sir , are an absolute genius . :D i'm an enfx , but i needed to vent about an infp . hope this is okay . :P goshhh ... this infp guy ... i dont get him . why does it take him sooo long to get over something . even when it didn't happen ... when they are obviously right about something , keep saying that they are wrong . no matter how many times they give you the evidence that they are right , just say they are wrong . no matter what .  ... heyyy , say hello to your future bff :D maybe han solo had a twin that nobody knew about . lolll , maybe we were separated at birth ... in a past life ... and that is just the long lost photo of one of us ... in a past life . hahahaaa ! nice ... hahahaa ! patience ... pshhh . :P i'm just curious ... were you my twin in a past life or something ? ? ? loll , ditto bro . :D depends on her , dude . i mean , fromt he sound of it i think she likes men who are very clean and simple . liek she entrances you , you need to entrance her . show your strengths , not only in your own ... hmmm ... hinata from naruto howl from howl's moving castle zen from spirited away ummm ... this person isn't fictional ( well , obviously ... he's a person . ) wesley chan . and im completely in love ... hahaha ! i know right . i would like to think of our kind as more ... oh , what's the word ... experimental ? ! adventurous ... capricious ( in a good and a bad way ) , downright unpredictable ... add all of ... helloquizzy.com : choleric phlegmatic im the same as you ... :) choleric phlegmatic ... no wonder i'm so insane . lolll :D 21 sanguine 21 melancholy 43 choleric 50 phlegmatic that felt too good . lol , wish i could say this in person . dear infp friend / enemy , i think you need to calm down . just a little bit . i don't specifically hate you . but it's something close to that at the moment . i know you hate me too ... but , ... lol , as long as you have some people who love you for who you are , the people who are indifferent / hate you don't really matter . :) yes , im being a hypocrite right now ... but ... gahhh . don't question ... haha , i'll start one soon . :) and thanks . mine's not . but that is because there is a huge misunderstanding , and he slightly refuses to hear my side ... well , i guess i shoulda seen that coming . either that or he knows what's going on , and ... why does it not surprise me that infps have been named the most for mostly like to cry for no reason hahaha xd i think it's best to share your feelings . i dont care how ridiculous your feelings are . but then again , i'm an enfx who pretty much spills all her problems to someone . everybody responds to things in ... i wish i knew how to keep myself from doing stupid things . i mean , i know that's really vague , but i do some really dumb stuff that i have no idea how to deal with . the only thing i get out of them ... i do too . dont worry about it . the heart doesn't lie . if you love him , then you love him . simple as that :) and one more thing . if you love someone , don't ever care about what others might say . if ... i dont believe in sex before marriage . i'm 16 . don't you wish your daughter was smart like me ? - jamie 08 original ^ ^ lol , jk . :D most of you say that it's not that easy to get you mad ... in that case , what types of circumstances push you to that level ? like , what happened in order for you to explode / implode ? how bad was it ? it ... im just curious ... if you do get mad ... you infps hold grudges for a long time ? i think they do . im just saying wat ive seen in infps i know , which is quite a deep grudge for quite a long time ... and ... im an enfp ... apparently im supposed to get along with infjs but ... i havent met one that i can easily get along with yet ... have yall ever hated enfps ? '