' frustration , confusion , euphoria ! another swede here . i've got the same problem , but i wouldn't call it lazy . i need motivation - a goal - to be able to finish something , and if i have , i pour every part of me in it until it is finished ( or i am ... i don't know if it's just me or general for infp's , but i tend to be as perceptive as a rock when it comes to my own relationships . sometimes it strikes me when i'm helping someone in a similar ... i'm usually able to understand most people , how they think and such , even if i don't agree with them . but this ... i just can't figure out the minds of people who would do something like that . i mean , ... it just hit me today , i love to sing . not for others to hear , but for myself , alone with the music i'm listening to . been doing it for at least half a year now but it wasn't until today i actually ... i'm a little shorter than 6 ' 1 and i weigh around 150 lbs , so i suppose i somewhat fit into the stereotype . no special secret there , i've always been thin and so have my family . also , i tend to ... wow ... if i had a larger english vocabulary i'd write something that really could explain how i felt , but suffice it to say that it touched me . a lot . also , very nice design , especially the ... oh , you make me blush : blushed : that is of course , if i had any time for frivolous emotions . which i do not . emotions are for weak youngsters who hasn't learned to fully appreciate the reality of ... bah , who cares about that mumbo jumbo anyway . we are all the same kind , some people just hasn't learned to toughen up and accept life as it is . oh shoot , i'm several minutes late to my job at the ... i constantly get amazed by the compassion you all have here . been said a lot but can't really be said too much eh ? you made my day a little better : 3 empty and a bit ... stressed ? maybe , i'm not sure . also somewhat cornered and frustrated . i want to be in a happy place D: the positronic man by isaac asimov . as runner-ups i'd say the redemption of althalus by david and leigh eddings and pompeii by robert harris . i've got two days to figure out what the hell i'm supposed to do next semester . and i have no ideas at all . math ? programming ? i like those but i don't think i'd be able to bore myself through ... i know that feeling , i still can't figure out why people seem to enjoy my company or talk to me . i really don't . ( not even sure if they actually do or if they are just being polite ... but it would ... i'm still not convinced i should comment here since most other posters here described it pretty well ... but yeah . often i feel like i won't contribute anything meaningful so i mostly just spam thanks ... i'm just ... sad . don't know why , no particular reason i think . seems to be the only times i come to this forum . on the verge of crying and apparently lost half my grammar . should have gone to bed ... it's a beautiful day and things are starting to look up again . maybe i'll even clean up my room :p roud : turning 20 in one week , and definitely relating a lot to what eyenfp said . age roles are such limiting classifications . i thought i'd write a long post about this , but it didn't turn out well so i erased it : mellow : it's a beautiful sunny day , i think i'll go for a walk . the last few days gray and foggy weather has been driving me crazy . everything feels so bright and warm now :p roud : snatched it off of rez ' profile : i love her voice : 3 and i seem to have a thing for guitars . i just saw a big bird in the sky outside my window . i wish i could fly ... empty and confused , and still a bit scared . i'm not diagnosed either ( allthough one doctor thought i might have something near that ) but i can relate to that a lot . a few weeks back i ran through half a meter deep snow in the middle of a park ... ironically , this thread has kind of renewed my faith in humanity . i tend to forget that there are people like you out there in the world . thank you . a couple of years back when i first learned about mbti and that i was an infp , i read something about us watching the world through rose colored glasses . i actually tried it then and there , and ... that pretty much sums up what i've come to realize the last few months . well written . youtube - bronski beat - smalltown boy hq ( plus lyrics ) i'm actually almost starting to panick ... can't remember the last time i was even close to that . but i just feel so trapped , nothing to look forward to , just a big empty void as a future . : sad : ... sad , scared , lonely ... and a bit hungry : mellow : growing up isn't all it's cracked up to be . it is almost full moon , and i can see it from my window ! so pretty <3 been living in my first ( own ) apartmant for a few days now . makes me realize how much i loathe bills , money management , food shopping / planning , and interior decorating to some extent . all the day to ... thank you , that was just what i needed to hear . :) this whole thread really helped me a lot , so many wise people on this board . i'm moving out from my parents apartment in a few days , been busy packing my stuff yesterday . why do i need so much ? so many books i'll probably never read , so many little things and items i'll ... this ! i love rain ! the smell of it , the feeling of getting completely soaked ... i get a lot of odd looks from people i meet , walking around soaking wet without a care in the world <3 . but why would i ... i don't usually do this but i remember one english class two years back . i was sitting next to a friend and for some reason we started laughing uncontrollably at a stapler or a tapeholder or ... i've always cried when i've gotten angry or upset , but otherwise not . it's not until the last year i've been able to cry because of sadness or melancholy save for a few times when i was little . it ... i just figured out that my last thirteen years in school are the main reason why i haven't been able to get any studies done these last few months . and i hate the system and myself for doing that to ... dammit now i feel like i've missed out on cowboy bebop , i've only seen one or two episodes when i was little . guess i'll have to make some time for it even though i don't really have any ... hmm ... serial experiments lain , and atb : s music . can disappear into both of them anytime <3 i can relate to this . i have a lot of trouble telling people i care about them , so i mostly try to just say exactly what i feel ( which i think might come out as a bit cold ) or exaggerate / joke about ... pretty much sums it up for me . when i've figured that out i'd jump in and stay . <3 i'll have to say maybe . on one hand i don't trust nonscientific things like this , but on the other hand too many i know is very accurately described by their zodiac ( including me ) . those zodiac ... yup , in one of those right now . i'm just glad my parents aren't home or i'd be going crazy . :/ hopefully it'll pass sometime soon today . i think the only reason i can stand being single is because i dream away in my imagination most of my free time , or do things very intensely while blocking out everything else . i try not to think of ... my grades have been dropping like flies the last years for this reason . when i was younger i had some feeling that i had to get good grades no matter what , so i studied ( somewhat ) even though i ... very true : happy : this is exactly how i become when it gets really bad . an empty shell without a goal and with only basic logic . first time that happened i had to actually ask myself if i perhaps wanted to kill ... '