' i don't see why you would . religion has done absolutely no good for mankind . i don't blame people for the crimes which religion causes , i blame religion for causing those crimes . as i said to brian , i don't care much if the christians i have spoken with are offended by what i have to say , as the ones who i talked to are stupid anyways . and yes , i do believe it is important to ... with that being said , i feel the need to mention again that i never attacked him personally , just his religion . it's his own stupidity for taking it so seriously , and people this stupid , i believe , ... i'm still not sure why you feel the need to mention christians on this board as being good people . i never made any claims that they weren't . this hardly has anything to do with christianity . the intention of my post was to find out what i could do , and i figured that upon viewers of this post reading my friend's worth , that being , ... > you say i need to stop lying to myself > i read the sentence after that demand & logically argue against it , which according to you , i interpreted it wrongly > you castigate & proceed to say i ... im sorry , i didn't have the answers in the beginning , but after contemplation , i figured it all out , along with the help of hailfire's encouragement remember , you said that i need to stop lying to myself , and that all humans need communication . a sentence proceeded by a bold demand like that insinuates what i needed to stop lying to myself about . i can't provide a decent argument against this , as i have no experience in college , but i shall make two claims anyway . 1 . college is , based on my own assumption , filled with all sorts of people , ... i didn't think it was this possible for someone to be this ... nevermind . regardless , i believe you should re read what i said . i shall not form new relationships in high school , as they are a waste ... how ballsy and pretentious of you to presume i am at a total lack of communication with other humans . i do , in fact , have family members whom i can rely upon , whether it be through the phone or at ... oh nice avi xd hi play around with this website : relations between psychological ( personality ) types it allows you to input two different types & categorizes what type of relationship it is . then you scroll down and ... relations of supervision between psychological ( personality ) types if you want the original link , then here : relations between psychological ( personality ) types ( you're going to end up getting ... 1 . philosophy 2 . furries & yiffs 3 . new vocabulary words 4 . girls getting forced to orgasm are you sure you're an intp ? i have done things perceived as far worse than aberrant to other people and i have no shame in it - i have mixed sperm in a bottle with one of my friends and poured it down the sink & have told ... thanks a lot for your response , and the two others below you as well . i have decided that i will proceed with my original plan of finding an isolated place to dwell among until high school ends , and ... i'm a 16 year old intp male in my junior year of high school . up until this day in my life , i've been in and out of many acquaintanceships but very rarely anything pertaining to genuine camaraderie ... i assume people with t preferences have bigger frontal lobes , because the frontal lobe is what is able to process rational thought . you wouldn't believe how spontaneous entps are :P hi ... oh wait . intp / intj . nevermind im a guy and sit down when i take a mist ( piss . my friend and i call pissing misting ) 48480 not mad . just exasperated not mad . just exasperated the thing about that is that your opinion is invalid . i wrote something , then you couldn't comprehend it and ended up responding to something which i didn't even say . you're an inarticulate dumb ass ... thanks for attempting to set him right , but he is obviously too retarded to comprehend the premise of what i was trying to say nope . try again . interpretation 3 : would i beat a child in the same way the children in the video were beaten if i wanted to get it off my back and it were the only given way to beat them at that ... well , there are obviously other courses of actions i could take . but if this were the only course of action , and i would never get caught , i probably would . the only thing stopping me are other ... i was watching it alone and was laughing almost all the way through while at the same time thinking to myself that this could never happen in real life . have a scientist build me an alternate dimension to the marvel universe every entp believes they have sociopathy at one point or another in their lives . i literally feel nothing , and i'm just wondering if i should get my head checked out . i don't find it funny or anything , it's ... congrats . you'll be an unemployed philosophy grad soon . ‘ a little less . level one , the level your species has reached , begins with the invention of the flying machine . the next level is achieved when a species is no longer dominated by or dependent upon ... to say the concept of the judeo christian god is incapable of being rationalized is quite silly , in my opinion . the story of genesis : once upon a time , there was nothing . abruptly , a mysterious ... same goes for you nope , that's just your perspective . are there any religious nt's ? ever met one ? i personally haven't . people whom i've met who are religious have f in their type . 1 ) the ability to manipulate all forms of matter , energy , radiation , chemicals , elements , and etc . ( i could just wish for the ability to be able to manipulate everything this universe is composed of ... ohhh , quite a misconception you have deluded yourself into believing ;) i'm type 4 entp and i believe in existential nihilism since these are all questions which cannot pertain to me because i am not of the appropriate age , i will consider these as hypothetical scenarios , and i will answer them with what i would do . 1 ) ... 4w3 , 7w6 , 9w8 hell - o ! i am an entp as well , and i'll be turning 16 in 2 days . wow , we have so much in common ! :D no , not really . but , would you like to find out if we seriously have stuff in common ? :) intp , i have a question for you . what do you think about nihilism ? i ask because you said you were interested in philosophy :D hay . no , hot hey , but hay . as in , the hay that horses eat . okay , for reals now :p roud : when you say you felt abandoned , that was a bit ambiguous . are you actually feeling abandoned , or is ... '