' well , it is a story about the bohemian ideals of truth , beauty , freedom , and love , after all . i whole-heartedly agree with zidler and tulouse ( the midget ) . i think the duke is an is ... j , because ... i mean , i think it's fairly obvious that christian is infp , although i've heard enfp and while i don't agree , i can understand the argument . satine ? harold zidler ? the duke ? tulouse ? others ? so ... i find myself in the midst of emotional uproar for two enfj characters that i role-play . one has serious relationship drama , and the other ... well , let's just say her memory was wiped because ... as many infj's are prone to do , if they are writers , role-players , actors , etc . , i have gotten too far into the minds of my two enfj characters . thus , i am experiencing many feels that i do not know ... the most memorable compliment i've ever received was this : at a summer camp , i was walking with a friend to one of the buildings on the college campus we were using . in a joking manner , i exclaimed , ... i have an example , if that helps ? morgana from the bbc tv series merlin . she is infp from the get go , and you see her excited , loving , grieving , angry , and most of all , bitter . she's been bitter for ... i don't shut them off . they just aren't relevant all the time , and it's like i put them on the shelf , similar to hanging up my coat when i get home . when i'm alone , i'm expressionless , and rarely ... the most magical physical place for me is cape breton . on a family vacation , we took a tour of the cabot trail , and the view was so breathtaking . i was so affected that i didn't want to be there , for ... i'm going to vote , even though i'm only engaged . my fiance is infp . we've been engaged for about a year , dating for three years total , but we knew each other longer than that . he has told me several ... i don't think we can define evil . as others have said , it's more a matter of perspective . if someone believes an action is good , according to their morality , then it is not evil . if they ... ok , as far as what you can do: find something about the place you're applying to that you are interested in . in the interview , focus on that . also , be as honest as possible . i mean , don't tell them ... internet . preferably reading one of the blogs i follow , or playing a mindless puzzle game . and music . always music . i stay away from forums , when i want to unwind , as they take too much effort . going ... luckyperuser , i ask because an entp character in a story is giving me a hard time , figuring out her methods of socialization . this is interesting . most of you said it has to do with what they are ... i have this friend . this friend who has fe through the roof . while i love her , oh my god , could she please just listen for once . i actually want to hear the conversation going on in the movie we're ... dear enfj , stfu maybe you could try listening for once . love , infj i have an idea for an infj one : infj for your ... i was diagnosed with executive functioning disorder , a form of add usually first found in young adults , when i was 17 . i always had trouble getting my homework done , ever since fourth grade . but i ... in everyday conversation , if someone starts getting upset , when and how do you notice it ? ... i'm both , but never at the same time . when i'm alone , i'm the intuitive subtype . when i'm around other people , i'm the ethical subtype . if i'm too much in the intuitive subtype , bad stuff ... my friends keep asking why i'm not going to become a psychologist . i guess that counts . my latin teacher told me i'd be a good teacher . i've also been told that i could take over the world , if i ... i'm not infp , but my boyfriend is , and we had our kiss at the same time . we've recently discussed this , so i will tell you what happened / what he said . do you remember your first kiss ? yes was it ... i would like to be an ablative absolute , but that's something rather specific to the latin language . 1 . noun , because it's there , undoubtedly , and it is what it is . future perfect ( i will have _ ... just finished toy story 3 . i recommend it to everyone ever . seriously . just ... have tissues handy . and a friend . preferably an __f_ friend . ( watched it with an enfj and an intj ; the enfj was sobbing ... i somewhat agree . although ... i feel like we are more aware of romantic love than of the other kinds , possibly because of social conditioning , but also possibly because we're nurturing it more than ... love is recognizing someone's flaws , weaknesses , and shortcomings . and then wanting to be around them because of them . it's compromise , devotion , trust , respect . it's not that funny feeling in your ... dear enfj friend , i love you . a lot . i'm sorry if i appear a little ... clingy isn't the right word , but ... i'm sorry if my going over to talk to you several times a day is irritating . it's just ... have you considered inxj ? you sound both infj and intj to me . definitely ni dominant , but evidence for both fe and te . you're probably closer to intj , if you want a definitive answer ( although you ... i would say back off a bit , but if you really care about her , wait . or , if you really really care about her , talk to her . ask her . you don't have to tell her you are the one , and i can only ever be ... it's odd . i have a slight cold , so meh , but ... i feel inspired . i have this urge to do something , ... but ... i can't think of what to do . i want to help people reach a greater understanding , but i ... it's raining men ! hallelujah , it's raining men ! amen ! in the end , it's up to you , but i think you fit an infj more than intp . owfin , that might be a good idea . i don't know much about the enneagram system . ace face , that makes my 100th red balloon ! thank you ! staffan , i like sims more for the people and the interactions . a lot of times , i use the sims to create stories . i think it's a good game for ... murnando , - i do know several infp's who have self confidence issues , particularly my mother , who suffered from depression for many years , and my best friend , who is almost diagnosable with an ... riverlioness , i don't think it's a type thing if someone's grumpy in the morning , but ... infj's might be putting up a boundary in the morning when they first wake up so they don't have to deal other ... i agree with deductivereasoner : the doctor . thanks , everyone . petethezombie , i wake up around 8 , usually . when classes are in session , i wake up earlier . i did talk to her about it when she woke up , and she told me it was just her waking up ... please love yourself . you are wonderful and amazing and brilliant . your insights always blow me away , and your enthusiasm for your projects , whether new theories about abstract concepts or a new ... my friends and i have started typing songs . yes , i know this isn't entirely possible , but that doesn't mean it's not fun . for example , pretty much anything by coldplay is intj . a fine frenzy is ... so , my roommate is fairly clearly an intj , and i'm infj . we rarely communicate , since we both prefer to sit quietly at our desks on our computers . but ... our sleep schedules are completely ... in stories , i'm always attracted to intj characters . in real life , it's the infp's . not romantic attraction , but ooo , you're so interesting , let me know you . one day , he had just been rejected by another girl he cared about , and he was so obviously upset ( to me ; no one else picked up on it much ) . he had his head down on his desk for the rest of class . i ... as an infj , i can tell you that i usually trust logic over my own feelings . and not all infj's are good with people . one of my friends is also infj , and there are times when i want to smack her for ... regardless of the ti / te thingy ( no offense meant at all , i would love to talk about it , but this is not the place ) , what do you think , _mystery_ ? both the itp and inj child are said to be very curious and both ask many questions , and no one is completely introverted . you also said : that suggests introvert to me . that , and the types you're ... hey ! i'm from nc , too ! i adore infp's , although i would hate to actually be one ( no offense ) . they tend to be my favorite characters in stories , and my best friend is infp . of the fi's , they seem the ... hello ! i'm also an infj . what sorts of things do you like , like books or movies , or games , or topics of discussion , or types of people ? esfp . i'm fairly certain . enfp would have been my next guess , but something about you just screamed esfp to me . * ponders quietly in the background * you are definitely fe . and ni . and introverted . therefore , i think you are infj . of course , if you look above , the people who have suggested types have suggested types no more than one letter off ... hmm . a new theory has come out that states children 7-13 only have three letters , and the secondary function develops with age . perhaps that might be the way to determine this . when you were young , ... '