' zkyuu i guess my knowledge on infj interests are incorrect then . sseems i need to expand my knowledge on infj types . what would be signs an infj is interester for you ? i know some infj's . would these be indicators of a romantic interest for infj ? constant communication ( infj initiating ) wanting to meet up to do a mutual interest and when not together ask advice ... i thought if someone was happy in a relationship they would not spend time with someone else . especially an ex when it appears feelings still remain . thanks for your insight . thanks again for your response . meeting me quite frequently ( which is her idea not mine ) is a bit iffy to me . especially considering we have dated in the past . long distance was our down fall , ... thanks for responding . i was unsure if an infj would string someone long , since certain theorists state infj are loyal to the core . i do agree it not fair on her boyfriend . she said he knows she is ... hi all . i will try and keep this post brief and clear as possible . i met an infj woman approximately 4 years ago . for the first 2 years we dated on and off ( ended due to complications like her ... thanks for your comment on this . a hidden agenda eh . i will distance myself thanks for the advice . i was on and off with them for a couple of years . never became official . they decided to unblock ... thank you very much for that intuitive insight . she told me they have been in the honeymoon period and still are . well it is has been well over a year , i think that is too long so yes i agree with ... ding my apologies if i am going over the same thing . i've not spoke for a few days , she messaged me asking me about my training and how it is going . she brought up ... thanks for your response . i noticed flaws within the stories . it did not seem that serious . especially after over a year , talking to an ex and not even met each others parents etc . thanks for your ... thanks for your response . the infj said they want to be friends . however i think it is odd to spend so much time with an ex , when you do not see current partner as much . it is more logical to make ... hi all infj . i have a question for you all . i was dating an infj on and off for many years . the infj travelled and studied abroad so it did not last . they are in a relationship of over a year ... thanks for your comment . i specified i'm not friends with exes as it just dosent work for me . we agreed if either met someone the we would leave contact altogether . what you said does make sense ... this question applies to infj females . is it a common theme for infj in young 20 ' s that are insecure to play games ? i've had an infj female in my life for a fewith years . we dated but often ... what about giving gifts ? ocean eyes unless it is personal experience dealing with an infj which makes me believe the type is complex . she contradicts herself a lot then sulks once it has been brought to her attention ... thanks for the comment . it is more annoying being randomly ignored after communicating . infj are so complex , do you have a manual ;) ? hazeleyes 147 fair enough , we were seeing each other on and off but it seemed she always held back . i'm not the most emotional empathy person so perhaps this concerns her . we argued a lot though ... that is very useful advice thanks :) . it seems it is a let of anxiety and over analyses . this person i believe fears closeness , they want a relationship with someone , yet when they get close to me , ... a quick question . why do infj's , say they want to be friends but then blow hot and cold with you and enter a constant communication then ignore period ? a person that does not bore me , is not a sheep and has a mind of their own and is intelligent . i find relationships difficult to maintain as stated , most people bore me . as a guy you are meant to ... thanks for your post . she opens up to me regarding other personal matters and it seems there is only me she can confide in . such as life choices and family personal matters . she said she wouldn't ... thanks for your advice . i am sure there are numerous things but i know she can become stressed and isolated regarding university work . i imagine our on and off past and falling out does not help ... hey infjs to cut the story short , i've been on and off with an infj for the past few years , circumstances has prevented us becoming serious . reasons for this are distance regarding university ... evening infj's ( uk time it is the evening ) how is life for an infj ( in particular female ) in the early 20 ' s regarding relationships ? i find one close person to blow hot and cold with me . it is an ... _observer_ been a couple weeks since i posted , you asked me to update you with the situation with the infj female . she was me with another lass , few days later she messaged me . she wants to be ... thanks for your response , it was appreciated . she just keeps messing about . i ordered something for her before she went away , 1 min she wants it then she doesn't ( she changes her mind ) and it is me ... infj are good nurtured souls . one of my best friends ( male ) is an infj and potentially a brother . my best friend assessed the infj female in my life and said it is not over yet . yet she does not want ... thanks for your post . she said she will not meet up with me now since i declined the offer before she went away for a few weeks and says she doesn't see why we would . so guess i am stuck ... thanks for your response i shall take note of this . it would be nice to meet up even if it is one last time although i would have to be careful not to see what i want to . it was a romantic ... people say you are eccentric yet you know you are crazy and it beats being the ' social norm ' . people say you over think situations and apparently there is no need , pffft . when people moan about ... i have a question for infj ( preferably female ) but any perceptions will be appreciated . fell out with an infj female i have been dating on and off with for a couple of years . she's been away ... feelings can become very complicated , and as you rightly stated only you know how you feel . love does not always develop within a few months , the feeling can take several years . people often ... weapon calling . thor :D would it be possible to have a chat with an infj for advice on personal relationships and overcoming an obstacle ? private messaging would be preferred , thanks in advance . my current employment is like that on work night out , if you do not join you are not a man and are a homosexual and feminine . someone as mentioned it in a previous post a while ago , but i get annoyed when people are unable to analyse consequence of their actions and are unable to understand the cause and effect . i have an ... there are several things which makes you an intj ( i would like to state i generally score i or e ntj on tests depending which one is undertaken ) . 1 . world domination has been at least a thought ... some interesting posts in here . i've known an entp lady for a few years now and we have always had an amazing time . we connected instantly and spend some time together . she seems to open up to me ... free cookies and a back massage that is awesome offer how can people resist ? i like infj but they do not seem to care for the entj direct approach . i imagine meeting rational gay males as you have stated is a difficult task , in england when people are open about their sexuality they change their image to one that society ... ken 07 wow your post sounds similar to me as well , very interesting . i currently work in a recycling company in the warehouse department is micromanaged , i did a report on it at uni on how they can ... i find infj's confusing when engaging in romance as friends it is truly awesome :) . 1 of my closest friends is an infj and we have a great laugh and assist each other through the journey of life ... noted haha i apologize for not explaining how life is for an entj . i will keep this brief but provide sufficient information for you to develop an understanding . growing up ... first and more important factor mbti is a foundation to workl from the theory itself is not concrete as there are different level of mental health between each personality amongst social factors ... i am the big spoon haha . so you're saying i should dominate behind close doors for these type of ' activities ' ? interesting thought i was meant to put ' inefficient ' . depends i guess each entj will be different depending on background and environment . in relationships i am very cut throat and apparently can be controlling . ... if a world domination plan was planned and executed effectively there would be no ' fall guy ' . i grew up with nf's , my brother and best friend both infj have taught me to be more civil and understand ... haha i would question the test and the person that designed it . good leadership is better as it enables good teamwork , bad leadership and individuals do as they please and pick what they want . at ... i'm glad to know an nt that's settled down so to speak , i know intj females are rare and find it difficult . i've done research on personality type theory . reading about mbti , temperament sorter ... '