' just got married to my esfp today ! :p roud : 688402 6884 10 i actually have that on my playlist ! i've been digging for good stuff since august , because i got tired of being that guy . that guy being the guy who says they like dubstep but can't name anyone ... this . this is what i call dubstep ! ! ! this is phenomenal ! 659274 so my fiance is officially pregnant ! : shocked : what personality type do you think the child of an enfp and esfp will be ? i'm not offended , i'm no longer active . i'm engaged to an esfp now , so any attempts by entps to seduce me would be ineffective anyway :P did you hear about the midget fortune teller who escaped from prison ? there's a small medium at large ! i've always been a believer , i've always known the truth in my heart . but i chose the path of the prodigal son . i chose sex , alcohol , video game addictions and lastly drugs over following my beliefs ... got an early christmas gift . it's totally me , because enfps are cute fluffy rainbow unicorn kittehs ! 614442 being silly at the toy store : tongue : 607257 now engaged to my esfp ! :p roud : 605770 now this is enfp porn ! halloween costume with my esfp ! 601434 6014 50 601442 i was at this 3 day music festival imagine music festival | an aquatic fairytale not only did i get to experience my favorite music artist of all time ( phutureprimitive ) , but i got to meet him and ... i got a photo with my favorite music artist , phutureprimitive ! ! ! 575210 this is the myers briggs forum . myers briggs uses dichotomies . if you want cognitive functions then go to the cognitive functions forum . omfg . i have an infj mom , you just described her perfectly . just did some quick research on baby boiler's claim to see if there was any truth to it . exposure to sunlight , and thus vitamin d actually does boost the immune system . sunburn on the other hand , ... from an isfj : you're so random ! that's why i like talking to you , i never know what's going to come out of your mouth next . : laughing : you're 20 . there are over 3.5 billion other females in the world . you'll find someone else . no there will never be anyone just like her , but you'll find someone you like just as much as her , or even ... i remember badgers being pretty cool . here is some interesting data for you . in this list 1 and 8 are tied for the rarest , but in my experience ... i couldn't date someone with religious beliefs that are too far out of alignment with my own , that's really important to me . mainly because that is a topic i talk about fairly often , i would need to ... male intj named john : * rocky impression * yo adrian ! me : yo john ! john : * louder * yo adrian ! me : * even louder * yo john ! john : haven't you seen rocky ? me : yes i know that's from rocky , ... i have not noticed this . coworker : hey can you help me out with this ? me : * helps * coworker : thanks , you're the bomb.com ! me : i am also the bomb.net and the bomb.edu . coworker : hey now , let's not get too full of ... yes , this is the enfp curse . something about our brains requires us to be entertained at all times . it's not all bad though , this leads to us being very entertaining individuals lol . that is the biggest issue . an esfp who really likes you will be inclined to understand , but they won't really care . also those kind of conversations will be as draining to them as small talk is to ... i was reading this , and remembering how energetic all the younger enfps are , and started wondering how much money i could make if i could harvest enfp energy and turn it into an energy drink . i had ... you type as if this will be quoted in the future . i declare thee infp . could you specify which sports ? i have a theory that enfps are pretty good at endurance sports due to inferior si . with inferior si i find it easy to just zone out and ignore unpleasant physical ... this is some good shit ! here's something i've observed about intjs . most likely due to tertiary fi , i've noticed many of you guys appear to suffer from . morals are black and ... infp : i think you're becoming buddhist . you're searching for objective truth , buddhism says that's how you reach nevada . me : * laughing uncontrollably * infp : i mean nirvana ! that's how you reach ... there it is again , too happy . what exactly does it mean to be too happy ? how is being happy a flaw ? i've been thinking about self actualization a lot lately , and to me it's absolutely paramount . i can't get the idea of achieving unrealized potential out of my head , and it just keeps growing . what ... yes . my entire life i was told that i was annoying . i talk too much , i'm too energetic , i'm too self centered , i'm too clingy , i'm too sensitive , i'm too happy . seriously , people like to fucking ... oh yes enfp te is incredible . and when combined with our ne we can come up with some really creative methods like you said . i like michael pierce's description of enfp's te - it's like a bulldozer ... : shocked :: laughing :: laughing :: kitteh :: tongue :: proud :: cool : anyway serious answer , emojis are a fun and simple way to convey an emotion without having to type it out . you'll probably see enfps ... i imagine it has a lot to do with self actualizing and developing te and si . when you somehow manage to be an optimist and a realist simultaneously . enfpxenfp friendships and relationships can be very frustrating when both people like to procrastinate . i was supposed to meet an enfp friend today at 1:00 , i message her to tell her i'm running ... on my way home today , i started reflecting on how i have a really bad habit of not trusting my own memory and experience , and it causes a lot of unnecessary issues in my life . i have an irrational ... me : whaddup homey g ! istp : the 90s called , they want their slang back . me : the laws of causality prevent us from receiving a phone call from the past . istp : * forces a smile and walks away * i don't feel like talking right now . works well . waking life has completely changed my life . does the person begin every single sentence with the word i ? probably an enfp . based on my observations , enfps seem to be most successful with intjs , infjs , or other enfps . this is of course , one big generalization . i personally believe my best match is either an infp , ... '