' i know an istj male that is very introverted . i am an estp female and come off as very flirty , dumb founded and lazy . a while back he used to do things for me without me even asking , such as getting ... my friend seems to be very , antisocial . dont get me wrong there is nothing wrong with that its just im curious about him . im trying to to type him or atleast get a good sense of em but he seems a bit ... an estp wouldnt sulk unless it was extremely important and / or could leave him vulnerable . however t or f in my experience isn't how emotional someone is , rather than how they deal with their ... so , a dearly close infj friend of mine likes discussing my feelings ... which is a pretty short discussion . i dont have much to say since i dont go in depth with emotions . i know estps are pretty ... alright thanks for everything . this is a little off topic but just whats your opinion of estps if you know any . ive had some previous istjs think they are pretty obnoxious and shallow . i dont think ... most of the time we talk we have a good distance between us . and most of our conversations wouldnt adress me to touch him ... however i see him walk past me daily and we usually just make eye contact , ... so what would you suggest i do from my stand point ? even if its only a bare minimum of a conversation ? would you still say that even if its such a small amount talking ? sometimes he asks me these pointless questions that he could of asked anyone else , and once i answer we might talk about it a bit and ... so i know this istj who i'm not sure how he feels about me . i could be way off , but i feel like he doesnt like me just because he is pretty introverted .. but then again he is a tested istj . ... the entp i know will get creeped out after a bit . but definitely holds the eye contact longer than most . and when he asks why i was staring ill tell him i was just looking around , and he will try to ... ah yes i forgot an infp . a male infp i know does not make to like eye contact . we will look at each other and he will turn away , not disrespectfully , but more of a - i see you , youre acknowledged , ... i'm an estp and i dont know why i but i always make this long , seductive like eye contact . even men i dont know will hold a 4-5 second stare with me . its like i have this look that makes guys stare ... so one of my long time guy friends , is probably some sort of esxj . but he is extremely emotional , maybe even an unhealthy type . my close friend who has also known him for a long time , is a esfj ... which function uses more metaphors and analogies in daily language and breaking things down to understand ? ? can anyone help me understand how i could understand what functions look like to get a better sense of a persons type . i also need help typing a few of my friends if anyone thinks they could help ... yeah , i think he's bipolar . ive know him for 5 + years so he likes me more than most people in social setting . but even to me he can blow up with no reason . definitely has si in him though . its ... a summary of the presence of esfjs in general ? probably friendly and warm . under stress and pressure ? for me , it's head down , go go go , make things happen , do do do until the pressure is gone and ... lmao yeah , my friend i'm trying to type acts completely bipolar . he can be talking about sports , happy and cheerful and before i know it hes raging and shutting down because of something mentioned . i agree with the chill , almost ignore them or just all together stop apologizing . if you need an estp to know their wrong , you don't back down . since youre an infj if you didn't back down your friend ... anyone sum up the presence of esfjs ? i have a friend who i think may be an esfj but i'm not sure . how do you guys act under stress and pressure . pretty positive i'm an estp , and mainly hang out with exfps so i definitely think i know whats going on . first of all , you leaving was probably extremely difficult , and being an ep , that probably led ... then yeah , i think i identify most as estp . my teachers would probably agree lol . i often also get esfj .. which doesn't make sense to me yeah , i think that too , just confused because i'm extremely lazy . not very goal oriented . also , i cant get along with estjs at all . no idea why . the 11th doctor 1 ) what are your views on money ? how do and would you use it ? provide reasons i easily spend money , i like to save it up so i can spend a lot a once . if i need to only buy a few ... im pretty sure im an estp . but lots of times i feel like an entj and exfp do you have any questions you could ask to help me out ? im an estp female . and was an amazing gymnast from early on . i had a chance to be on amazing traveling teams and go pretty far . but i didnt enjoy it as much as i'd like because it wasnt a team sport ... you know you're an asshole when you spend most of your day making an esfj rage . : happy : estp : 1 . find out something they really like or enjoy . 2 . flat out insult them or the subject mentioned above if that doesn't work 1 . put an infj next to them ^ this can end very badly ... don't mean to stereotype but you know how estps are usually labeled as manipulative and just trying to get in your pants . anyways my best friend , an esfp dated an estp guy for on and off again for 2 ... i think im confident because if i walk into anything and 1 . seem like an idiot , everyone laughs at me . it makes me happy because i have the spotlight and attention on me . ( seems arrogant but i laugh ... i was pretty honest with him and told him i liked him back . but when i asked him about dating he didnt really respond , and when i asked him if he wanted to hang out he said he was too shy . so hes ... in one of my classes an intj thought i was cute and got my number from a friend . he texted me and i texted back . we got to know each other pretty well , he told many of his friends and me that he ... thanks for posting ! yeah i understand exactly where you are coming from . i have toned it down a bit and actually i recently met a guy , dont know his type but definitely a ixfx . and we have been ... i am also an estp diagnosed with adhd . it made school difficult but i still managed to get mostly a's . my dad is an isfp who also has adhd . so i agree , i think sps are more likely to get add / adhd ... i don't know why but i am definitely an estp and i would much rather date an entp , intp , or entj over an infj or intj . if its just a friend with benefits fling , i like them to be the same type or ... i know many enfps , some are my best friends but if i'm being honest , they're the most dramatic people i've met . one enfp i knew lied and exaggerated every little detail . they're fun people but i ... i agree a lot with what you said . i have a very close estp guy friend and noticed he seems to lead lots of women on but isn't serious and ... i'm an estp , maybe i'm typed wrong or maybe common sense and things similar aren't fixated on sensors . ever since i was a kid , my isfj mother couldn't get me to listen to her . teaching me things like ... for sensing types ? i get along great with all of them except for estj . but for intuitives nts are fine , i love them . i get along best with entps intps and entjs . but if they are nf we usually don't ... my parents are isfj and istj . dad is the isfj and mom is the istj , they didn't like me that much , im an estp . i mean they loved me , but we all know how isxjs are :d ry : all throughout my childhood , ... thanks for your input ! no don't think you were being a bitch and i'm glad you said this . i just don't think i'm dating material lol , guys say id be better as a friend with benefit . i don't think i ... im an estp , and 100 % sure of it . so anyways , i get along great with most people but i have a ton of more guy friends . the ratio to guy friends to girl friends is probably 12:5 . anyways im very ... im an estp , and 100 % sure of it . so anyways , i get along great with most people but i have a ton of more guy friends . the ratio to guy friends to girl friends is probably 12:5 . anyways im very ... the examples you described are not just messing around . they're trying to get someone killed , and that's disturbing . anyway , you don't have to be unstable or crazy to benefit from ... i think im an estp , every test i take gives me estp or esfp . but im not sure i sometimes feel like im an istp . so i thought about answering those questions things but i feel they never get to the the ... thanks for the input . i dont think i need therapy , my childhood definitely wasnt normal but not unstable . i come from a family of rednecks so growing up around sps was common , me getting bucked off ... i love that you made this thread . i am often seen as the odd one for being a female estp . i'm very well liked and popular but have noticed unless its an esfp , most girls look at me like i'm some ... as a child , i was quiet and a people pleaser . i didn't challenge people , i didn't go against the grain , i was calm , and patient . maybe its because i changed schools every single year in elementary ... both types are caring and pretty positive but he is just i dont even know . he acts exactly like an esfp but 2 of my esfp friends thats are guys dont act the way he does at all . he is emotional more ... '