' no problem . : laughing : . same here . i relate to celine more than any other character . : happy : jerry - istj kramer - enxp elaine - estj george - intp ( same as larry david ) newman - istp frank costanza - entp estella costanza - esfj jacopp peterman - entp george steinbrenner - entj dominant usage of te would make that person more intense and focused . highly preoccupied and maybe a bit on edge , but not boring . not to me at least . i know exactly what you mean . : wink : this is definitely something i am always trying to figure out and achieve . it's a constant pursuit of obtaining balance and making things work in all you do ... sheldon - istj rajesh - intp leonard - infj howard - entp penny - esfp teabiscuits , it sounds like you had an epiphany : happy : . moments like that helps expand understanding of our own thoughts and insights . it turns my world upside down in an amazing way every time . the ... it seems you were just protecting and guarding yourself from being hurt by others . a defense mechanism of some sort . feeling vulnerable makes one feel exposed and weak . the fact that you are aware of ... istj's are great people in general . i respect and admire their steadiness , strong work ethic , and loyalty . they make you feel safe around them , like everything is going to okay : laughing : . at the end ... i'm not so much extroverted in the sense that i need to talk and be around people most of the time . more often than not , my extraverted intuition is used for ideas , thoughts and connections which ... thanks amber . great info . been reading don richard riso and russ hudson's understanding the enneagram : the practical guide to personality types . i learned a lot of the negative aspects to the 9 ... social studies ( history ) was my favorite subject along with science , art , english / creative writing . i actually liked math , but it took a bit of time to process . so ... i guess that was my least ... great analysis . i can see it a bit more clearly now . i hear that some enfp men can come across estp on the surface , but are really very much enfp on the inside . maybe because they like to play up the ... wasn't doakes just relentless with his obsession with dexter ? : crazy : deb could just be a tough esfp chick . i mean she lived and was raised by men . so ... it makes sense . i think she just might be ... i initially thought deb was esfp , but was thinking she might fit as an estp . maybe esfp or estp . supporting cast la guerta : entj angel : estp masuka : esfp rita : esfj sergeant doakes : istp ... vince : esfp johnny : estp eric : istj turtle : esfj ari : entj am certain about ari and e's types . on other forums ... people say vince could be enfp . not too sure about that . i could see it ... he's ... i love that show . looking forward to the new season . yes , i agree he's an intj . that's true for me too . most of my experiences with them have been great . of course we approach / see things differently , but it's a nice balance overall . they are open-minded enough to hear different ... to be honest , when i first got into the enneagram system i typed myself as a 2 . 2w1 or 2w3 . that was my preference . the description made me feel optimistic and as though i could do anything . but ... thank you for sharing . i'm so glad you were able to learn and grow into the person you are today . i relate to what you went through ... very personally myself . i know i can't make things better ... definitely . that would be interesting . i think it would be informative for everyone . it would be nice to see more sensors being represented on forums . the balance imo is needed . i believe there are ... hey stoic , i hope you stay . we need more istjs around ! you guys are needed here . : cool : i noticed many s-types are not very interested in personality theory , but particularly esf * types . there are definitely sensors who are into mbti . at my old job , i was bored and asked 4 of my ... that's awesome , wickedqueen ! i don't know whether i would eat them or use them as ornamental decoration . that's so sweet ! that is a good man right there . i understand there are enfp's out there that fit perfectly into the group a profile , but there are those who fit in groups b and others who have ... principii , you are such a doll . thank you for contributing to the thread . i will let you know what he'll do about it as soon as i find out . btw , so glad you overcame the obstacles you faced ... kayley , thanks you for your insights . even though i'm not an infp , i can sure relate a lot to you guys . this is incredibly helpful ... you have no idea . i do believe he has an inferiority ... amanda , thank you for sharing ! that is really great advice / input . wow . he went to teach in korea ( not seoul ) . it's a small city / country town . he left on july 31st . he has been hospitalized ... thanks so much for your replies . i appreciate you guys for your input . thank you . :p roud : i also wanted to add that we had a very unstable upbringing . we were neglected and i had to take care of my ... hey guys , i have an infp brother who has been having a really hard time dealing with life . this has been going on for about 4 years before then he was doing pretty well . he had a breakdown and ... oh definitely . i think we ( enfps ) need to be aware that although we are guided by ne ... we need to know that even with all the possibilities and connections out there sometimes it's best to stop , ... honey brown / whiskey eyes . i went for an eye exam a while back and the doctor said i had whiskey eyes . is that the same as honey brown eyes ? what's the difference ? : confused : who am i ? what is my purpose ? what do i believe ? what are my needs / wants ? what do i feel / think ? am i being authentic and true to self ? . i would say when i introvert ... i am connecting with the ... good call . he was a pretty cool guy . i would personally befriend him too . : cool : - celine ( before sunrise / sunset ) i relate to her on so many levels . i feel like i am watching myself : crazy : - enid ( ghost world ) i believe the character is an intp , but i resonate with her ... hey peanut : laughing : here is the link : free jung + enneagram personality test it's the jung + enneagram test . it's has 102 questions , the extended version . ( there is also a short test if you'd ... i know two istj's and they love dogs . it depends on the person though not so much the type . : laughing : masuimi max norah jones michelle branch ... thanks for the replies . i really appreciate it ! : wink : the reason i bring this up is because i was involved with an entj guy for roughly around 3 years . we both agreed to see where it would go ... how do you show affection to someone you like ? do you verbalize them through words / gestures or both ? how should one know if an entj truly cares for them ? ? another question ... how does an ... if i had to be another type i would like to be infj , entp , intj because i like having intuition as my dominant function . sorry to hear about your friendship situations : sad : . you seem like a nice person . i hope you know not all enfp-infp dealings are like that . it could very well been a misunderstanding on both ends . i think he was an isfp with peter pan syndrome . that could effect his personality and create a fantasy / idealistic view on life . plus the teritary function in isfp's is introverted intuition which ... alex jones ' infowars : there's a war on for your mind ! what mbti type do you guys think he is ? i been thinking about it & i believe he is an enfp ... global 5 : sloan rluai ; sloan + xlux | i |; primary inquisitive ; r ( 52 % ) l ( 68 % ) u ( 58 % ) a ( 52 % ) i ( 70 % ) extroversion results were medium which suggests you average somewhere in between being assertive and ... professor farnsworth :: intp fry :: isfp leela :: enfj bender :: estp amy :: esfp zach braff - enfp : cool : zach braff ? - typology central house - entp ( wasn't sure , but either intj or entp ) beyonce ' - isfp ( not an n ! ) marilyn manson - infp johnny depp - infj ed norton - intp maynard james keenan - infj lol no worries . i can relate all too well . yeah , it's true ... it all depends on the situation . : happy : enfj extraverted feeling rules the enfj's psyche . in the sway of this rational function , ... hey caroline ... do you use your introverted intuition or extroverted feeling more ? that's how you can usually tell . '