' update from my post the other day : first please forgive me for all the typos i did not edit , so did not realize how many mistakes i made . also , i was pissed , so i just typed and sent . we have made ... no one has posted in this thread in over a year , but oh my yes i have a high sex drive . my fiance just got into a fight about it just now , that is why i looked up this thread , because i used to ... home , parks , hanging with friends in some capacity , rock climbing , karaoke places , church , cross-fit gym , and friend's houses . no matter where i am , i am also in candy land , which is what i like to ... i am ready now , let's boogy ! i do havemy own light sabre and a chubaca pez dispenser . i will also wear princess lea buns in my hair . : wink : oh i am so with you on loving nerdy things ! i love sherlock , scifi shows and adventures ! of course star wars ! : happy : hey hey fellow enfps , indeed is a fun thread idea ! oh btw .. my real name is candy , i retained that name because my mom was addicted to peppermints while prego with me . at least they did not name me ... in college when i first took it i got enfp and was excited , but questioned it a little because i am not extremely extroverted i was a mellow extrovert . the second time i took it in college still got ... so do find , that you have to be the main one to start the communication ? i noticed i do , and i don't mind at all , but just curious is this normal for an isfj ? i have dyed and cut my hair and lost a little weight since december . so i am updating my pics . 5029625029 7050297850 2986502994 falcon 5 i am not sure i can help a lot , but i do know there are women out there looking for the type of guy you are . i was on several sites , for some reason i never joined match , but i was on ... amelia , from what little i know of you , yes i can see intp . i do think november is typed correctly . : happy : i am an enfp and what it says does fit me , but what it says for enfj and infj fit me even more . : happy : enfp degree : ba in psychology and criminal justice , ma in education , was working on 3 other masters , that i did not finish because i could not make up my mind . i know classic nfp i liked the ... well i have not read all of the responses , but i will say i am appreciating all the sarcasm , which is partial proof istp's are not stupid . anyways when i read the title i was annoyed , because not ... haha , you just made me happy saying pness , i use that all the time when discussing personality . a few months back i was out eating with one of my close friends and out loud where people could hear ... well i get along great as friends with other enfps male or female . i never have dated one before though . just sunday i met a guy enfp and we click easily , and we fancy each very much so . i just ... intj isfj infj and i just wanted to update you guys . we were supposed to meet up tonight , but he came up with an excuse that smells of pure bs . he won't answer calls or texts ... alanmontap and paretocarethestare sorry did not mean to cause an argument . i will clarify i have been dating him for 6 months . also it is true i have trust issues that i would probably have with ... i am sorry that happened to you and i understand because i am becoming someone i am not in this relationship . i am not demanding nor am i pushy but i have become those things with him . don't be too ... thanks for understanding , i have expressed this with him , and he prefers not to discuss . almost like ignore it and it will go away , that is how my grand mother was . but i do plan on talking to him ... i hear you , thank you for your in put . you could be correct , you have given me something to think about . i will take what you have said with a grain of salt . i have just began talking to a life coach . it is not necessarily the beatings from my step-father but the other types of abuse i suffered from him that are in my head . i do genuinely appreciate ... i have wrestled and i currently do crossfit , i do know how to defend myself , it is not being beaten that i am afraid , it is given all of myself and it not being good enough and him moving on to ... i understand what you are saying , but once i get in a relationship i do pour myself into it completely and i open up completely as well . yes i am always thinking forward and wondering will it work ... infj okay i will get us started . i am 38 and i am very insecure in my current romantic relationship . i do love him very much , but i do have trust issues . i grew up in with a very rough childhood and was ... this not necessarily type related , i believe everyone of every type has insecurities , especially in romantic relationships . we all show them in different ways . i wanted to start this thread for ... yes i do hear a lot of that , but the one that really made me laugh was the one about being clever . my boyfriend is always asking why do you have to be so clever ? : tongue : i see infj . i am the older sister on the right ( the paler one or shall i say porcelain ) . we are equally out going she is n esfj . it is great you are trying to understand and putting in some effort ! i have learned with my so ( he is an istp ) i have to communicate all of my wants and it can be frustrating because sometimes i wish ... so can an enfp join in . 1 . i have bungee jumped 2 . i want to sky dive 3 . my middle name is dawn 4 . i enjoy many types of music , but my favorite is 80 ' s music 5 . when i was 4 my uncle told me ... * i tend to get along best with other enfps , intjs , and istps . * i fall in-like very easily , i get crushes super easy , but i do not fall in love easily . i usually walk away before that happens . ... entp 5w4 4666184666 26 in honor of missing my esfj mom who died 2 years ago here is a pic of her and i and the a pic of my niece and i , since i do not have my own child . enfp 4w5 so i am taking a couple days off work to rest and introspect . yesterday was my first day and it was well needed and helped a lot . i have ideas on how to work on the insecurity . so no worries on ... enfp-female most-xntp , intj , istp least-estj , istj , entj i can see how you would think you might have been a little negative , but i appreciate it . another quality most of us enfp's have is that we like authenticity , it is important to us . so although it ... good insights on the book , i agree it is good to learn all aspects about myself , including the not so fun bad parts of me . i also understand the letters enfp do not completely ... seriously i give speeches in my head about events that will happen and some will not . i also play movies in my head of events that could happen and what i would want to happen . oh but that crazy ... i am 38 and i agree with everything monty 82 just said . i don't kick people to the curb but i am not good at always reaching out either . but i welcome anyone who reaches out to me . i do like a lot ... ~ when you get pissed because your friend's feel like they have to explain themselves . ~ when your istp boyfriend calls someone fat an you feel bad and punch him in the arm . ~ when you jump up to get ... you rock , you gave great examples and i am sure it helped ! datepudding from reading the whole thread and seeing similarities between us , plus using intuition , i would say enfp . i hear you , i was there . i am an enfp , but my j and p are very borderline , and i like plans . not necessarily exact time or exact place where we will go , but an idea at least . my istp does not plan ... very true i do read way too much into things . i have gotten better , but a couple months ago , he said i want throw your overthinking out in the rain . it made me laugh then i said i wished we could . '