' i am an intj and i have always wondered what real entjs think of us . having been lucky enough to find an entj , i soon understood i enjoy talking to her . she is one of the few people i know whom i ... my only friend in real life once told me that i am , as a person , cruel and that she is afraid of me . she says she hates me correcting her mistakes every time . she tells me i shouldn't act as if i ... 0bl1gatory catwalk headofhudet yes , common sense does exist in the way it is defined . but my question was whether it exists in the way it is used today . i prefer to use the term common knowledge ... it is always interesting to hear other people's dreams . i also want to know how the various scenes were in detail . i think it does not exist , mostly because it is not really common . i know how you might be feeling . i too do not value things that people normally value in life . many say that i am weird because of that . some even go to the extent to saying that i am mad . i value my ... welcome to perc . i am an intj too , and i don't have many friends yet . by friends i mean people to talk to . i am most of the time lonely . i liked your introduction however . it bothers me a bit that ... morn green girl paradox 07 taking into consideration the descriptions of ni and ne that i have read , i came to the conclusion that i am a ni user . i do not use ne , and even at that time i did not ... morn let's not discuss my personality here . that is not what the thread is about . green girl , i might just be using my shadow function . tkae i find studies easy , but i have a lot of trouble in learning regional languages . i have to spend most of my time studying something that isn't worth my time . ( this too is a defense . so is it ... i cannot even go out and interact with people . in real life i have no friends . i have no wish to interact with people in the real world . thank you for your advice . it helped me a lot . going to a college is better because that would , as you said , be a wonderful experience . don't mind me say this but my physical age cannot really tell how mature i am . you might probably say that i am an arrogant intj who is like that because he always is first in class . you are right , ... i asked them to give me a chance to prove myself and they agreed to see how i perform till the school reopens . our vacations are going on right now . but now they have created an idiotic concept of ... i am in 8th grade and will be going to 9th grade soon . i do not want to go to school . that is because i think school is useless . though i go to school , i do not learn anything there . i can understand ... objectophilia . but what i feel towards my house is not objectophilia . i wonder what is weird in this though ... i thought that this is common . i have never considered this as weird . if you think that this is weird , i am actually more weird : smile : i am sure i am not an istj . i studied about this a bit and i am sure that i have no si traits . i believe it might be a ni trait though because si users probably won't be able to personify an object ... yes , absolutely okay . i like being this way . it is a lot more better than being surrounded by people . i hate being with other people , but on the internet it is alright . i have a lot of other things ... this term exists in american english too , doesn't it ? i wonder , who gave this a five star rating ? i think that this thread keeps on going off-topic ... but i appreciate everyone who replied . vunar when i said that , i meant if he would be a real person he could be able to speak . not just a wall or something like that , nor just an imaginary friend , but a real breathing person . i do ... meltedsorbet i had a similar experience with my house . i live near the sea coast . there are a lot of winds here lol as a child , i had to live here till the age of 12 because of some family ... i read it a month ago . it was enjoyable , but i don't think that it describes us so well . as i remember , one or two of them were not like me ... i don't believe that all intjs can be exactly the same ... i always do that . that is one of the best ways of improving oneself . vunar green girl terra _ i just noticed that i made a mistake in the title . this should have been the title - ' falling in platonic love with one's own house ' ; i interchanged two words as you can ... i have that problem often . i sometimes hope i had friends with the same interests , but i don't think i can socialize that well . most of the time , i think that they get bored . i hate it ... it gets ... i wonder , is it common ? i somehow really like my house , but not sexually . if i ever have to stay at any one of the other houses my family owns , i cannot hold back my tears . my house is a bit old , and ... they make me feel as if i am not an intj . they do not do us justice and paint a image of us that looks not much like us . ever seen how many people seem to hate us because of that image ? yes . i have my future planned , but not in detail . like what profession to pursue if i am unable to be successful in this one , what if i am not successful in that too , etc . things like these are ... i started to talk when i was about 2 years old . before that i could speak , but only easy to pronounce words and not sentences . i'd love to , but i am not sure if i can be of much help either . i have written some poems in what was supposed to be my native language , and so far no one has been able to give me a satisfactory ... unicornrainbows there are possibilities that he is just open to you . an intj can be emotionally expressive sometimes , but i am not sure if one can come off as warm . for example , some people say ... i don't normally give advice to people on my own . they have to ask me or i get confused whether they want help or not . i don't think it is possible for someone to be oblivious to the fact that i am ... got 5 . not at all like me . mbti = more accurate i have never believed in numerology but decided to take this for fun . now i do not even want to believe in numerology ... seems nothing but a myth . black , red , blue and white . not white that much but it always adds a sense of purity to a picture in my opinion . maybe i am wrong ... red and blue add a touch of colour along with their complementary ... when someone tells me their name , i forget it in just a minute or so . some try to degrade me by continuously asking me what their name is . i do not even remember the name of my relatives . sometimes ... what i meant was unromantic love in general , like the love you feel towards someone of your own family , so i found your reply helpful . but it could also include romantic love ... for me love was the rain that made the snow in the forest in which i was hiding melt lol but losing it now is not an option . your earlier post helped me a lot . ' ' the more we think , the more we ... i have had the same experience with my dog . i think that they may understand through our body language . fps just cannot understand us ... i once refused to one and she got angry lol i think that ... dabbling these are the facts . my fi tries to take control over my decisions , not my te . then the ti steps in and i start to think subjectively . my ni tells me that it is useless , that i won't be ... what is it and how to get out of it ? i think that i always get stuck in this loop . i begin to think in a different way . i know that i just need to bring my te back , but my thinking pattern does ... i was reading a thread in the infj forum where some claimed that emotions like love needs to be nurtured . i did not know that ! ! it is a new thought to me so i would like to hear what you have to say ... hi abhi and welcome to perc ! i joined this place just a few weeks ago and so far it has been peaceful and fun . i hope it will be the same for you . the moment i read the topic , i decided to reply ... vunar i did it on purpose to see who will read it and to prevent people from reading it who think it is a waste of time . i just wanted to see if someone is truly interested . i am really sorry if ... i use anki since its more flexible . as for remembering kanji , i think reading helps a lot . grammar is hard to understand though . it is surprising that you have heard of laputa . not many people ... thank you : smile : i use all the reliable resources i find to study . i use books most of the time . my favorite band is laputa and i like the gazette , matenrou opera and scapegoat . have you heard about laputa before ? ? ... i appreciate it that you do not find my posts boring . maybe they are not that boring ... '