' statistical inaccuracy usually involves multiple variables , unreliable sample sizes , and the misinterpretation of causation vs . correlation . for that particular ny times article i linked there are ... sweet vidalia onion is awesome , i'm currently dipping my baby carrots in it and i'm pleasantly surprised because my decision to buy it was random . do you have a favorite salad dressing ? if so , ... there's no such thing as unbiased journalism in my opinion , but that doesn't mean that the numbers they're reporting on the subject are opinions . numbers don't lie . i agree to an extent , but if some ... measuring donald trumpx 92s mammoth advantage in free media how trumpx 92s free media attention saved him $ 2 billion | money talks news he's benefited from the media over every other political ... nobody here knows you well enough to tell you what sort of education to pursue . only you can do that . it sounds to me like you need to take some time exploring what you find the most interesting out ... honestly he wouldn't be half as popular as he is now if the media wasn't up his ass every step of his political campaign . what wacky antics will trump get into next ? televised news can burn in a pit . undertale fallout 4 star wars knights of the old republic 2 star wars jedi knight jedi academy pillars of eternity planescape torment peach rings , man those things are the best . also , photorealistic physically based rendering in game engines . hellkite's undertale arrangements . heads up for spoilers !  koyaanisqatsi . great imagery . great music . it had a huge impact on the way the film industry handled cinematography and it's not hard to see why . the music really picks up at 3:36 and man , is it ... we smell like honey mustard dipping sauce . it's not really an intentional thing for me to be honest , like i don't go out of my way to let somebody know that i'm into them . especially if i don't know whether those feelings are reciprocated or ... if i send you blurry bee movie screenshots at 2 in the morning ... i'm flirting with you . very sexy . : cool : i haven't watched any anime for a looong time , not too fond of any of the recent stuff to be honest ... neon genesis evangelion cowboy bebop slayers ghost in the shell rurouni kenshin yu yu ...  this is still the funniest video on the internet to me . as a child i had absolutely no filter when it came to speaking my mind . as a kindergartner i got in trouble for belting the lyrics to george thorogood's one bourbon , one scotch , one beer . my ... really been in an idm mood for the past couple of days .  undertale & louis theroux documentaries i've got a few ongoing projects at the moment . one of the projects i'm working on with a small team is an exploration and puzzle based video game in ue4 about a single mother in rehab who's ...  one of my roommates is an intj and the other is an entp and i find that i prefer the company of the entp . the intj is fun to diss stuff with but she grates on my nerves sometimes with her incredibly ... 4872344872 42 that time in college when i had to make a pyramid out of insulation foam and my dorm room looked like a home depot winter wonderland . also the selfie from my profile . not an entj but i'm really excited to see a thread about undertale on here ! it's such an interesting game . even if you're not particularly emotional when it comes to the characters , it has a way of ... kung fury was a work of art . 1 . the hunchback of notre dame and the original fantasia ( 1940 ) 2 . intp 3 . 5w6 i identify as an atheistic jew . i have really strong jewish roots but i was never pressured to attend any sort of religious function in my life and i appreciate my parents for that , they let me form ... the ending scene from gattaca really resonated with me . posted the video as well because the music is amazing .  it's just different . undertale spoilers . i usually listen to music without lyrics , most of them are terrible and mean nothing to me . i don't want to connect with what i'm listening to on a really personal level , music is one of the few ... 485298 zbrush sculpt of boba fett based on his 1313 concept art . this is a wip ! i'm still in the process of detailing the sculpt and retopologizing the hard surface parts . what is up with this ... photorealistic rendering in game engines = unf . nice ! i didn't even know there was a debate forum around here ... love your icon by the way . lindsay female ga , usa i've been outside the country twice to australia / new zealand and china . i'm looking into moving to vancouver after college , though . 21 personal ( ity ) ~ intp . known ... hello there ! hope you're able to find what you're looking for around here . i could go for a burrito right about now . :P hi ! 21 yr old game design student here . it feels good to be getting back into forums , i haven't had much experience with them since my gaiaonline and neopets days . you seem swell ! hope you're able find what you're looking for from here , wishing you the best . my ex used to call me cute whenever i got upset about something . it always rubbed me the wrong way and made me feel like he didn't take me seriously . but at the same time , my emotionally challenged ... a red panda . shy and sleepy . aside from the internet ? not sure . i don't really leave my house unless i'm running errands or going to class . i've never met another intp in real life . memes . '