' conclusion by vague confirmation bias . lazy , self-serving ... could definitely be a young entp definitely an s . an n would have found the letter somewhere on this page and copy / pasted it . for future reference you can also use alt codes , but must use the number pad . g = alt - 71 and g = alt - 103 ... yes i would ... probably : | yes , because we live in a society and i understand that not everyone ( ok , few ) function the same way that i do . however , i do trend toward giving people what they need , not what they want . some want ... anyone can show me someone elses boobs . also , achievements are over-rated ; it's the pursuit that motivates life . the best things always remain * just * out of reach , while always giving you just enough ... and you sound like every person on social media who doesn't understand an argument , has no intelligent response , and hopes random accusations make you look observant somehow . now if you don't mind , ... 621018 it gets more interesting when you bounce between the observations of the many engaged witnesses . observing is fun , but i'm ready to move on from this specific subject as well . suggestions ? istp's are prepared to die for their poor choices , because they can never admin when they made a bad decision . he knows he looks like an idiot troll , but cant / wont stop because that is too like ... banned for what ? he's not hurting anyone here , and is kind of cute with his desperate need for validation . he reminds my of bentley . just too cute , yes he is . woof . ... isn't he though ? those eyes ... is it ok if i don't read the thread ? istps have a strong need for recognition and appreciation , but they are loath to admit it . it bothers them when we get all of the attention because people find us ... gerontophilia ; i'm not afflicted . they should've used yanet garcia . funny you say that . i wanted hrc to win , but kept trying to convince those who didn't hated trump , but didn't like hrc that if they didn't vote trump would win . given all of their responses , both to ... predictable , as usual . not just you , people in general . quoting and mentioning the same person in the same post is usually redundant . not usually , but i creeped you and could definately be convinced . not this again . they are already great . in fact , i reject arguments out hand that they could be greater ( general speaking ) . i don't know , she has me feeling slitherin yup , people ( especially ... critical thinkers without mental health issues are rarely triggered . could just be me ; i have my own issues . not in person , no one here anyway . there were few surprises in this election , for ... even kids operating websites out of their parents basements provide a secure logon . it's kind of embarrassing really . best advice is to use a throw away email address , don't include personal ... desthro , seriously , put a shirt on ffs ;) stay the course , you sound to be developing fine . fi isn't easy , but you're are examining your thoughts and feelings , which is a great start . councilors , if you have access to one , are great for ... again , that doesn't follow at all . you're all over the place . of course others think differently , are working from a different set of knowledge , have different goals , come to different conclusions . i ... that doesn't follow at all , but i understand you are just grasping at straws . to the world . the econimists listed him being president as one of the top threats to the world economy . he will increase hatred at home and hatred of americans and the west in general across the ... and this is fine if you don't care who wins between hillary & trump . if you don't care which one wins or loses , if you aren't significantly more terrified of a trump presidency then hillary , then i ... you don't really believe that with this is an original thought , do you ? people have idealistically been throwing their votes away like this for over 100 years and it has achieved absolutely nothing ... you're a wet dream come true for a whore . i mean attention whore . i mean troll . i mean lonely , frustrated , angry , brat . i mean kingofearth , which i'm sure isn't an over-compensation for a lack of any ... he's just a childish troll , not even a good one . he might grow out of it , but i personally aren't even interested in what has occurs in his life to make him so bitter . there's always a reason people ... yes , i do it quickly and easily . by myself i don't put a lot of thought into it , but when demonstrating / teaching i'll be very precise while i articulate the actions . it's not that hard really , but ... ok , the truth is that most of the problems i've had in life can be attributed to my stubbornnes , lazyness , and many excuses about why i wouldn't do it a way more likely to work out better . my last ... how do you think we discover proven methods ? give me just enough for it to start to make sense , i'll get excited about it , then i'll jump in head first and see if i prove it for myself . the more ... my horse stands too high , the fall is too far . i might not survive next time . in truth , this is probably just something i've convinced myself of and am much happier for doing so . i can only ... don't get me started . seriously , for the love of all that's good and natural , dont . ever . get me . started . again . please ? i'd rather except christ as my saviour . i could see that . i might even resemble some of it . there's a bit of a difference though , i don't focus on protecting the victim , i focus on putting the bully in their place . i can see why you would ... i'll avoid suggesting an even stronger possibility of actual narcissism , but they do it too , and would respond exactly like you did here when confronted ; pleading ignorance of the outcomes of their ... i wasn't offering an opinion , i was speaking objectively and with a basic understanding of human phycology . there are exceptions , but what you specifically described is common anti-social behaviour ... common behaviour for insecure , unconfident people . they have a desire to excert power over people , but don't really have any in their life , and more often than not have been victimized in some way ... #unsubscribe you aren't so bad , entps are generally a pain in the ass , but in different ways than intps . i definitely like working with most of you , as you are more competent than most other types ... he has half-baked , short sighted policies at best . his platform is totally based on hate , national pride , ignorance and trust me , i'm not a politician . i sincerely don't believe any candidate is as selfish as trump . as for a 20 % as opposed to 2 % , we'll if you get that you'all have a trump presidency . may the universe have mercy on your remaining ... if you think that hillary is as bad as trump , and are indifferent to which of them becomes your president , then the whole conversation is a waste of time . i say this without judgement of whether you ... you did before , or after i mentioned it ? no dont answer . i love the typical entp entrance : < find old duscusion , decide to enter > nope . now everyone else sit back while i explain to you why you're ... game , race , whatever ; no need to be pedantic . besides , many aspects of game theory do apply to politics . voting anternative is a great way to achieve smug righteousness in ones unwillingness to ... you qualifications are self referectial . to be able to do the job you must be able to do the job ... ? not very insightful at all . also ... ... mysogeny is a very strong word . trump's borderline , but most of america is only sexist . that different . do you realize that you just quoted and replied to a comment that is over 6 years old ? are some people seriously deluded enough to believe that he has the best interest of all americans at heart and is not just self righteous entitled prick ? trump tax records obtained by the times ... user name and type check out . '