an online test told me i was the reincarnation of te lawrence . surely we can fit that one in , right ? im goin on a marhc cos i want britan to be about british * bows * u wan me to bring the pain ? i bring 2 bags and dogs come on biys and girls the gig is up pack up your pots and pans got me eye on u son ... no funny busines ... gonnacome down lk an arctic dragon ... d toothbrush bristles always fall on the ground like the rarest snow ... i feel for your speed brushing my friend . u all ded sonny jim i'm an infp disguised as an entp . esfj confirmed your username is ' eraoftea ' and you used the word ' nifty ' . i like you already . y-you know our secret ? ! guys , sound the alarms - they're onto us ! on a related note , my youngest sister once told me i had the soul of a flower . however , she did go on to tell me i actually had ... u smel cuttin me real deap :'( aight these are from my 21st birthday yesterday . : smile : 348450 3484 58 plus bonus picture of me as a small child which was dragged up due to said 21st birthday . 348466 it's me , i'm the perfect infp , you can all stop searching now ... : wink : aw m8 bringin tha lads owt on tha lash gonna av it large beautiful horse the cheekiest of the grans is back in town with double the banter m8 sup noobs i was born readymade . i royally decree that all citizens of spamenia have the right to clean , easily accessible spam and that any persons who deny others this right to others shall be detained in the support and ... i've been here for four years and i've only just got enough posts to be a vip member . if spam posts were counted i'd probably be a cafe legend by now . well all the answers are in my sig i knew it , just knew it ... solidarity , sister ! i can't remember what i used to set my mood as , but i know it was 100 % certified edgy . but he's still dead though . haha guys , i only made this thread because i wanted to jump onto the ' make a spam thread about wellsy ' bandwagon . we've had some jokes . : happy : my fave art m8 im a parrot that was the sneakiest i've ever been in this thread . dat atmospheric picture is well nice . :D oh wellsy ... he was a gud egg :'( 225962 me likey dis the attachment made the original image so small :'( oh good , i was headed there anyway vere are mein party pants ? : o i now know what i've been missing all these years . - 85 . wow . marry me i like ... vegetables ... : wink : sometimes you have to resort to more unconventional methods ... its my real face u scrub i've found the mecca ... i've kinda neglected this thread , oops ! i've read all your responses and will probably reply at some point , as there's some good points / advice being posted in this thread . just writing this stuff ... i turned 20 this year , and recently i've been thinking over where i'm going in life , etc etc . one thing that stands out is how far behind and childlike i feel compared to my peers . while i'm headed ...