' that was so legit ! billet doux thank you for sharing , a hard read but i bet a hard write . cheers for sharing your story . i hope you are okay and that life is giving you more happiness to work with ! dead thread i know , but can i ask how you fellas contended / fared with your enfj / infp relationships ? i have just met an enfj and its kind of killing me ! in a good unnecessary love / hate kind of way , ... thanks for all the gaming input guys ! i've started my course this week and i'm all settled in , so it'd be nice to chill now and play some games . i'll hit you a message after the weekend of games ! ;) ... nice ! i am just here now , took a few days off gaming ( moving towns ) . woohoo ! levels here i come ? p . s what is double materia raising and where do i get some ? :D ty ty ! i'm sure as long as there isn't the scary desperation i'm really depressed or on drugs smile , you'll be fine . approach these ' different ' type of people the way you want them to approach you ... with ... that's what i mean , i didn't even mean for all this to happen ! haha ! i didn't wanna get on the boat , but i zoned out kinda ... and then poof , i was there :P i need to rethink my attention sometimes ... i only started playing a few days ago . i'm level 17 just hopped off the boat and had my first encounter with sephiroth . he was being his general bad ass self , you know . although i wasn't aware i was ... why'd they have to include so many idealists as characters ? they're hard people to type ... as an idealist myself i'd pave my way through an idea and try to live it as closely as possible till i ... a great read ! i just started playing ffvii again last night . schwweeet ! bring back the memories and reminiscent times ^ ^ an old thread ... but a worthy one at that . imagine if cloud had the ... ah , and i guess coincidentally its also the curse of being an infp eh . sometimes its so difficult finding another to see eyes to eyes with ! in relationships and everyday life ^ ^ mrinfj and it ended ? if it were so good ; there was no follow through ? 3 years later , how'd you go friendo ? ^ ^ ha ! i had this exact thought yesterday , i was pondering something and i noticed i tilt my head to the right quite often when pondering . i'm not sure what it means but , cool ! a lot of my favourite actors are entp's . if you're considering it , go for it , i think any type can achieve success in it , as long as you're determined and are serving the art and craft rather than ... never get to eat anything pleasant ever again , i'm a male ;) i eat to survive ha ! would you rather be deaf of blind ? his book is a hard read , but i tell you that it is damned worth while . often that's the case though , metaphorically , right ? in difficult ideas we often find great truths . there's a certain amount ... just carryin ' some water , y'know ! not to pour too much of my heart and soul into this , quoting dead gentlemen with profound words and the like , it'd be a quick , worthy and good mention to bring up c . s lewis ' novel named ' the four ... describes me well , but my enneagram type 4 changes a few things up a bit , as i'm sure it does to most . but as a guideline i'd say it was accurate . be buried alive , silly ! if i loved them the most , it'd be of such a great love due to my loving nature , that i'd have to be crazy to bury them ! well i'm feeling , curious ;) ... would you rather ... luna well , i'm infp and type 4 ;) its the most common combination , i scouted a thread somewhere on here in the polls where this was reviewed and it proved true ( as valid as the tests were or were ... lune haha no incredulous outrage from mwah . if you haven't seen it , you haven't seen it ! its a good film , though . brad pitts abs are sexy , helena bonham carters trashy good lookin ' , ed norton's a ... lune we cook your meals , we haul your trash , we connect your calls , we drive your ambulances ... we're the all singing , all dancing crap of the world . ;) ... hope you get my reference , otherwise ... albertjr katy linsao welcome aboard ! its unlikely you'll meet many fellow infp's in the real world , so welcome aboard the forums full of infps ! :D that video was awesome , i looked into alphaville after that , and i had to watch it over and over .. sooo good ;) oh , i'm not joining ... it's up ! register and all that , and you're in ! i know right ? does anyone else daydream them into a fictionalized version of what really is ? gasp .. i still don't know if this is a good thing ( because its so enjoyable ) or a bad thing . i bet you're beautiful in many aspects , some people have chemistry more with other people , if chemistry is lacking , its probably something out of your control . hope i'm not presumptuous here but ... bravo , bravo . :D i'm so very intrigued now ! * scouting this thread * ;) very grateful eyenexepee .. and this isn't even for me :D thanks lunar ;) i'm aware of its potential downfalls , its a problem sure but i'll deal with it :D despite being dubbed as the sensitive or caring type , sometimes i just want to tell people to shutup . especially when their problems are easily resolvable or self induced . i've thought i might be ... well its nice to know you're certain of the preferences for introversion , and sensing . i'd definitely say no to an infp , look at all the work you've put into this ... i'd say you're a thinking , or ... dreamer 777 awesome cheers ! i will do , and thanks for being open to people who're willing to learn ;) question : is this group open to people who've felt they have some form of connection but never knew which direction to take ? ... newbies on religion , faith , the bible ? also , which direction would ... thread revive ? daniel day lewis marlon brando dustin hoffman heath ledger joaquin phoenix .. and sometimes johnny depp . for the actresses : oh boy what a cufuffle ! :D you see those 1 % and 6 % and 12 % ? its possible you're doing what i did over and over and over again .. and not answering with enough preference in decision making ! like ... saweet , let me know how it works out for you ! why not try take the test answering all of the things you wouldn't do / think ? i think it was holly that introduced this idea to the perc community . dunno ! sorry i don't have the time to read all ... tamweh cheers for that man , really . its hard to think that i can allow myself to be judgemental , and often when people are pricks i often take it as my wrong doing , its nice just hearing some ... i was ... very popular , and to tell the truth i don't know how that happened . i suppose it was because i hated bullying and i was naturally strong which earned me points among the .. victimized kids ... oh i totally agree , i remember when i first came on here , a confused man of sorts still trying to figure it all out , i posted on the welcome infp ! thread , and it said i had replies , and by the time i ... i started scrolling through these and in the first few pages i was scared it was going to derail offtrack and you mightn't get anywhere ! but i checked the last fifteen or so pages , and its good to ... oh and here's me .. i often use it as a profile picture , because somehow i always manage to dodge pictures so there aren't actually too many pictures of me . i think more often than not , i'm usually ... - i love this , i don't care how long ago you posted it , i just did enjoy it so ! ;) and orangeappled - i've seen you post frequently throughout the forums , its nice to finally put a face to the ... gawsh i loved this . what i also loved was how everyone was elaborating so frequently in the comments as well . thanks a ton to everyone for clearing it up ! i really wish selena was still active to hear me say how very grateful i am that she took the time to write this . if she ever does revisit the site and the page , from all of us , lonely , quiet , fun , ... you really have to get out of your head and just do ... i empathize unfortunately , and i spent far too much time pondering ideas and thoughts that it became an absolute fantasy .. and what's ... tis a goal of mine as an infp - be more disciplined ... read more , focus , focus damnit ! - _ - haha , garrr ! ! ! '