' i'm and enxp ( stronger f ) and my gf is intj . we love each other dearly . in fact , my intentions are to marry her . she is the ideal woman . she is not boring at all , dear . go get your enfp . if anything ... i'm happy to announce that , again , i have a renewed feeling of inspiration and influence . it comes in the work and , particularly more so , in the words of radio journalist and t . v . personality paul ... i look forward to december 2nd of this year . this past weekend i was informed that i could pick up and submit and an application to a bible school i have wanted to attend for 3 years now . i ... yo , second thought , though this is about mood and music , might as well merge these posts with the main what are you listening to now ? thread . here's some stuff ... passion pit ... major lazer ft . nina sky - - keep it goin ' louder nasa ft . kanye west - - gifted  bingo ... this performance moves me . i'm in love with this woman . ( lol ) here's another of her with main man andrea bocelli ... love it . ...  crystal castle ft . robert smith of the cure - - not in love post what songs have been stuck in your head or what you are currently listening to ... update this thread as much as you'd like . include artist names and titles . a video too , if there is one . let's ... you know this makes no sense , right ? i would say not political . i could formulate an opinion which would be somewhat likened with a conservative type view but all in all , despite specific talking points of either party ( republican or ... god i love that avatar . ( lol ) youtube.com shoryuken.com eventhubs.com tekkenzaibatsu.com deviantart.com pandora.com hulu.com ( to watch the dailyshow , colbert report , and various animes ) 8wayrun.com wikipedia.com ... hmm ... i think what you're sensing is somewhat accurate . it's a possibility he could actually be doing both though . i take it he does find you interesting being entps do like people . it's safe to say ... i went to visit harry . an elderly man who is a born again to see how he has been . he's not necessarily shut in , he's in a wheel chair and he has a scooter , but he's not well and i like to talk to ... i like both but personally i prefer coffee . attribute it to my hispanic culture . : lol : that is pretty dang awesome there , sir . i had a 3w2 result . i've recently rediscovered that i was an enfp . now , previously i was entj , but always found i closely identified more so with the entp and enfp descriptions , so retaking the tests and answering more ... that's like the third time i've read this p90x . : lol : googling it out of curiosity . whoa ... the mod's here do not play . anyway , day 12 ( last day ) falls in on the 27th . at that point i'll weigh myself , see where i'm at . in my sig's myself back when i was in my early twenties at probably close to 150 lbs.http :/ / forums.ratehispanic.com/images/smilies/th_redface.gif see ? that's just the thing ... you can take the intellectual approach , but all that counting and having to be conscientious of what you eat's too much . i ain't got time for all that personally . ( no ... now ... i expect that i will lose 1 to 1 1/2 pounds every two days . so with 10 days left that's max 7.5 lbs more ... well , only one way to know for sure . gotta stick to it . update : two things ... one , i did something i told myself not to do and that was i weighed myself before the the end of day 14 . i'm not one to get really discouraged but i don't wanna risk it ... okay , so i finally decided on a diet to go on , y'all ... i made a combo of two . don't know if it'll be as effective as i want , but just the changes in eating habits in itself should prove good ... i'm ... woman above me's heated , son ! ... okay . i officially had given up on this months ago . i am now taking it to drastic measures . crash diet , son . kudos to your cpt . mcjeffy . gonna give it a shot . ;) lol , yeah why not ? fancy drinker , ey ? you're a two can sam ? ahhhh ! had i been there , i would have been laughing my behind off ! i would ... you got the hots for the infp , don't you ? you coveting ? ooooh ... lmao . that was my first alcoholic beverage ... coke & cpt . that sounds mad gay , but i'd try it ! like when i first ordered a drink at a restaurant , all my boys ordered strong drinks like soco ( southern ... yooo ... smirnoffs are good . i don't care if they're female drinks . green apple's my shizz . i heard gray goose gets you mad f * cked up . that might be good straight ... never tried it . i went to this club last summer . had two straight ... what's a blue pucker bomb ? ... ain't much a drinker . you gonna have to fill me in , son ... seriously my dude , vodka straight is nasty crap , homie.http :/ / forums.ratehispanic.com/images/smilies/eusa_sick.gif you got that ... kudos to you , eclair . you know us ricans be speaking that slang spanish ! rest of the spanish speaking world mocks us ... i speak english and spanish . i would say my mother tongue is spanish being i was born in puerto rico but i've lived in the states too long . i think and dream in english , so that'd be the language i'm ... lol ... of course . that mix taste any good ? i'd give it a shot . could you mix just about any tea ? and what brand of cough medicine ? ... on the real , i love me long island ice teas . i don't generally like alcohol . i drink it once in a while . i like beers more than liquors honestly , but a long island just gives me that relaxed ... rosa acosta i freakin ' love this woman ! i want a chick like her so bad . : crying : lol ... nah , but she's good , man . i'm very charming in my own way and people can feed off my energy ─ i'm super charismatic . i'm not always the life of the party , but i'm that dude . once i'm your friend , i'll have you like i didn't ... all these snow storms had me stuck in the house and even after some cleared , stuck in a rut--i gained some weight back , i'm sure . ( haven't weighed myself ... don't feel like gettin ' heated . ): angry : that sir , was awesome ! but i can completely agree on the bit where being involved in a relationship where you ' try ' one another , and refuse to quit , can make you grow leaps and bounds but as i am ... '