' when healthy threes go to six , they become committed to others and in doing so find more of value to affirm in themselves . their love for another , paradoxically , creates more value within themselves ... cursedkitten occupy yourself with things when you're alone , you can do plenty of fun things without people . you just need to find things you can enjoy by yourself , so that when you are alone ... i was worried i was . your appearance gives off ni vibes . i will send a long wall of text that goes into detail between introversion and extroversion , to which i hope it will clarify if you're enfp or infp . extroversion is focused on objects and ... you can't delete threads , you can only close them down which means a moderator will disable people from posting in here . but do not worry , just keep this here , it will be inconvenient to remake ... i don't have imaginative interviews but i will have imaginative scenario conversations where if i want to say something to someone i'll first play the conversation in my head , and i also have pretend ... i don't understand what you're trying to imply or gather . this has literally nothing to do with mbti . conclusion ; misleading and clickbait title . take this to a sex & relationship forum , not ... kiss : 3w2 marry : 6w5 bed : 8w7 2w3 , 5w6 , 7w8 . kiss : 3w4 marry : 1w9 bed : 2w1 9w8 , 4w3 , 1w2 . since you gave me no types ; kiss : n / a marry : n / a bed : n / a to spice things up i will use enneagram types because let's be honest here , the mbti types are getting stale as of late . 1 , 5 , 8 . your title is misleading since it doesn't match with your op . roseflower 217 age doesn't imply maturity , time spent being mature implies maturity . you could be 30 and still act like an infant . mbti is a tool that attempts to understand cognition in ... incorrect , it's just emphasized that the type finds it's tertiary function fun as it's surprising since it is a weak function and they often dislike it when others display this function too much , ... dominant : fun . auxiliary : fun . tertiary : fun . inferior : fun . actually the smell reminded me of my grandpa's house . close , but no cigar . isfp : hi , this is me internally talking to myself . istp : hi , this is me internally talking to myself . infp : hi , this is me internally talking to myself . intp : hi , this is me internally talking to ... don't , just don't . well obviously it would be se and si , since ne and ni never get sex . the real question should be ; ne & ni experiencing sex ? . rational arguments , someone needs to tell those simple minded degenerates a thing or two . fi is not a living being . misunderstood in the sense that those who misunderstand it never learnt it in the first place , those who did learn about fe do not misunderstand fe . a brilliant man who makes very informative videos on mbti which helps people to further understand mbti without having the need to sit down and read massive walls of text to only find out you barely ... stating probabilities in here is hip , so i'll decide to state certainties because following the crowd was so last summer . you are intj . how would i know ? kiss : entp marry : estp bed : esfp . infj , intp , estp . kimochi her final words , literally . it would be ghey , but alas this platform doesn't support higher intellect personality types . not every sensor was born an earth type :( i cry about this a lot , why can't my astrology sign match my personality ? ! why must i suffer with this ? ! why ? ! but nothing changes after this cry , i must ... my star sign is gemini , moon sign is leo and ascendant sign is libra . can i be a feeler type now ? pretty please . all these people i've never met before , this will be tricky . short answer ; how would i know . don't want to parade all over your method ... but it's incorrect . for me i don't have conversation starters since if someone wants to know what their type is then they come to me and we discuss , ... estj , purple . depends how long you freeze them for . you have permission to try state what type i am in your opinion , however i will not change my type due to your opinion ; just for clarification . enneagram type w / wing : 3w2 ( using johns test please ) top 3 mbti types : 1 . 33 % estj 2 . 19 % istj 3 . 11 % esfj there's different ways to lead , if we're talking about being bossy and in control , then it would be entp , tho neither of them are like that . entps like to lead one way , and enfps like to lead other ... personally to say i'm estj and a type 3 i do not spend all my days working or being as productive as the eyes of society would like me to be and also as my types label me as . i spend most of my time ... kiss : intp . marry : esfj . bed : isfp . entj , enfp , isfp . quite , probably , perhaps , maybe , indefinitely ; although yes . yes . i have no idea , i have forgotton who everyone is . yes . parents are te and fe users . siblings are te and fe users . oh no . brightflashes 1 . type 5 tendencies . 2 . type 9 tendencies . 3 . sp tendencies . 4 . ne . 5 . n / a . - - - i've learnt that i have a type . this is better understood with enneagram and instinct variants ; however i suspect low sensing might play a big role in this . sx types as well as type 3s are probably the types of people who care ... gromkaka hello friendly infp . '