' why do people who listen to old songs / artists have to be such elitists jerks . hurrdurr music todai sux purrdurr - study statistics - buy new strings for guitar - go for a jog - buy alcohol for the weekend hello and welcome fellow enfp ! bon iver is one of my favorite artists , what's yours ? political science . been interested and active in politics since i've been 14 years old . but it took me a long time before i choose political science . i studied to become a nurse for one and a half ... today i was at a café after work and studying / reading for some hours . come there tomorrow and i'll be there again . unless its early in the morning on a weekend , yes i will be there in time . had 2 of these interactions within some hours like 3-4 days ago . still avoid people and acts passive and insecure . i've been studying some statistics and will be able to work with it when i graduate . i must say that it is really fun since you apply math to something , and not just straight doing equation after ... the holy three of my thanks ; 1 . thank for giving me a new perspective of the discussion and made me think . 2 . you are enfp , i am enfp . have some imaginary internet-points because we are ... been playing soccer semi-pro and played icehockey , wrestling , tennis , long distance running and bandy as other sports during my 18 years as active in sports as a kid . now i mostly enjoy playing ... i just learned that even though i love running , i absolutely suck at it . poor lung-control at every distance i try . here's my top artists from lastfm . feels like i'm a kid that needs babysitting every hour of the day or hell will break loose . i even get bored being alone when i'm trying to sleep . i just realized that i can't explain to other people why i do certain life decisions and why i love certain things . why i study and what i wanna work with , why i love to listen to dylan and play ... social democrat i play guitar , bass guitar and ukulele . my passion is music . 2-3 passive-aggresive is a huge energy-sink that only makes you an asshole in my view . hi and welcome jack . you should be in for a treat ! welcome purevirgodreamer . hufflepuff masterrace ! ! welcome tsukine . what game do you like to play ? why ancient egypt , is it something about that makes it extra cool ? flowerpot 92 haha that was a great movie ! i remember watching smith on the news some years ago when he died now when you linked him . sad death for a songer with such a talent . ... breaking bad true detective south park suits house of cards wow thanks ! that was an amazing song . i've heard cat stevens before and thought he was meh , but this song was awesome . playing it on the guitar now :D thanks for that awesome song ! ! ... thanks ! do you know me or something , cause you just posted one of my favorite artists :D lets do this back-to-back and let me send you another song with another of my favorite artists : ... just for my lovely friend i give : i love all of john mayers albums . one of my absolute favorite artists besides bob :) even the biggest ... awesome cover every time i doubt myself and what i try to become , i just listen to these true words of joe rogan and bryan callen . 100 % of all haters are unrealized potential when you see something great ... kinda weird and scary song but i like it anyway if that makes any sense haha . jag gillar folk , singer-songwriter , rock , indie och acoustic , inklusive : bob dylan , pearl jam , john mayer , jeff buckley , bon iver , håkan hellström , bruce springsteen , eddie vedder , johnny cash , the ... i'm great ! spring is showing its best sides and i really enjoy my time right now . how about you ? hi and welcome ! welcome and enjoy your stay ! welcome and enjoy your stay !  hi larke from another 4w3 enfp :D go see the enfp-forum , we would to get to know you there . banned for making me craving coffee with your avatar . hi and welcome fellow guitarplayer . hello and welcome ! hi and welcome ! hello and welcome jadaxx i love football / soccer . liverpool fc is my favourite team and it's hard explaining why you love a team that change most the squad from year to year . but it feels like being in love . i met liverpool ...  justin vernon is a genius the only way for me that works is to cold turkey the ex . yes you can have a healthy friendship with your ex after your breakup , but not right after the breakup . you need to make yourself happy and ... no need to feel useless ! i have changed my academic career two times and now reading political science ( i hope 3 is the magic number ) and i still get that feeling you are describing about not feeling ... bob dylan - listen to him , reading all his biographys , watching all movies with / about him reading eating healthy '