' overall ( i . e . encompassing political , religious , and metaphysical beliefs ) i consider myself an anarcho-absurdist , in order to refer solely to my religious beliefs i call my self anti-theistic the ... in what way do we become obnoxious ? granted that there are several elements of entp behavior ( or anyone's behavior ) that could be considered obnoxious but there in lies the problem , define your terms . i've always gotten along quite well with estps , though i have fairly well developed se for an entp . i get along quite well with esfjs , except my father , we're friendly enough , and even work together , ... i usually don't have problems with most types , but , not to be typist or rely on stereotypes , istjs just never seem able to handle me , and i'm pretty sure it's the si . i'm a very non-traditional ... pure ne john zorn john cage steve reich penderecki stravinsky luigi russolo radicalism 91.25 socialism 37.5 tenderness 40.625 i am 22 and primarily concerned with novel ideas . i don't know that i want to investigate them so much as create them , but i investigate science and the avant garde and philosophy so i can see ... nothingness is the greatest gift life has to give . the fact that we come from nothing and return to nothing means that everything that happens to us along the way is a net positive for the time being ... i'm into experimental , noise rock , psychedelic , rock and indie , including : times new viking , black moth super rainbow , ty segall , mercury rev , the flaming lips , the pretty things , can , the ... my creative process is very spontaneous , more than a little improv oriented , but my medium ( film ) is very technical and requires preparation and planning before each shot ( on some level , often ... immortality and / or pariental distortion or whatever the creative power noiseyk as in noisey + k boom boom liberalist , pacifist , culturist kids in the hall that mitchell and webb look peep show parks and rec 30 rock teen wolf ( come at me ) arrested development andy richter controls the universe spaced flcl i had heard this too , yet i am pretty average in height and weight . i if there is any correlation between body type and personality type it will be one of the most tenuous connections , as there are ... i gave it a 2 , then a 3 , then a 2 again my best friend in intp and the type i most romantically desire is intp . we have an odd relationship , especially since he's pretty into entps . we're basically soul mates but without the mating part lol film student and i love it i'm into psychedelic , garage rock , 60s , rock and indie , including : boards of canada , black moth super rainbow , times new viking , the flaming lips , boredoms , ty segall , mercury rev , the octopus ... you're in control just like a child - madonna that line has always peeved me . everyone in attendance to my funeral will be handed a box of tissues and a vial of fake tears , for use during the services . i haven't decided where it'll be held yet , probably a theater . my obituary ... how the hell do i make more boxes ? noisey 7w8 4w5 8w9 sx / so i have never in my life shut up for one solitary second and i never plan to . how dare you suggest that i should meet the needs of others when they are so obviously inferior to myself . no one in the ... this is exactly accurate for me lol hmmm , your roommate sounds pretty interesting . he's probably pretty hot too . maybe you should respond every once in a while and he won't have to carry on by himself . also , he's probably trying , but ... circles i guess first thing i noticed was the circle on the door and the cirlcle the dog is holding and the circle base on the dog , and i was thinking about dots cause of the reset and circles ... i'm gonna replace the opposite with any and agree with bigtex up there . never lived with entp , closest was intp but he was straight and we'd been friends for a long time so we just read douglas ... woo psychedelics ! ! ! i'm mostly a weed / acid person , but i wanna try shrooms and dmt and pretty much any other psychedelic . best thing ever is combining weed , acid , and alcohol ... good times . i would definitely say that i tend to be the most aware of the abstract elements of the environment around me , but the minor details and physical elements can escape me , unless they are relevant to ... benevolent creator description was pretty damn accurate too lol what not to like about a duo of gay entps ? that sounds like the best thing ever . what emotions did you talk about ? i need more information ! ... always ... i feel that i remove all of my ' nice guy ' boundaries was the best description so far so much mad in this thread . did you consider that maybe some of them agreed with your logic but shied away from your side because you came on a little strong or were perhaps a little mean / tactless ? ... when i'm writing i usually pace rapidly while dictating to someone on the computer who types it out for me . personally , i like the co-dependence of it , but i'm sure there are plenty of entps that ... while i do enjoy meeting new people , it isn't something i actively seek out . i have a small group of friends that i am very close to . i enjoy understanding people , and therefore would rather put lots ... i've been told that my humor is very similar to douglas adams . my musical tastes are similar to matt groening . 1 : i can not stand being alone , i mean , i'd rather be alone than with someone who was really boring , but they'd have to be really boring , i've always had a few very very close friends , and then lots ... so many libertarians are quite naive . i have the moral and political sense of a leftist libertarian , because i believe in lots of freedom for people , but am anti-corporation and would give less ... i think you may have taken young a little too literally . the few entps i know irl and myself have always discussed that we got along better with adults as children , because they were more ... i know there is a tendency for sjs to be more traditionalistic / conservative , and i know entps have a stereotype of anarchistic tendencies / desire to defy social norms and would logically be more ... i would do as many things as physically possible . honesty i'd probably flip out . it would get pretty manic ... you love a thing because you hate it , and hate a thing because you love it . you've never really been young , but you've always acted like it . most of these response i would totally agree with . i use music , when i can . humor is a constant sand i have to say , i've always had a knack for entertaining myself , often those around me as well . get ... i wanna know what happens when you take both pills ... i dunno about the rest of you entps , but i feel like if we could get the freaks to join the stoners , and invent some sort of jesus and meth repulsion system , we'd have a pretty awesome place ... they do value innovation quite highly , but i get the feeling that they value tradition just as much , plus they seem pretty strict . but if there was one country that would fit into the entp typing , ... i don't think i could ever only listen to one band , maybe for like a day or two , but i'd have to really force myself . however , if i did , it would probably be mercury rev , black moth super rainbow , ... '