' i was just scrolling through instagram pics and had a sudden and long overdue epiphany : it's the dishonesty that annoys me so much . the hypocrisy . the we're family so i have to say i love you to ... this premature post spurred on by 5 weeks of almost total lack of sunlight .  dystopian societies and anything future-oriented are considered sci-fi . however , ' fantasy ' - - which i really don't like - - is also under the sci-fi heading at amazon , so it's probably at least a ... i had that issue a few months ago after i posted a picture as a link , i think , even after i deleted my post . eventually the pages started showing again . you could talk about things that already interest her rather than trying to come up with a topic of your own . ask her about what she's working on or ask her to discuss something she's reading . i think anyone has the right to ask whatever they want . i mean , that is the name of the thread and intent of the thread as i understand it . that doesn't , however , imply that every asker will get ... i'm seriously considering quitting a job that's been making me miserable for several years too many already ... without another job lined up . oy . maybe it's finally time to take a chance and become ... sci-fi is my favorite genre ( book , movie , tv show ) . there are so many things i'd like to do , if only my body would cooperate . : frustrating : i voted no . even though the conditions were / are adequate for life to exist , almost ( if not ) all forms of life continue to evolve , so to me it isn't ' perfect ' , unless ideal is an ever-changing state ... i used to serve as basically a therapist to several friends , and at some point with each of them , it did get to be intolerable . the same issues kept coming up , and then i'd hear the same complaints , ... relationship-wise , no , i rarely say anything . it's usually counterproductive to even suggest something is ' off ' to someone in a relationship , imo . my daughter was dating someone i knew wasn't right ... holiday photos : recreating the awkwardness  ... i like this ! it's actually a good description of the functions and process . so are you thinking enfj , then ? :D nope , there was no c in my analogy . absolutely . both are difficult ! : laughing : because the 4th function develops later , my daughter will probably continue to get easier to talk to / understand because of her te ( which facilitates communication ) ... why doesn't matter for the sake of this analogy . as simply stated in my original post , you are at point a and you want to get to point b . i still believe you'd wait for a perfectly designed and ... i bet that was a fun conversation . i usually go the more indirect route : i stop answering the phone . after awhile they're forced to find a replacement therapist . no , i don't mind discussing it at all . ( it seems odd to me that you wouldn't have a direct nf parent ; i've been formulating a loose theory that type is inherited . ) is there anything specific you ... < double post > one of my all-time favorite photographs , by brassai , who photographed life in paris in the 1920s and ' 30s . i love the reflections in the mirrors around the cafe booth . ... lake bell's in a world . highly underrated , in my opinion , but then i enjoy ' quirky ' . plus , she did have a deeper message that probably was missed by most . well , i'm sure you know more about your situation than anyone else , and you are really the only one who can decide if the good outweighs the bad . my daughter is infp and while i can understand ... actually , you'd probably be surprised at how often the person in the role of si manager has to repeat herself , esp when dealing with an infp and an infj with add . at least your mom probably doesn't ... faulting you ? no , i'm not faulting you . differences between types exist , if we accept the cognitive function stacks as they've been defined . second , i'm not sure exactly what your research is ... i live with two nfs , and most of the responsibility for actual physical detail-type things falls on me , probably because i'm the only one with te . yes , it's rough . my dad is istj ... ok , but see what i'm doing ? i'm still trying to prove my original point ( which i think this does ); taking you back to my initial explanation of the differences based on this point a to point b ... as far as enneagram type , i have no idea , but my daughter is dating an intp . ( send me your nts ! i'm very lacking ; surrounded by nfs and sfs . ) umm ... no . the desire to get to point b is internal . ( i want to go there ; it is my own set goal . ) there is no external pressure , or in your case fe outside motivation . does anything change ? mostly on the perc . :) ... : laughing : how certain are you that you would actually set out in any direction at all ? to me it seems you would stand at point a and survey all the different possible routes and think of reasons ... the intp is prone to outbursts / defensiveness ? it seems the infp's inferior should help rather than hinder emotional processing . i can see ways they would be compatible , but the inferior te for infp ... the reason has to do with te vs ti . say you are in a residential area at point a and want to get to point b , but there are no direct ' through ' streets . i know where i want to go , so i simply ... this is a very concise and helpful bit of information . question : with an fi dom ( specifically infp ) , what do you see as the main problem areas in a relationship with intp , since the fi seems to ... to me this represents optimism : life , movement , water , outdoors , nature . renoir's luncheon of the boating party , my favorite from art history class . ... i agree - - it was like a door opened for me . i still have trouble understanding people's behaviors , although i'm much closer now than i was as a teen . i also spent a lot of time studying psychology . now with mbti and jung's cognitive functions , ... are you asking what qualities we like / dislike about intps ? i think the fe makes you much better at getting along with other humans , and makes intps generally likeable . mostly i would be ... did you mean ti ne si fe ? because that sounds like way more fe than i'm comfortable with . this has been a really interesting thread and discussion ; i did some research on other intuition threads on the perc and found this thread including jung's own definitions of ni ( thanks for ... i hate football . wow - - interesting ! your paragraphs on precognition sound particularly similar to my experiences . i'm married to an infj and he has a great sense of humor , so i'm not sure that's going to help you with typing . also , being introvert , infjs still need their space and time away from others to ... hmmm .. maybe that's what i'm missing . '