' i have always had a deep love for nature . one of my life dreams is to find an area on land and simply look in any direction , and not see a single man-made item . this would be nature in it's purest ... i love how literally 2 people have chosen challengers just now seeing this , i didn't know : sad : title says it all . i am your master . . well , everyone except three or four people in my entire school seem to believe introversion is bad . so then , it must be bad . therefore , i am bad . : sad : i do this as well ... but not necessarily when it's something good . the first time i got less than a 70 on a report card i cried . my entire family didn't see a single tear . if you live on earth , then you are screwed . and we all lost the game nuuu it happened to me ! i welcome you ! and so does mr . moustache kitty ! fake positive thinking = what happened to mr . cafebot how do you think he became a greeting , happy-go-lucky bot ? i hear that sometimes . from stereotypical people who act like they are all that . and then the same people we are angry at will say , oh them ? they're nothing but a bunch of hippies . they'll see ... when we are the only ones left alive from war and inner turmoil . sometimes , i just want to listen to you talk . just because . ( this one is kinda ) let's have a deep conversation about the meaning of life , other than 42 idiotic stupidity ( on a bad day { most days } ) somewhat decent i have a couple words that describe my feelings about our society . 1 ) you're screwed 2 ) i'm sick of you we hate harming people . replace football / soccer with minecraft and its one asked about me every week or more ... wow , what you just said / wrote just changed me for the better ! i set very very very very very very very high expectations for myself . have never reached a single one . my view can be expressed in two ever-lasting and profound words : we're screwed . we have all seen the infp never hear thread , now what do we want to hear ? ^ _ ^ heres one i am ecstatic when i hear : here's a new book : crazy : i welcome you ! and so does mr . moustache kitty ! so your confessing on the internet that you confess everything on the internet ? nice . * first thought upon reading title * herobrine * reads message * site glitch , i would guess . the world in general makes me sick . murderers . corruption . thieves . immorality . and so many more things . this world makes me sick . why would you find joy in killing small animals ? ! no one comments on the bot .. ? they are in it with him ... hi dere ! ( don't trust the bot ! he is evil w / no soul and hates all of us : shocked :) : shocked :: shocked :: shocked : ymca song : crazy : oh , hi there ! didn't excpect to see you ... well ... im your local ... err ... ummm ... not so local infp ! ive made a couple posts before getting the courage to take on the quircky ... : sad : : shocked : i thought that was us :P meh . you overanalyze things . ( also , im good at math take that ! and we are not fragile : angry :) erm ... uh ... erm ... get out of dreamland and get something done for once ? of course i killed the thread : sad : i am a 4w5 , my secondary is 5w4 (: laughing :) and my third is 1w something ( err ... heres a poem i wrote ... ) but a dream what if the world were but a dream ? a dream of happiness ? a dream of kindness ? a dream of love ? what if the world were but a nightmare ? a ... why can't you leave people alone ! ? infp may want peace ... unless you make them angry . never make fluffy angry . ever . i am a 4w5 as my first , and a 5w4 as my second ... i was wondering , does that mean i am equally 4 and 5 ? when the pet in the backyard is your third best friend . i hate it when people talk down to people from the south , texas in particular . texas : no cowboys horses ? only on farms cattle ? see horses we all farm ? ever seen a farm in urban houston ? didn't ... just a comment directed to michael 82 before i post my picture : i can't post pictures or private message anyone / reply to private messages until i have 15 posts :( memegenerator.net/instance/26655786 ok , i have seen this in multiple different places , and i can relate to it x10 , but i was curious ... are you like that ? a person who would prefer to be left alone , and will go lengths to be left ... when you feel more at home in a book or game than ... well ... at home ... memegenerator.net/instance/26603133 '