' i haven't read any of the other responses , because i dont feel like it . sorry if i repeat anything . i would never cheat on anyone i am in a relationship with . ever . end of story . that being ... phfff , that just depends on the book ... i dont know if i am capable of not doing that ... unless i am reading . then the world ceases to exist . lol , yeah . also , if somebody is annoying i am not around them long enough to butt heads . i dont have problems with types . certain people ( few that they may be ) , yes . it's times like these that make me fairly happy i havent seen this movie . this does sound like me when i am in a not good place . if she is like like me she is probably aware that she is depressed / whatever , but doesnt want to tell anyone or talk about it at all , except to ... same . although im 170 lbs and slightly under 6ft . could we do a weight gain before and after success story , lol ? i think that might have a higher amount of participants . i have gotten some really awkward ones about my eyes / voice / arms . the weirdest ones are always the eye ones though , i have had some chicks get really really weird about that . i think my favorite ... i dont think of it that way at all . winning a debate is not really a goal in a debate for me , unless somebody is being incredibly unreasonable / close-minded . i dont view a debate as a battle , but as ... this song is giving me the feels ... whoa . peace out chica :) it was nice talking to you and whatnot , glad i met you . gross nah , its fine , i just dont feel like finding cats . yeah , sorry . not really feeling this challenge . welp , you need find people with big pness to make your j smaller . then hangout with said people . i think you did the right thing . there arent very many things i dislike more than infidelity . even if she stays mad at you , your conscience is clear . this , a whole bunch of this . it is so ... i would like it if we set up an impractical jokers thing . like , post a question or series of questions that we have to ask a store employee , do something funny at a drive through , prank your friends , ... here is me in a tree . my buddy and i did our best to cover my genitals with a conveniently located leaf , dont want to be indecent after all . 117298 i really do like the idea of the challenge threads . i get bored with the forums sometimes , and i think these could help . not sure what we can do with the threads , but maybe we could just pin a ... well , turophile means a connoisseur of cheese . the name is rarely taken , so i usually dont have a problem using it in games / forums . therefore , i started using it online . ooh , just saw this . i'll go climb a tree somewhere tomorrow . welp . gender : m hair color : dark blonde hair style : um , short . eye shape : ? eye color : green / blue , depends on what i am wearing glasses : n personal style / manner of dress : i just asked a ... need a goal ? move to thailand . everything is unbelievably cheap / amazing . the people / culture are great and some of the best beaches in the world are located there . how to make a living you ask ? based ... pretty good summary , maybe not anything new though . i dont feel like reading all that , but look into the difference between fi / te and ti / fe . enfps and entps think very differently . yeah , that one is better lol . i hereby resurrect this thread . i didn't see this song on here , and i think it typifies entps quite well . lol , agreed . that , ladies and gentlemen , is the solution to a great many problems . yeah , i hear ya bud . pick something that has you doing many things that are challenging . also , remember that your career isnt static . you will do many things throughout your life . doing something ... it also depends on the type of engineering . yeah , i'd say it was harder or at least as hard ... but if you do your stuff you will be fine . i found it fun . at the end of the day though , all jobs suck , ... lol , agreed chica . i like by far the vast majority of esfjs i know , i know some really weird ones too lol . dont let this forums unfounded negativity about being an xsxj get to you . you guys are ... oh how i do love being underestimated :) i dont think i have an addictive personality , i have never had any substance abuse problems or anything . what i do have is an obsessive personality . i am either 0 or 100 . it is pretty rare that i ... yeah , i dont know but kids and animals love me too . especially kids , and that is weird because i basically treat them like i would anybody else . i dont fawn over them or anything , well ... i do make ... oh yeah , i get to where i cant even use certain words for a while because i thought about them too much . or i can become overly self aware about a bodily function / motion . well , i have this thing where i want to fly / pilot a reactor core into a sun . like , everyone is all oh no ! it's melting down ! ! who is going to save us ! ? and i'm like ... stand aside . i got this ... yeah , i do that too . i can get kind of impatient at coffee shops , and things like that , when the people working there are making the coffee / food in the most inefficient way imaginable . like , it ... woodford reserve double oaked , you're welcome . aside from that i agree though . i dont know , i have always thought that fe is probably the most extroverted function . i dont really think there is such a thing as an introverted extrovert . there can be less social extroverts , but ... go for it if you feel like :) i think i kinda understand it . i have many sj friends ( a couple of them are isfjs ) , and i actually think i'm pretty good at not offending them . knowing more cant hurt ... oh yeah , i get where you are coming from . but that isnt what i meant . it seems that people put more merit on a subjective thought than an objective one . in those conversations , once people heard that ... i think this is at the heart of many of our problems in this area . a lot of people have a very hard time actually understanding objective thinking . many times throughout my life i have had to explain ... i actually like bowling , but i also got pretty good at it . hanging out with friends , drinking beer , beating them all ... lol . yeah , i dont really care what i am doing so long as i like the people i am with . i dont really like conventional dates though , i think people are being too fake and you end up not learning that much ... oh yeah , our way of measuring time is annoying . going back and looking at different measurements is pretty funny . ha . list of humorous units of measurement - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia yeah , but stuff like 16oz in a pound , 14 pounds in a stone , 12 inches per foot , blah blah blah . just gets weird . it's kinda funny to me too , because the imperial inch is actually defined by the ... yes , formulas are generally non-dimensionalized . however , when using the imperial system there are more steps and things can get more convoluted . i am not saying that the imperial system can't be ... '