' some people need more , others need less . but in my case if i don't stay hydrated throughout the day all day my baby won't get enough milk . :( stress sucks the life out of everything .. you know you're ... : sun-smiley : a lot of problems can be solved , if you properly hydrate first . more than 64oz a day , try 100 . you'll see , no more headaches . : hugs : caffeinated and optimistic . : smileys-sunbathing - : smileys-sunbathing - 473746 the process is very relaxing , and the end result is gratifying . something pretty to hang on the fridge and look at all week . :) sounds like my life growing up . of course public outings is were everyone would save face and act like a normal family ... everything is better if kept simple ... fuck you . and fuck you . and fuck you . ( venting done ) im sure you knew what i meant , the test based on his theory . personality test based on c . jung and i . briggs myers type theory free personality test | 16personalities i took the test on both these sites . and yes i am an infj-a . based on the actual jung test . that's the only one i've taken . the other test on this site does not work on my laptop . i just know when people are trying to commit cyber lobotomy . and the thing about dna is that we have the power to alter it ... didn't know this was the lets come into the infj forum and analyze every user that posts something . lmao unless that's both of you guys personality type . who knows ? i just know everyone is not ... i can spot a bully a mile away . i call it how it is . has nothing to do with my personality type at all . maybe it's the puertorican in me . everything will always be misread and misinterpreted behind a computer screen . a real heart to heart conversation is the only way to throughly analyze a person . analyzing written words is just what ... sounds to me like you need to relieve some sexual tension . maybe a blunt might help too . nothing is healthy when you try to fit a circle into a square . people just need to be who they are . the end . :) 472242 exactly . i know 2 languages and want to learn 1 more . i also want to learn to play an instrument . but yes depending on my mood is the hobby i choose for that day . i've always wanted to make my own ... that's only a minute sample of the things i get creative with . lol i'm all over the map when it comes to being creative . i go from sewing , to scrapbooking , to embroidery , drawing , baking , gardening ... 4717864717 94 i live and have a child with an entp , and still don't get him . just don't take it to heart . entp don't know when they're being insensitive , they're natural assholes ( maybe not the best word to ... 471626 when you can read this and know what it means . are you a parent yourself ? if so how many kids ? at what age did you have your children ? please enlightent me to see your point of view as to why a non infj comes to the easiest of target that we infj ... know the difference when your brain is in alpha or beta mode . beta mode cannot exist without alpha . but alpha most definitely can exist without beta . in alpha we love , we plan , we bring harmony and ... yes ... because look just how far that has brought us ... so much money , so much technology , so much advancement yet we're still using aborted babies for cosmetics . people are dying left and right ... : laughing :: laughing : i'm just but a mom that has dealt with children when i was a child myself . i know how to keep it simple , it's what works for me . what works for you is to be argumentative ... non infjs can never understand infjs . it will always boggle their minds . round and round the carousel , spin until you drop . fire cleanses . what is being cleansed in this picture ? all the dirty things is this world ... : laughing : the web people weave . then wonder why there's misery present . the simpler you live , the happier you'll be . religion is man made , and what made by man is tarnished . why ? bc no one ... from my observations it's mostly true for introverts ... all throughout middle school i was told i was very intimidating ... a shy , 12year old girl that spoke english with an accent ... idk must be the we don't take bs aura we give . ^ ^ always hated that quote , but it's very true . you'll know bc when you leave the area of negative energy you get a wave of relief . 471458 i'm one of the biggest pothead , closet pothead that is . i speak from experience not just out of my ass . at the end we all have our views , we all have our own experiences . i'm not able to fully ... 471426 this pictures sums up what it feels when you have met the entp meant for you . i use my creativity as an outlet from stress and reality , so my preferences are all over the place . just as long as i can use my creativity then i'm happy . ;) 4713864713 9447140247 1410 my answers are simple and to the point since i don't have the luxury to have uninterrupted screen time . life is not as complicated as you make it to be . ancient civilization had it right , our modern ... from brunette to blonde today like everyday , i struggle to find a balance between taking care of 4 other people and putting my sanity first ... any threads out there for infj parents to vent ? someone please direct me if you know . :) deep down we're all just wild animals that society is trying to control with commercialism ... :-/ i understand . as an infj you automatically connect dots , even through texts you can pick up moods . same here . i don't talk to either my mom or dad , they're too busy living their own lives ... so a non believer trolling about . a true infj knows he / she is an infj , not bc of some test , but because you can look back from childhood to now and realize it's what you've been all along . maybe you ... i think the easiest way to recognize it is when you have a dialogue about it in your head . usually i have to prepare myself when i go out , but i find myself identifying other people's mood , emotions , ... 471162 of course we could all be psychics if our pineal gland wasn't calcified with all the fluoridated water , chemtrails , and gmos that we are forced to ingest on a daily basis .. '