' fjs can be gregarious but not the way he is . we have extremely specific body language that he just doesn't have . i was raised by an enfj with an isfj cousin more like a sister and an esfj uncle i ... i don't think t is the absence of emotion . but i will say , enfps talk a lot more like nfjs than entps do . he reminds me of how i talk , too . but infjs and enfps click amazingly because we see opposite ... further , ni looking at past symbols is going to be focused on sensory information in a detached kind of way . typically , it would be a moment when some sensory detail resonated very strongly with some ... those two seem really ne / si . the first two because ni's usually lack finesse when they're trying to make things happen , and we definitely don't feel like we just make things happen . we're very aware ... most future-focused descriptions are utterly meaningless to me but saying it's timeless is equally meaningless . i know what you mean by that , i think , but it helps no one better understand what it ... healthy fi doesn't mess with people . healthy enfps connect with people and use that information to know what people need and what they're going through in a deeper way then fe offers . unhealthy enfps ... i usually consider him infj . but his ni description just feels so off to me . he may just be too wrapped up in his subconscious concepts . in my opinion , ni simply picks up on patterns and rhythms that are observed . most ni descriptions don't seem to take into account that ni is observing actual information . which is why it's thought of ... show dany or book dany ? the actress is sfj . jung's ni quotes aren't always helpful for me because they aren't how i feel ni . too focused on subconscious imagery . too mystical . aux functions can be seen most clearly , i think . they don't rule you but you've been using them your whole life . she sees exactly what he craves . and with fe she can look utterly sympathetic while ... angelcat , arrow , i meant seeking the way inferior functions do . si-inferior has a fear they deal with by trying to figure out si-ish information . i can't explain it well because i don't quite relate , ... tl ;D r : yep , enfp . i love the way they use te and being around one helped me learn to use te well enough to learn how to change the minds of te-doms . still hopeless against fi dom , fesi , ti dom ... tife , from what i've seen , primarily tries to beat people over the head with logic and can never grasp why no one cares about the pure logic of the situation . it truly doesn't compute when they're in ... gah , i hate when i don't realize what i'm saying like that . i didn't mean to suggest si was like that . si isn't why he likes control ( all types can and do ) . but there is an odd way nefi that looks ... i wouldn't . my enfj mom says she wouldn't either and can't relate at all to the impulse . fearandtrembling and living dead , how about you ? to us , recreating a past relationship is super boring ... enfp , no question . - think it's safe to assume he's an intuitive type . - he has excellent access to his feeling and thinking functions , whatever form the take . so they're most likely his auxillary ... ramsay's only companion growing up was the original reek and he was extremely attached to the guy . when ramsay's mom came demanding help with the boy from roose , they were given reek . so it was the ... killing people was meant to point out evidence for something arrow said he didn't do , not for ne . i'd quote it but i'm on my phone and it's acting weird . i think it was about discarding things . my ... i think entp with a competency enneagram type and an estj wife could look very controlled , especially at his age . my problem with entj is he doesn't have the certainty of te--he pauses to consider ... comparr tyrion's obsession with his first love to how ramsay is about reek . both keep looking to relive a definingearlyeeriece . i've watched chopped for a long time . early on , he was an absolute bully . whatever he wanted , he would talk over the other judges until they let him have his way . then he started having fe bonding ... gulenko's socionics romance styles is my go-to for distinguishing vague types because it describes such a specific example where so much nuance can be recognized . estps seek an equal , someone they ... i would think the way he used his torture to turn theon into a version of his childhood friend ( reek ) - - that especially is very si . the way he bristles when something affects him unexpectedly ( when ... thanks , i love seeing candid moments with him . i've only recently started noticing how distinct enfps and entps look when they're talking . looking for functions is hard with those two types ... same , but i've never known an istj little girl to compare her to . gonna try to avoid tmi so i'll just say i have a bad habit of genuinely chasing guys like ramsay in real life ( yeah , i know , i'm ... aren't infps more sheepish and isolated at that age ? my poor infp cousin was thought to be autistic as a kid ( my family doesn't get introverts very well ) . she for some reason seems more si to me . she ... my only hesitation there is i see all of those things in enfps , just in a different way . like , i actually took forever to remember enfp was fi because nefi looks so similar to fe until i noticed tiny ... my core type is 1 and the 5 in my tritype is still extremely visible . the biggest difference is i can't relate to any of the actual fears of 5s or why they learn . like , what they want ? i relate to ... i actually never felt that way about him . to me he was the most straightforward and genuine of the people around her . she doesn't want to believe him but suspects he's right . thanks for the video ... i don't know why i didn't consider tj . but those combinations mean isfp , esfp , entj , or intj , right ? i don't know that any of those feel right . maybe i just haven't seen an intj with well developed ... fearandtrembling i don't really try to fit everything into it , although i do think its a very fun mental game to recognize it in new contexts . in this case i'm just a bit dissatisfied with the way ... any new theories on the type of the high sparrow in the show ? i thought he showed enough last night to guess a type but i can't pin down what . but i lean toward isfp because of the way he stared down ... is it safe to assume regularly using fe and feeling confident and at ease when using fe means high ti isn't unhealthy ? and that high ti probably isn't coming from an ni-ti loop ? aizar , i couldn't ... i notice a lot more description of ni-ti loop than just very developed ti . i always assumed this meant i was bad for the loop stuff because my ti tests about evenly with my fe , but my fe is one of my ... it's also common for injs to test high in ne and ni both . and i believe intjs in te and ti . think it's been mentioned already here . but in my experience you'll relate more to one function than the ... i don't get jealous with other sx types ( not even when i'm dating one and they cheat ) but i do with social or self pres friends . the bond isn't as close as i want and i have trouble ... try phenibut . a lot of people use it for anxiety . it has most of the same effects as ghb but it's legal as a supplement . it's actually prescribed for anxiety in russia i think . it also causes ... infj . ghb , though it's legal for narcolepsy . the euphoria from it is wonderful before it knocks me out . and i love the ideas from it , and anti anxiety effect . for similar information : i don't ... i always thought it was because my mom was a 3 and they can be stubborn , but , maybe it's just the se . she's as stubborn as they come . if she decides she wants something , she'll literally die trying ... estjs seem to be very it's just a watch , wtf . thought of another example : the way esxjs and enxjs view power in relationships seems to be very different . se anywhere in the stack tends to make ... i saw the watch thing as seeing meaning in the physical properties of it ( se ) or feelings they came from ( fe ) . so more se than ni . do you relate to fe-se loop ? this will sound dumb but i dated an istj with ptsd and i felt like i completely knew ptsd . i didn't , i have no similar experience . but it felt familiar from the start , like i knew it . i never said ... another big difference : if i show the esfjs a bunch of studies that imply facts they haven't experienced , they get stubborn and insist the studies must be wrong , no matter how many i show . the enfj ... i think it sounds like tertiary se . and i have people here tell me i must be a thinking type because mine shows so much more than my other functions , so i don't think its too weird for tertiary ... i've also wondered if my high te scores come from fe . i've always been around fite types and to effectively communicate with them has demanded use of te . i'm desperate for effective communication so ... i have trouble spelling out how my enfj mom uses ni and i live with her . because it serves fe , it isn't anywhere near as distinct as ni dom . but . it seems to mostly go into figuring out people and ... introverted fe users seem to tolerate being alone better--but we find ways to stimulate fe while alone . my isfj cousin likes to spend alone time planning social things like family vacations and ... i was wondering about bpd and sx 1s . i'm very psychologically healthy and i still come close to meeting the criteria for bpd . the self policing plus sexual subtype definitely seem to push toward that ... god , this is so true . my type 3 mother's idea of broaching the subject is i'm the happiest depressed person i've ever seen ! and most doctors believe that means it isn't a problem . for her to even ... if the tritype fits , you could just have the wrong core type from that combination . you sound very 9 - ish to me , which is in your tritype . have you looked into 9w1 much ? '