' transvestites with a love of 14th century literature that turn into psychopathic mice during the full moon . well , there's a special kind of poetry written especially for idiots called moronelle poetry . so , no , i doubt that you're an idiot for not liking poetry since there's poetry for idiots out there . ... the reptilian overlord , judge judy . to this day i still frequent the internet to look at pictures of her .   i rip their heart out with my good old trusty metal claw and feed it to the ducks :) i've almost been arrested for it before , tee-hee .  nope , the queen of england . it happened to me once and i've been trying to block it out of my memory ever since it happened . needless to say , i haven't been able to . it's probably the worst thing ... drinking too much wine will put you in a situation where you'll end up saying , why , your majesty , that appears to be my buttocks you have fondled . so , no . i've never heard of that site before and it intrigued me so i just decided to join . it's pretty cool . cptmagicsandwich - cptmagicsandwich's drawings at ratemydrawings - cptmagicsandwich's drawing ... so i decided to make my own tardis console room ... ziggy stardust's zygotes zap zappa in a zimbabwe zoo , zeroing in on zingy , zealous , zen buddhist zebra butterflies that zigzag on the z-axis of zeus's zwitterion . if someone is incredibly obnoxious or if they try to spread their belief in scatomancy , i'll gnaw on their leg . (8 ); z . it means , to the contrary , i'd love an extra five pints of seahorse milk . i use it a lot more than i should on some forums . that sort of thing is for humans , not me thank you . if i do eat them , i eat them with something to mask their flavour because i like their health benefits , but i really hate the way they taste . modern music is crap . in fact , if you modernize something it will probably be ten times worse than it originally was . if you care about animals emotionally , you probably shouldn't eat meat . drug ... i do a lot of art , like drawing ( i've been drawing my entire life ) , painting ( not so much these days though ) , writing , poetry , creating videos , creating comics , music , and creating different games ... it's crap in the form of a tv show . pigeon water , soak my toast in shades of beige . i'd give you my liver for a dime and a currant , and skip to the centre of my hand . when i arrive there i'll pickle my sinuses , what a shame i'm not ... i've never been in a band , so i have many one-man-band names . here are some of them : mother earth and the satellites of mars the electric buddha's ever cosmic mind theatre electric orange mellow ... i , too , agree with the bible on something . many times i've felt like this once i awoke and found myself married to ethel merman , but it was the 1930 ' s , people did some wild things back then . 1 . an intro song ( theme song for yourself ) white rabbit - jefferson airplane 2 . a song for a comedic scene she's goin ' bald - the beach boys i have a severe case of espanism . mumbling catastrophes fix xylophones for the head master of an upside-down school for death's fish . they dance and sing in a submarine made of confusion in the beard of neptune as ten thousand norse ... monty python's the meaning of life that myanimelist website looks great , i think i'll create an account there . ha , that was cool to see mushishi ranked #14 . ah okay , i like ( among many other things ) the psychedelic element of it . i thought that it wasn't very well known . i just found out about it a couple of years ago , haha . i like some anime and dislike some anime . ones i love are : bobobo-bo bo-bobo excel saga flcl , or fooly cooly what i've seen of mushishi . i've been meaning to see more episodes , but i haven't ... how much flamingo plumage should i bring ? i'm dancing in the nut tree , i'm dancing in the nut tree , i'm dancing in the nut tree , i'm dancing in the nut tree , i'm dancing in the nut tree , i'm dancing in the nut tree , i'm dancing in the ... this trash i found : jodie foster is one of the various forms i take , so obviously this hasn't happened to me ( yet ) . dinner : red kidney beans , cashews , broccoli , cauliflower , crumbed mushrooms . i frequent tumblr to feed my addiction to pictures of the reptilian overlord , judge judy . here i am : psychickafkatea ! oh my god ! i was just going to post this exact video . chloroform candy canes witness a tree exploding in the eye of god . oh , lord , can you buy me a point of view , one as sharp as a blade ? i'd give my third personality just for this one thing . but , who ... you'll have to breed them . i agree . he's so cool you'd swear he's actually a freezer and not a fridge . wow , that's pretty cool . theme for king lunatic # 4 the cosmic mantid tastes the mushroom god suns grow in gardens of gold hypnotic rabbits ride a stained glass caravan the smiling windowpane harvests glowing organs ... losing a rainbow eating match against the council of villainous pink baboons )o: : happy : : happy : : happy : : happy : '