' ya girl if she is a prima donna like you've described than it really has nothing to do with her ne tendancies . the example i give a lot about this whole land of ideas / s reality is my long time ... ok let an entp explain the enfp ability to do this ... it is not personal at all that she would say hey i should have you over and than not invite . it is the the cross wiring of the is vs en ... enfp ... well .. i am an entp and i've heard of the same thing for the entps but i am a believer . i will quote you something i wrote on a thread to a self absorbed person who thought the world was going to pot ... how do you ask out a lady normally ? infj---which i knew already and have only met one as far as i know . i have been in love with various types .. mostly introverts and one introvert who thinks he's extroverted but please whatever lol if you all haven't noticed the types that have responded are intj and intp types who actually think this is a worthy subject to dive into . and if you all haven't noticed the huge long winded well ... have you given up yet ? i would atleast try cheddar on pie but i make no promises in liking it lol it's like we had the same childhood lol . some people think entp are little einsteins at 2 years old but my experience is very similar to yours however i didn't enter the medical field . i chose ... yes i definitely agree there with the whole clone thing . the mystery reels me in every time ! curiosity kills the cat ;) i think you are on to something orion on all accounts .. i do like the strong silent types .. some people think silence is a weakness because they mistake it for not thinking . the reality is it is a ... i relayed this question to a friend recently : why am i so drawn to introverted men and her reply was that it's because it's easier than relating to someone who is on my same level . my snarky reply ... ya only if you don't like who you are the most two of the most aggravating things to an entp is someone trying too hard ( over compensating / not being true to self ) and incompetence . we can tell if you are being yourself and if you don't ... yes i can obviously see the attraction to mbti typing for n's or shall i say infj's and entp's . i don't see a lot of isfp's ... maybe they are just lingering in the background absorbing as they usually ... you think so ? maybe it has to do with s peeps want facts and n's just let things flow lol idk yep sure do . his posing started out with me trying to take a pic of him at the festival of lights thing we went to . he was all squinty in all of them and he made the remark that he always looks like ... the very first math class i tanked was freshmen year geometry in high school . until than i had been in advanced placement math . ugh math . it's something i worked hard at but geometry nevah again lol the consultant who ran the seminar i went to on this said that the myers-briggs chicks said that everyone was born a certain way and through out our life and experiences we learn to be the opposite ... thanks sweet ! i hope so :) i wish i were . he wanted to stay friends . guess all this charm was wasted lol :) i am an entp woman who fell in love with an isfp . he literally was plopped down in front of me for 8 months for me to notice but like what cholate said when an entp starts to care it is very humbling ... lol love the shania quote ! eventually an entp will quiet down like i have and wonder and prode and grow in this area . so i agree with the previous posters who say he is immature . a well developed ... i live small town nc and let me tell you i did not want to move back here after leaving from high school . but as the previous posts indicate you make it what you make it . there are only a few people ... aww lol . well i wouldn't go as far as calling love evil but .. what i think you are referring to is ( excuse the term ugh ) the love bubble . i read a book once called the 5 love languages where he said ... going out with a guy who is dating another woman ... that's deceiving ones self . even if it was just hanging out it should of been with him and his girlfriend . by just going out with him she was ... it was not unrealistic of her to believe a man she met in church and who's father is a pastor to at some point find god or refind him . she probably didn't take him seriously the times he mentioned it ... i can relate to this as an entp .. the one thing i fear is the one thing i desire the most . i like the way you described it . i step away a lot when i'm getting too close but how does one become loved ... amen ! :) he's telling you no he isn't going to dump the other chick but if you two want to continue to grow your friendship than he's all game . how else are you going to get close to him but than ... i didn't bother reading all of the posts because some of them were really weird so i stopped reading lol . if you think your chick will dig it than go for it . i have a million ideas but no one to do ... gosh nothing better than a bully to push my buttons . i'm pretty much the same as you tanstaafl 28 and i'm generally a calm cucumber but a bully sets me off . just thinking about it makes me mad lol . i can make even the most introverted laugh just by laughing :) honestly , i would as an entp stay in a long term relationship if the pay off in the end was worth it . you being a law student .. worth it ! reach out and initiate skype email and phone .. not to the point ... i got one once to pose for pictures for me . he did an amazing job considering his type . he said his discomfort level was a 4 out of 10 . i eat 4 ' s for breakfast lol . www.facebook.com/knottyart he's ... lol well i took this entirely too long seminar on mb typing and she said the nt's achilles heel is incompetence . teaching my mother how to use the computer is so taxing ! lol . bullying is also a ... depending on how evolved either of us are i think two entp would get to a point where they would frustrate each other trying to prove themselves right . also , when nothing got done because of lack of ... ya it seems more often than not with this type , those who are high on the iq , suffer in other social areas . i don't want to generalize a whole temperament but it just seems the case to me . yes with introverts you are the spontaneity and most extraverts love that . but since you are an introvert it will get on your last nerve lol . i for one don't mind coming up with the cool ideas bc ... i have a guy infj friend who was complaining how this one chick who jilted him was the only girl who got his jokes . so he spins one to me and i smile . it was cute not hilarious kinda corny and not ... i thought that power was a super secret inner circle power .. unless of course you are at the blunt end of it . i rather dislike that part of me .. the desire to do that when i've been severally wronged ... why ? ? aren't you an entp male ? wouldn't we clash or something lol i'm in love with bagpipe music lol . people would always stare at me because i'd be rockin ' some shania twain and than start rapping to some jay-z especially when i'm a hardcore alternative rock fan ... the male infj i know has had many many adventures . the stories he has shared but he also has a slight case of aspergers and well maybe that has something to do with it . but i'm glad to hear ... this is true . i hear some entp women up here who have absolutely no fe and i'm like evolve already ! lol . i'm attracted to isfp types and it has helped a lot in that department . talk about eggshells ... i have kept finding that i have never dated another extrovert . i have plenty of extroverted and introverted friends and this is how it goes with them . i am drawn to the introverts and other ... you're right there .. i love isfp's . for me being an entp it's very humbling dealing with one . it's kinda like a pitbull in a china shop with an isfp for me but it makes me stop think and ... have you dated a lot of entp's ? and how would you rate it ? i'm a christian nt .. is that rare ? ? lol well i've been put on my arse and a true experience with god is what brought me back up . i'm crushing on a christian isfp who is very very introverted . god ... you are right on the money with your assessment of isfp . 8 months of friendship and boom i got there before him and i think i scared him into an awkward corner . it's a long road and it hurts ... '