' people have problems / challenges regardless of asking why . yes , all types question why ; however , i think it is reasonable to say intuitives question why more than sensors , for example in questioning ... you are worthwhile . you are more than your job / major / title . - - some ideas from feeling good by dr david burns me too . to me the why is more interesting than w , w , w , w and h . are nfs the people always asking why , while others only care about what and when ? look for : physical attraction , intelligence , enthusiasm , creativity , individuality , idealism romantic situation : bonding intellectually and creatively while watching a movie , making crafts , ... try listening to uplifting music you like . for me , it's jimi hendrix . and try comedians on pandora radio , always a hoot . : happy : i am in my forties and work as a customer care rep in a mid-sized company . i have friends ; however , i think my idealizing and perceiving prod me to be different , more outgoing and noticed and ... is this normal infp or just me ? * fantasize being the center of attention but hate being the center of attention : frustrating : * feel bound by introversion and controlled by extroverts * bust ... where do you think infp self criticism , being hard on ourselves comes from ? is it part of our nature ? or were we trained to think that way ? struck a chord with me . fyi : i'm reading feeling good by dr . burns . thanks . liked this , using military focus for good . disagreed with loving myself above , say , god , but liked striking a blow to doubt . thanks . were you / are you raised in a harsh , military-style family , who provides for you physically but not mentally ? how did you / do you deal with it ? when you act childish a lot . feel better in fantasy than reality . say a lot of non sequitors . change your mind a lot . keep silent in public , but talk nonstop with family . find it hard to ... i want to be accepted for who i am , not for a false image i've created . but the truth can be overwhelming , like emily dickinson said : tell all the truth but tell it slant , success in circuit ... started swimming , preparing for a 2.5 mile open-water race this summer . bought ray-bans and a fedora , looking stylish . all the time . i think it's best to follow other types ' examples and forget it ; let others try and figure you out . why wear yourself out ? they care more about themselves anyway . like the prayer of ... sometimes i feel like a alien and think others see me that way too . i try to hide my it . a lot of it came from my sensing family who was clueless about my boundaries , and i am clueless about a lot of ... i can relate to what you wrote . you might try mindfulness . it's one of the things i'm working on in the dialectical behavioral therapy skills workbook by matthew mckay , jeffrey wood and jeffrey ... yes , that's how it was growing up in a family that valued sameness over experimenting , strength over vulnerability , tradition over spontaneity , teaching over learning , agreeing over questioning . i ... often it seems like having a primary introvert feeling function is useless and disabling , versus having something like primary extrovert sensing or introvert thinking . any suggestions on how fi is ... something that helps me change my negative thinking is dialectical behavior therapy . here are some highlights i got from wikipedia : observe non-judgmentally observe your environment in and ... yes , i'll look into it . i thought i'd put this here and not in education / career , since this one gets more hits . i have an english degree and have been working in phone customer service for about 8 yrs . i want to be a ... i wanted to know why i procrastinate and how i could change it , so i collected some notes from the internet : procrastination may be caused by rebellion , acting out of a power struggle that is ... all good suggestions , like the bit about meditation . i learned not to care , became desensitized , became a bully , became a narcissist , came down on other people who pissed me off , which was everyone , because , hey , they were idiots . ordinary people by judith guest i lose interest , concentration with dull , repetitive work , so my productivity goes down . most judging people i know can concentrate on it and get rewarded , while i get corrected , and my confidence ... narcissistic personality disorder symptoms may include : believing that you're better than others fantasizing about power , success and attractiveness exaggerating your achievements or talents ... prone to it ? no , because anyone can develop narcissistic personality disorder . it starts with your relationship with your mom , for a boy , or dad , for a girl . from birth through age three you ... just realized how silly that sounds . :) borderline personality estps : they're in-your-face psychos who project all their neuroses on you , blaming you for their insecurities . they mount their allies against you in their battle for control ... i bought toxic parents on amazon . i'm also reading if you had controlling parents by dan neuharth and children of the self-absorbed by nina brown , which have good insights . yeah , i've gotten that a lot . when i tease back , i'm called harsh . it was okay with my parents when my estj sister criticized me , because i am a guy and i could take it . but they would not allow me ... i have experienced this too . my dad has said , just get over it . get on with your life . i can't help you . which is true , but i think what he really means is : i don't want to change . i don't want ... i like the nondefensive responding method you described . thx for the book suggestion , sgman . i have experience that too . yeah , i understand . yeah . when i wouldn't play my dad's teasing game , or asked him to stop , that caused him to do it more , and it also started my sister bullying me . i would talk to my mom about it , but she did nothing ... in my family while i was growing up , my istj dad and estj older sister and sometimes my esfj mom teased and criticized me . i don't think they meant anything by it , but i felt hurt and kept a lot of ... thanks iinnffpp and souled in . you're brilliant , caring people . i'm thinking my post was a past rant , but felt like taking another look , getting new perspectives . what sparked it is my sister is in ... when i was in my mid teens , i felt dumb and nerdy . i wanted to be smart in all subjects , fashionable , popular with cool kids and extrovarted . i got fashion hairstyles and wore fashion clothes , got ... here's a quote about frustration from an osho site : if you don't want to be frustrated , don't expect . live without expectations and there will be no frustration . but people go on expecting ; they ... brilliant . words to live by . brilliant . i teared up a bit knowing someone is out there sometimes feels the same . i'm jealous of others ' success . i'm angry at myself for being unmotivated , irrational and unproductive . i want a better job , but i fail because i am angry and depressed and believe it will stir ... the important word is live . when i start getting depressed , before i know i it , i get overly concerned with the following : unfairness perfection self conciousness revenge if i notice this happening , i've learned to ... i have this theory about sensors : sensors are divided into 4 groups : 1 . sensors , who are good at ball sports . 2 . sensors , who are good at fixing things , especially cars . 3 . sensors , ... i have had a difficult relationship with my dad . i think he is an istj and is very domineering . starting in my teens , we got into arguments . i would end up hitting a wall or breaking something . it ... '