' i read this thread after a year . wicky , your post makes much more sense now :) . still having the same stupid problem , except i have just stopped caring . istj , hands down . the ideal boyfriend i want to date . :) i havent done a posting in a long time , but i wanted to answer this one . no , please dont change yourself . because i love enfp guys , or guys that show emotion / tenderness / affection in general . where ... heh , i spose im a bad student for coming on here to check the postings instead of studying . in my case yes . i never liked school , couldn't care about learning unless it serves a practical purpose ... i'm not an esfj but i do know three esfjs - my mother , brother and former roommate . kind of like what you described , they are distraught when people don't like them , always going out of their way to do ... thanks rez : blushed :: shocked :: proud : this was freaking awesome ♥ really ? because the last guy i had a crush on [ and still like , to be honest ] was an isfj . i like isfjs :) i was told that in school and by some esfx friends . they don't understand that cold and heartless is more than just being all over the place with your feelings . silly people don't realize that ... good luck with everything : happy : hey , if he doesn't start it , you need to do it . one day , just give him a big hug and a kiss . few boyfriends would ever say no to that : crazy : ohh heyy ; ; well i'm an entj , and for me , i live by the actions speak louder than words . so i understand where he is coming from . don't tell him anything , just put your arms around him and kiss ... if you dislike their personalities , they probably wouldn't like you in the first place . besides , if they love you they can't be that bad . it sucks =( same here . * jealous * i need more infp friends - in real life - : crazy : interesting , so this is how the other side feels . in my case , i'm the one who wants more-than-friends , and then hates it when people are close-minded to the possibility of dating me . i'd not be so ... i'm jealous of enfps and ohh what do i do , everybody likes me .. not fair . seriously . : angry : all istjs are not like this . one of my closest friends is istj . i don't know though , he may be a mature one . aside from him , i've got other istj friends and they're really nice . to conclude , it is ... damn right . it's not cynical , it's realistic . thanks : happy : this is an inspiring story . my problem is though , that i don't want to like poeple : crazy : a hero lies in you , by mariah carey huhh ? i like infjs maybe those people dont understand u oh , & welcome ! estj : laughing : te + si .. no , it has to be done this way so , i vote estj , rather than istj , bc estjs are more in ur face about it : crazy : then probably enfj . i mean , if i was on a project , id probably divide the tasks and stuff and then tell you guys to give me the work on time . the passive-aggressive .. heh , screw that . id either be in ... oh goodness this sounds like something i might do , if i didnt get a hold of myself . she could be entj .. and they damn well should . well done . : happy : why is this thread still going on ? * pokes * like i said , just because most people aren't attracted to you [ that's your opinions , not mine ] , doesn't mean no one is . because , like i said , it narrows ... that's not real love , it's fake love . be yourself . hey y'all i don't know what you guys are complaining about . infps are * sexy . * both men * and * women . then again , entj or whatever personality i am if not entj women aren't too common either . it ... if she doesn't like you , that's her problem . don't sit around trying to figure out what she doesn't like because someone else will love you exactly for who you are . if they don't then that's their ... you raise some good points . well entjs can be creative too , i for one love art . but you are right about the criticizing . i am extremely critical of people . some entj females , such as myself , don't ... randomness is the best . and so is * fun * =D lol , i guess sticking to the law can help [ but breaking the rules is fun ! ] huhwha ? the istps i know in real life are fun . mean ? nope . more like mr . nice guy , but badass and fun to be with . they live to break the rules , it's freaking awesome . that's my 2 c . they are forgetting that se is our teriary / energizing function . very thoughtful of you to generalize . infps can be a pain in the arse , so can all types . but yeah , go ahead and single out entj . jeez . yup , infp during my misanthropic stage . i wouldn't be surprised if i was infp now , but i dont have si and te is my first . i tell myself the first sentence every day , and you are absolutely right .. people aren't worth all that time and energy . i guess activity friends is great . like .. people to go watch football with , go ... i guess so . i need to stop expecting and caring so much , it's just difficult . i was a misanthrope for the longest time , and hate is another form of love . really ? well maybe it does exist then .. i ... apollo celestio i don't know . - . hmm , meditating .. i tried it once but i lose focus really easily and get distracted and start noticing the littlest things around me . it's not very effective . being hard on myself somewhat helps , but ... well i like myself i think .. but there are a lot of reasons why i don't match up either . i'm not giving up on myself , and you're right . still ... i kind of wish it would happen . _ . thanks , ... i don't like either of the options . the best thing is to not care . i hate these .. feelings anyways , but ot caring is the best way to go . and if i do care , tell myself to stop being so silly . you got this part right = _ = go xntj willpower ^ _ ^ this is funny ! it all sounds nice , but that's what has started my problem in the first place . owlwaltz =/ i guess i give off bad vibes .. not too sure how that works , but i can see what you're saying . i do accept myself though . mike but is guilt better than being vulnerable ? guilt is ... i wish i never liked people . every time i do , i'm let down or proven wrong . don't get me wrong , i do have friends , but that's only after .. like 4 years or so that i trust them that much . i wish i ... entjs can most certainly have self confidence issues , it is not something that is restricted to a certain type . entjs can also be lazy , unmotivated , etc . it's def possible . in regards to type ... i like something practical that i can use . sentimental stuff like hallmark things aren't bad , but practical stuff wins . whatever , like hoenstly i don't really care , it is the thought that counts . too stubborn is exactly why you love entjs . admit it . you hit the nail on the head dude . well done . entjs are not always bossy loudmouths . besides , what's wrong with being a bit stubborn , somewhat loud , and opinionated ? it's called being yourself . and bossy is called * taking charge * . if you don't ... '