' what's wrong - pvris conspiracy - paramore i was hiding under your porch because i love you - waterparks can't say i've been in love but just had crushes . i would love to have something like this one day my day today : i'm going to start with the positives well this isn't exactly a good situation , i'm moving again with short notice in about a week or 2 . i've tried to hold onto my dog as long as ... i hope to live on my own in the next 2-3 years . i can feel myself becoming more unhealthy by days ( even hours ) around my family . facts lol shameful bump excitement concert joy jumping neon lights hype it's utter garbage , filled with identity politics , every cannon character has been ruined in favor of promoting diversity check lists.http :/ / personalitycafe.com/images/smilies/1/crying.gif if you ... seems cool from i peeked on the site . i'm too far out though . to make sure i have the idea of it , it's a festival and people are taking pictures of the eclipse ( or moon and sun ) ? nice ! i made some when i was young too but definitely didn't think i could sell them haha . actually i do recall kids asking me to make more and i was marketing the comics xd territory - waterparks ( one of my favorite songs ) hey have you read any of the new star wars comics ? if so would you recommend them ? i just want to have a real conversation , which would require full attention from both sides . i totally agree with this but i would say more so my side . if i like talking to you , i don't want to ... you could try boiling the tea separately then adding the cardamom , cinnamon and sugar into the water and mixing it up then straining it into a cup before adding the milk and mixing . it also could ... november 22nd yes indeed . i've never seen the moral guideline live and let live illustrated mathematically before . it reinforces my ideal of good life as well . [ / quote ] i always want to put a lot of theories ... going to share this with friends and family , thank you again for sharing ! i just spent 2 hours on that . amazing find ! thank you ! i loved the message at the end . our environments are so essential to our being of self and perception of the world . with so much ... how do you feel studying in a small group versus studying in a larger group ? what about alone ? what goes about in your head then ? the system in my country is such that you study all semesters ... wow i noticed the same thing throughout my high school years . i went to summer school twice ( yes for failing ) and i noticed with the class sizes being smaller i felt a bit confident ( maybe a ego ) and ... ooh , that's exciting ! as a serious-level trade waiter and a fairly new comic fan , i haven't been keeping up with much of dc rebirth ( just some side books like green lanterns which i love ) but that ... yeah still thinking on this ? i think geoff or grant morrison could be ( i know i didn't include him before ) fear life wonder doom darkness anyone have a cool way of watching the eclipse tomorrow or today ? ( depending where you are ) also i've heard it can be harmful to pets , my dog isn't too big and i don't think he'll look up at the sun ... ok i've been on your animated mbti for like a hour and a half now haha i'm going to check out everything else tomorrow . i apologize once more for another late reply . welcome ! glad to have you here . i no longer take naps , i try and i am really tired but i find an interesting topic in my head . then i ask myself a hour later wasn't i suppose to take a nap ? college is probably going to burn me out ... i haven't even started school yet and i'm a lost :/ guess i'll just be optimistic things will work out i'm tired but feel like nerding out pool by paramore nah , sounds like a witch hunt . i've read secret origins and rebirth from his green lantern run and really enjoyed them . i'm hoping to read the whole thing when i move to a city with a better public library system . way too ... aww ^ ~ ^ - hugs - never go too long without watching a sunset - atticus balloon float we all float down here not sure , unfortunately . i feel like i'd need to read a greater variety of works . who's your favorite comic book writer ? i think mine is peter david . he has a balance between humor and ... same . i've always thought about being spider-man swinging around new york . onto the depression , i feel like i am a cloud of depression . yeah the sayings are don't get too attached or hopeful and like ... hey do you guys think there's any infj comic book writers ? ( yes i know there's infjoe lol ) i'm very curious what tom king , geoff johns , scott snyder , and mark miller are . tell me how and hallelujah - paramore  friends me myself i tired sleep cuddle dog dreams is anyone picking up dark nights metal tomorrow ? highly recommend if you're not superman hope fruit ocean beach treehouse yeah that was video was a bit weird but you are right i am now interested haha . i'm going to guess john ( yellow , i forgot while typing ) or laura gloom boys - waterparks going to do my own soon , can't decide a set of powers to have lol puppy breath paws joy kiss walk adventure '