'  do you have more trouble with fe or si ? if you can't decide between the two , think about when you were younger , perhaps a pre-teen , and see if one of those fits better during this time . great post with perfectly-expressed sentiment about understanding and embracing the underlying intent and application for personality typing in the first place - - it's not to create glass ceilings or ... crystal first , lavender / sensitive tan tied for second . my scores seem relatively well-distributed , except for two big g00se eggs in green and orange ( always has been my least favorite color ) . there's a lot in here that on the surface seems like text-book descriptions of ni , which actually makes me question the validity ( i'm guessing maybe you've read a lot of ni descriptions ? ) , so i'm ... i don't know if all of those interpretations are si or se alone . to me , i saw the room ' as is ' - - i noticed the bare walls , that they were green , the mattress without coverings - - but the first thing ... a room prepared specifically for someone without identification , perhaps someone on the run from the law or just generally wanting to remain inconspicuous / anonymous . i have a copy of quenk's book . it's pretty good , although something about her prose style , and also the examples she gives , just don't always ' click ' with me . i think my experiences with inferior ... feelings are there for a reason , they aren't there to trick us or mislead us , usually they're there to point out something is wrong or warn us , sort of like physical pain tells us we've been injured ... lol well , some of us are pretty talented imaginers ;) wanna try us ? and i'd just like to say , every person on this planet has felt misunderstood or sad at some time in his / her life , so if you're ... not to jump to conclusions or skip any necessary steps , but are you talking about a relationship ( marriage ) here , or is it just me ? worse than zoning out in those situations ( which i'm guilty of too sometimes ) is involuntarily yawning repeatedly during a person's monologue about whatever it is s / he is on about . compounding the ... sd in the hizzy this is true , thank you for the suggestion . alternatively , you can put spaces between all the letters of the url address , or other characters , and have the recipient remove them before going there in ... i have a question . i've noticed in pms that the urls to particular outside websites get scrambled / encrypted . there must be a filter in place to remove these urls , which get replaced with ... my son just listens to whatever my wife and i are listening to , which makes both parties happy . fortunately it works out , because 90 % of what we listen to isn't overtly crude or filled with ... this is a great distinction , thanks for making it ! i guess i am indirectly more referring to the debates that turn into arguments , or pseudo-arguments ... because i'm fine debating with people who ... this part gets me too . in my subjective view of reality , there is a big difference between fact and interpretation . i feel that sometimes , whether intentional or not , people try to pass off ... in reading around , i found this quote taken from an article extrapolating from lenore thomson's description of ni : this describes me exactly ( as does most of the other ni descriptions from that ... the isfps i've known are definitely daydreamer / imaginative types . they're considered artists , after all . very thoughtful , quiet and introspective . there are a lot of negative connotations that ... when i think of sex robot , i think of this classic music video * thumbs up * who has time for fun when there's a whole world to save ? ! ? ! ? ! ? but seriously , if i'm feeling lazy or like staying at home : - read , either a book , or ' hyperlink ' reading done on the internet ... my wife has used these in the past . it's said that if you tell a worry doll your worries , put it under your pillow at night , you are able to sleep soundly , free of worry . ' s evaluation ... this is so true it's uncanny . my nonsequitor two cents to add to this thread , then i'm spent here : science cannot satiate spiritual thirst , nor can it answer questions of existential urgency . if you're okay with believing the ... ha ! i do this too , okay is such a non-word , it's almost awesome . my favorite words of comfort are these everything will be okay . somehow , it always helps someone , but really says ... txwolves this discussion just reminded me of this : creation museum - creation , evolution , science , dinosaurs , family , christian worldview | creation museum ... what about lucy ( i . e . homonid fossil records ) ? you probably don't believe they were proto-humans , ergo had no souls / not made in god's image ... more likely akin to gorillas or chimps . right ? ... i'm being a bit flip with my responses , i don't mean any offense . of course a plane crash pales in comparison to derailing the universe . but neither you or i are particle physicists ( and least i ... ok ... i thought i addressed this succinctly enough , but here goes : risk is risk . it just is . is taking a vacation worth losing your life ? well , when you put it that way ... no way ! oh but ... i'm also equating taking a vacation with discovering the origins of the universe do you fly on airplanes ? a-ha , i see ! this would explain the several references to micro-evolution i noticed while browsing . the time i have to thoroughly read through all the posts / discussion here is limited , so instead of ... i haven't read through all of this heated debate thread ... debating religion vs . science is not really my thing , because i think atheists often miss the point of faith and religious ... i actually didn't even read ( or don't remember now ) the part where you referred to the homeless , so my example / analogy i gave about fi doms being more likely to view the homeless problem in a unique ... it seems so commonsensical to me too , and people have pointed out to me before that i'm being obvious when i make observations like this , but i think it's so easy to forget the obvious sometimes it's ... the cognitive functions should be set apart from trauma-induced behavior or psychological disorders . maybe a truer test of being an infj is having a trauma-free childhood , and still behaving the ... amen ! i'm just enjoying reading this interaction , too . you definitely seem more infj from the past few posts . is somewhat of a known skeptic when it comes to people correctly typing ... you're very welcome , glad to help :) okay , i see , i was definitely scanning / skimming the posts , so i must've missed this detail , but yes , definitely n more than s , therefore infp more than ... lol this is the epitome of a boredom-borne thread . i was summoned here ... read most of the thread posts ... and here are my thoughts , for what it's worth . first off , mbti suggests that only the subject , the individual being typed , can make a final ... i think every human being , regardless of type , has pondered what the rest of the world , and life in general , would be like without their existence . perhaps infjs do it more frequently / naturally ... as others have mentioned , it depends on what i'm doing . i was ambidextrous as a kid , and didn't choose a predominate hand for writing until i was older . the dominant hand i chose for writing and ... this is cause for celebration ! ( nom nom nom ) gratz , gratz , gratz ! :D hi all , i was hoping some of you si-dom isfjs would be willing to share with me your own personal perception of and experience with introverted sensing ( si ) . for some reason , i find si one of the ... please don't take this the wrong way , but in a way , you have a great advantage , because the people who don't want to deal with your wounds will eventually be eliminated from your field of potential ... we're all dying slowly . why not enjoy yourself a bit while doing it ? ;) '