' yes , please . a pack of 20 per day .. and with a good cup of black coffee . * double guilty * : s i don't know if i will quit someday , it's always a possibility , but not now . sincerely right now i'm ... man , i feel so depressed today . my problem is that i use to keep all the bad things i feel to myself and finally explode when i can't take it anymore . and the trigger can be really stupid things . so ... i'm a super night owl ! to wake up early in the morning was the worst nightmare for me since i was a child . i like to have the night for doing the things i like , but now i'm seriously considering ... happens all the time ! specially when it's about something controversial , or when trying to give a compliment ( i don't want to get misunderstood ) . i did it here too as well lol ! now i'm embarrased .. : s yes , sometimes , but i keep that to myself though . and i think the fact that i rather prefer to be alone most of the time than with people is the expression of that , at least partially . but then ... hey , if she thinks you're a warm person , that's because you are one ! sometimes we don't see ourselves as one , but i think a very close person can notice this . and you're certainly treating her ... you're welcome ! i'm glad it helped you a little . i found interesting you mentioned that meyers-briggs interaction , i don't use to think in that terms when it comes to the dynamics in our relationship ... well i'm engaged to a istp ( been together for 4 years ) , and so far it has been the best times of my life ! i was really surprised at the way he approached to me , very direct but in a subtle way so ... great article . i certainly feel this way sometimes , and though i know it's just a phase , i didn't know it was so common . and yes , i think it has something to do with feeling vulnerable , as the ... oh i love science ! that was one of my best classes in school ! i particularly love geology , astronomy and biology . lately i'm not really interested in poetry and arts in general anymore ( well , except ... omg i was so bad at sports in school ! i've tried volleyball , handball , hockey .. but i always had problems to focus in sports , also a bad coordination lol .. when i was playing , i was more interesting ... he looks like a nice guy , but it seems to me that he's - unconsciously maybe - ' forcing ' you to stablish some kind of compromise too soon . i mean , you can't just say to someone , after a month : you're ... hello everyone ! i read this thread two days ago , but wasn't sure about write something .. lol .. it's difficult to introduce myself , but once i get to know people i talk a lot hahaha ! ! but i'm feeling ... it's easier to name awful movies than good ones lol but .. if you want to see the worst of the worst you should watch bruno , with that crazy guy sasha baron cohen .. i mean , wth ? ? ? i saw it just ... i don't know what's happening to me lately . i mean , i feel good , but i'm more emotional than normal ( and i'm not near ' these days ' lol ) . but it happens when i see a movie and it has some scenes that ... i'm looking forward to go back to my country , at least for a few months ( 6 would be aaaweesoomee ! , but 3 months minimum would be great as well ) . i want to see so badly my family and my two best ... nothing supernatural will happen , but we have to be prepared for any case . disasters happen when you least expect it . they don't have a specific date . but i don't think things will get better either , ... lol this question reminds me a lot of my little sister , when she was 11 . we were at home , for new year's dinner , and i took my ( now ex ) boyfriend to dinner with us . we were talking but after we ... since 9 years ago that i don't really celebrate christmas . when i was living near my family , i used to go to dinner with them , since they are catholics . i went to catholic schools , but decided to ... i just finished watching a movie called snow flower and the secret fan , it's a story set in 19th century china and centered on the lifelong friendship between two girls who develop their own secret ... that's true .. sadly .. while i think we can learn from other people's experiences , sometimes we are blinded enough with our ' mundane ' difficulties that we can't see the whole picture so we keep on ... oh - oh .. lol ! just kidding .. well it's good to know you find a good answer to your question and that you're satisfied with your choice . that's the only thing that matters .. yeah , i know it's a good ... oh , yes , sorry , i forgot to answer your question . to be honest , i agree with other posters . that design it's not cool . i also think that tribals are unpersonal and outdated ( meaning they were just ... sorry , i meant the one * which covers one entire arm , i don't know why but i can't edit my post ? hmm , i've never dated anyone with a tatoo , maybe it's just a coincidence . but i kinda like it , it just have to be a good and original one , not to express ' sexyness ' in a trashy way ( i . e , i don't like ... omg .. that was terrible , really .. i'm so sorry to hear about it . i had some of those problems as well . i think this thread made me somewhat sad , remembering some things too , well it wasn't the ... what did u find most difficult in school ? waking up early in the mornings ! ! omg how i hated it .. i was the one of those who got their parents called by the teachers several times during my whole ... me too ! when i was younger i always asked to myself : omg , when will i be 20 already ? ! and here i am now , at the doors of my 30s already .. a lot of people agreed that after the 30s life gets better ... i read an article on psycology today about ' why we procrastinate ' , and i found some points interesting . for example this one , procrastinators are made not born . procrastination is learned in the ... if there is something i'm pretty realistic about , it's love . so i don't believe in this ' soul mates ' thing . i never did . but don't get me wrong , i actually think that is good . i don't believe in it , ... what can i tell you , i also have the same issue , i tend to left things unfinished . i actually did 2 years ' college - to become a paramedic - but i left it mostly because i didn't like it anymore and ... whoa , thanks ! this is really interesting , i'll check out the site . i've never thought either about what my last words would be , but i just hope i could be able to say it and to a loved one as well . ... you're welcome ! i like your signature , ' down in a hole ' , alice in chains .. looove that band ! :) i loved the wind-up bird chronicle by haruki murakami . i'm in love with his writtings ! and i'm looking forward to read ' 1q84 ' and ' norwegian wood ' as well . underground was a non-fiction book ... hi everyone ! i don't know how to embed images , but this is me under my profile's name .. lol i don't know how to use photobucket or whatever you guys use to post images , my bad :( some of the bands i relate to are depeche mode , u2 , alice in chains , camouflage , nin ... ^ _ ^ i love purple , then black and blue . but lately i like gray better . maybe it's because of the cold weather lol ! that looks an interesting game .. i've been looking and it seems they don't have for the psp version yet . i'm all for portables lol , but i'll look for a ps3 version then . i really enjoy puzzle ... i always loved an oscar de la renta perfume , so de la renta . it was a floral fruity esence . top notes are clementine , kiwi , gardenia , freesia , mango , watermelon and cardamom ; middle notes are ... hmm .. i'm not good defining other people's types , but i want to learn more about that . but i really love this 3 bands , they're my favorites too ! ! though i liked nightwish more when tarja turunen was ... yes , it's great you took your time to ask for wiser teachings from elderly people . i truly respect them . i think it's hard to give an advise regarding the most important things in life , because it ... thanks ! i like your positive view . and it's real , i've always felt attracted to joyful people . that makes my heart smile too and i feel wonderful , relaxed and like i can let my guards off because i ... yes , i can relate to you at that point . and i have the same problem , want to study but don't have money either . i've been quite depressed in the past because of that . but , knowing and accepting that ... i had 2 crush on highschool . but i never ever approached to them lol ! the silliest thing i did for a crush # 1 ( yeah , i could still die of embarrasment for that lol ! ! ) , was following him after ... lol well , it's kinda flattering someone wants to be an infp too eventhough they're not . well , not that i should consider weird as a compliment , but at the same time it is ? sometimes i think being ... hi everyone ! last days i read something that i liked a lot , it's a testimonial from a nurse who worked for many years taking care of people who were dying . it touched me a lot , and i thought it would ... awww , kitties and puppies have the power to melt my heart .. lol ! [ quote = zbillyz ; 1920558 ] this should get some laughs out of you =] / quote ] lol when i read the title of this thread , before clicking on it , i thought posting about this site too ! ! yeah , i really ... yeah , me too ! strangely as well , the relationships goes on smoothly and great ! but i also think it would be good if he was more interested in topics like arts or literature , which i enjoy . it's hard ... hi fellow infp , thanks for reading my post too . appreciated .. :) i can understand your pain as well , as i had similar issues as you when i lived with my parents . i'm your same age as well , so one ... '