reddit and snapchat . i really don't like it . ironically , i worked in a call center and was the best performer there for a hot second . it's probably because my hearing / attention span isn't the best and i can ... hire a samurai . i enjoy being feminine at times ( dressing nice , make up , jewelry , spas , mani / pedi , etc . ) but some aspects that are considered feminine are absolute torture for me ( i . e . shopping ) . i've tried to like ... socks are like pants for your feet . do you sleep with pants on ? savages ... cake curry and rice popcorn brussel sprouts mushroom ravioli we should have a chore support thread . :D literally the bane of my existence . i find that onenote helps sometimes . if i can't keep up with my lists and i'm starting to forget steps it's a sign to slow down and focus on prioritizing . ... egg in the basket with sriracha coffee pad kee mao chicken panang carrots 2 whiskey pad kee mao and panang curry i bike to work . living in one of the hilliest cities in the country and having a fairly unfriendly societal view on cyclists makes it incredibly annoying to commute , but it's free . i drive for ... pretty much what everyone just said . i don't really care if people hate me . there's some instances where i care ( like they ostracize me for something i did 4-5 years ago in a mutual social circle ) ... i thought i was bad before of letting people get close , but after a self-induced toxic relationship i've pretty much given up on letting anyone too close again . if anything , it would be a years-long ... people who go on power trips and think they're better than everyone else . bonus irritation points if they make an effort to let everyone know through passive aggression and snitching . people who ... i like wine because unlike other libations ( whiskey ) the price doesn't match the quality . $ 10 wine tastes the same as $ 100 wine to me . i'm a whiskey girl . ... rock lobster it astounds me how many people really got into what they said in the documentary after watching it . it was horrendous . i couldn't stop laughing when they tried to compare an egg to smoking 5 ... i think i am meant to be alone , and i have come to accept it . with some friends . thank you , mr . franzia , and of course ben and jerry . i wish it were easy to not need people in your life . i wish it were easy to put the wine glass down , too . i lost 15 lbs . in about one month , maybe two weeks . the trick ? i keep myself busy and pack small portions for lunch and breakfast . i'm usually too tired to eat dinner and bike an hour a day . ha , so many responses since getting cut off from the internet . thank you to those who provided a new perspective that i simply couldn't understand . for those who are curious , the girl is from a ... i was an energetic child , but probably very annoying . i only got more and more annoying to people as the years went on , and probably stopped being as obnoxious when i was graduating . now i'm a boring ... sleep and naps . guilty as charged , but this is child's play . i stink up bathrooms with 20 stalls easily . let me know when you stop working with noob poopers . i'm bad ? u200bhttp :/ / atomuniverse.net/au/uploads/monthly_2016_01/7a0a076a3f3701cfa273cc9167384750.jpg.3c5a244b216eefb8f7f48ec5bace9664.jpg i don't have issues with laptops , because people may have time sensitive tasks they need to complete and have meetings all day . i have an issue with phones though . i bet my ass you're not audibly ... i miss being young and having hope and excitement for things . oh well . 60 more years until retirement then ! nostalgia . both . i wonder if i'm capable of living off the grid . and whatever happened to accountability ? don't get too engrossed in a hobby , because most of the time it becomes less fun and eventually causes burn out . try finding a balance of enjoying the moment with whatever you like to do and putting ... angry . some people have a lot of pride in where they came from and what to do everything in their power to make it better like they remember it . depending on the place people might not just know anything ... are you likely to not answer or tangent from a topic of conversation if the answer you were going to provide would upset the other person ? by other person , i mean a significant other . why not ? you'd be surprised to see how many people aren't the right type of people for a friendship . not everyone meshes , and that's okay . don't fake a friendship you know won't work out . do you have any ... oh starbucks . i do not miss working there . i eventually ended up quitting because the cleaning products the store uses ate up my skin so bad i couldn't stand to work there anymore . plus , i only ... i used to during my childhood . it's not my thing . i'm already happy and grateful for you not only recommending the book , but knowing that with the new changes of my life with my first job i can go to the library during the day and get it whenever ... you should be happy . supposedly . when you tell people you have been in a fairly happy and stable relationship for almost a year , recently got a huge promotion , began to start up your artistic ... the previous position i was in tried really hard to persuade me to work from home . i talked to my supervisor about it ( who has done it for two years ) and basically said it's great because you can ... anything that pays the bills and you don't hate going to . when i was young , confused , and thought i was entp , i thought becoming a lawyer would be a profession worth investing in as it somewhat interested me . i discovered myself more , even dated a lawyer or ... eh , i'm more into what dreamworks churns out . every now and then disney will have something i'm excited about , but it's not as intense as dreamworks hype . i miss being single . 