' after all this time , intj is still on top of my preference in terms of relationships ( and friendships too ) lol but it's been hard to find one . where can i find an intj ? hahah kirjuri edisthgirb thanks for your insights :D i have contacted him again and we went out for lunch . everything seemed normal like before and he didn't bring up anything about the cancelled ... i have a huge problem with my infj friend , i hope you guys can help me since i don't know what's the best thing to do .. he's a very close friend of me . we would talk / text everyday on random - very ... enfj must be fun to hangout with ! i have only been friends with an ambivert infj and i wonder if it's going to be the same with you enfjs ! - haven't been here for such a very long time . and i thought the confession thread was this one thread xd it's amazing to go back . i wasn't an active user who posted a lot but i used to check ... i wonder why my romantic journeys haven't really turned out right .. this is getting frustrating for me and i'm such a huge feeler ( we are all here ... ) i've expected too much out of nothing . this ... haha i like how you say infj as our cousins . i do get along very well with an infj and we're best friends . a bit judgmental at times , but if it's in a good context , it can help us infps to grow ... lol : tongue : you're both introverted , so it's not a bad thing it's been 4 pages already . and looking at the dates , it's not that long at all .. don't be discouraged ! : cool : it's normal to think ... haven't been here for a while and now it's already 4 pages : laughing : how's it going though ? if the two of you aren't much closer than before , i would say to back away from this question ... i'm interested in people around me . since you two are in the same office that would be easier to take notice of what's going on around you two and talk about it ( not gossiping ok lol ) just don't ... cheap .. even just to swipe and look around ? ? i'm curious .. lol my brain is always ' on ' .. to daydream .. lol you may not really interested in infps since it's not on your list , but i have some free time , so i'll answer this :D te is not my main function , but ... sounds to me that he's just shy , and not confident enough in contacting you , since you said he kept apologizing for messaging you . but he still likes and comments your posts anyway , it means he wants ... i don't think he had doubts about you because the two of you didn't have the same common interests . as an infp , being together with people of different interests is interesting because we get to ... thanks , that's a really good point :) but when the feelings are too strong , it really bothered my thoughts and ended up feeling worse .. ah well .. i can't decide which is worst : feeling suicidal or wishing someone else's death the title means let's end it here yes , a breakup song some of the highlighted lyrics because it's in korean : feels .. it is for me too , sadly ... santafox like i mentioned before , yes it's always been the same guy . just some record for others as well .. patience will be much rewarded then ? lol i don't know who's in your profile picture , maybe your ex ? but you looked so happy , and my heart hurts looking at it . it feels so stupid and i feel so stupid . but my heart still hurts . this . i actually have the same thought deep down but to get this reaffirmed by someone else only makes it more convincing .. but to talk about my past experiences , maybe i failed a lot because i ... as i had times before where i would think maybe i'm an enfp , i still am sure that i'm an infp , an outgoing one ( sometimes ) xd the bold parts are both me , eventhough i'm more about meeting new ... even when the signs are obvious , why do i still feel frustrated ... ? is it about me being an infp or him being intj or it has nothing to do with types at all .. ? enlightens me please my estj older brother always says to me that i should never initiate any contact to any guy , even if i like him , and to only answer when guys talk to me first . i found it impractical when there are ... i'm so glad i've got transferred to a new office . although the pressure is bigger and i feel shitty most of my time out of a few hours there .. at least there's a starbucks on the ground floor xd i ... second this . but sometimes those validation are so subtle that i missed . but still , it should be extravagant no ? lol xd i wish i could be stronger i wish i could be more positive , on every single things i wish i could be stronger by myself i wish i don't have to depend on anyone i wish i could stop time , so i ... xd i know i've been sooo weak and too apologetic ! ! ! > __ < i'm sorry ( again ) i will try again laterr xd edit : i was too emotional , it wasn't appropriate . sorry sorry blank post is it too much to ask you to be understanding of me , when i have given my understanding and trusted you . i don't ask you to always understand me , i just need you to understand that people are ... please be more sensitive about this ! you're so heartless ... falcon 5 haha i remember when i nagged him to do the mbti test and he didn't seem interested , he seemed avoiding the topic of mbti . when i finally send the link to him , he said he actually done the ... we have a lot of similarities in our interests so most of our discussions are something we're interested mutually . well , sometimes he talks about something i don't really care , but i just nod along ... yep he'd been working until midnight last week and maybe still up until now . when he's quite free he would text me in the morning through the afternoon , but none when he's busy , which i don't mind ... i have an isfj friend who i enjoyed talking to . he always seems like he's enjoying his time talking to me , like he always answers enthusiastically when we're in a discussion . but sometimes when i ... thx for the input ! i will try to speak maybe one day when we're in the middle of long conversation or can i say that you give excuses , say , to protect whatever relationship you have with the ... noble tartis thanks for your insight .. i was pretty emotional when i wrote it and looking back at it now , it really is not clear on the context , it sort of looked like an emotional rant .. i'm ... thank you green girl santafox dabbling very much appreciated i'm sorry if i tried to generalize intjs here ... never meant to say it that way .. thanks anyway .. i don't think i'm able to confront ... do you guys intjs really mean what you say ? would you put up a thoughtful smart excuse , so as not to be seen as a rude person ? are you also part of those people who drop signs subtly and ... i'm an infp and my older brother is an estj . total opposites . there are times when we fight and argue , most of them in a healthy way though .. back in the days we got along very well , i was so ... i was about to recommend a book for you , but nevermind , i forgot you don't read romance ... oh , i did send him a ping message asking how's thing going and he replied the day after texting with his usual style , as if nothing happened . well , nothing happened actually , so .. yeah nothing ... ah , my opening up pace really depends how the other person reacts . once i opened up in no time to an intj , but it had been light-years ago : tongue : i mostly read fictions , preferably those of haruki ... 125 . but the description doesn't suit me . it's irrelevant ... : unsure : i'm not , it is messy : tongue : i'm too absorbed in unreality to tidy things up : laughing : whoa , i said the wrong line ? : blushed : * put them on the ground * : laughing : my bookshelves so messy i just can't show it . : laughing : you have to wait until i open up slowly : blushed : now go and recharge yourself : laughing : well , i always thought he has enough interest in me , since we met on dating site ( meaning he's looking for a gf rite .. ) but tbh , i don't know , since ... mostly i go what my feeling tells me first . of course , we're infp ;) but then as time goes by , i also have to consider what my brain says . then i don't know which one to listen to : my heart or my ... i've never met an infp guy before .. well , not that i know of would like to know what's it like to talk to one . but that would be impossible , because we're shy and none of us would initiate ... '