' oh yes they do . i met one when i was 16 . we did an intense load of nothing . nobody confessed and nothing happened . then we kept in touch for 6 years . going to spend christmas with him and his family ... my intj partner said : i'm attracted to you and i think you're attracted to me . how about we give this a go ? i think i'm a pretty fabulous person , and my various dates and boyfriends seem to agree that i am : 1 . low drama 2 . very intelligent 3 . great sense of humor 4 . great sense of style 5 ... well it seems we're going to dances , vacationing together for christmas and then attending a symphony on the 1st of january . at this point it's become a relationship in all but name . oh well . i don't ... just to clarify , by not supposed to do i don't mean i have rules for this relationship . but as i understand fwb's , we're essentially platonic friends who have sex , and no more . so outside of sex , ... intelligent handsome ( to me . i tend to go for cute people more ) large , soulful eyes blond green eyes sense of humor likes visual arts tall ( 5 ' 10 to 6 ' 3 ) well read plays an instrument well pretty much where i'm at . i just want my emotional equilibrium to return . the few weeks of freedom after my last relationship ended is too good to give up now . i have better things to do . well i'm not sure i want more . to be perfectly honest he doesn't fit the type of person i'd envisioned being with . of course it boils down to wants and not real needs ; he can probably fulfill my ... i've found myself in a sexual quasi relationship with an intj friend-turned-i-can't-tell-what . since i'm intj you'd think i'd know the answer to this , but truth is , i'm stumped . there are so many ... i graduated magna cum laude ( top 15 % ) in a top 10 school without studying all the time . like wut ? ditto . i wouldn't write that . not many people on okcupid are in perfect physical shape . people expect that . who knows . maybe the girl will actually not mind this once she starts talking to you . but ... probably . maybe he's just telling me all these things because he wants me to understand him , or maybe he doesn't have a filter . i think he definitely has some amount of romantic intention . for ... ideal : 5 ' 10 . significantly taller than me . it's a sweet spot . i'm just 5 ' 2 . practically i don't care as long as they're above 5 ' 7 . just noticeably taller please . i'm really short . well , she's not technically his ex . more like for some reason they were never able to be together and he dumped his ex because he thought he could finally reconnect with her . turns out she moved on ... i think by a certain age if we have a skill that remains undeveloped we start to get the sense it's just not in us to learn it ... which is incidentally why learning an instrument as an adult is so ... don't admit defeat . because would it sound bad if i told you being intj is not an issue ? here's how i see it . i've become rather good at this whole romance business . i wasn't always good . in ... he's five years older than me , but yeah , it doesn't sound like he's very mature . he had a rough childhood and was forced to grow up very fast ; what he has been able to accomplish in his professional ... to me , contentment is knowing that the world is imperfect and coming to terms with it . that doesn't mean we cease to struggle , but it's the knowledge that nothing is fundamentally wrong . it's seeing ... i know y'all get bored of long stuff very easily ( maybe infps are better about this ) so i'll try to keep this short . i know rationally i shouldn't even consider him a prospect but i just want the ... actually that's called type development . if you're in your teens to early 20s you're supposed to exhibit much more te than before . your ni isn't gone , but it's not so comparatively dominant an aspect ... i think this one is great ... i think people let unspecific fear paralyze them into inaction , not realizing that even if they were all to happen , it's really not that bad , and they can entirely work ... or in other words , words to engrave on your phone so you can look at it everyday . what would you put ? and i don't mean long quotes and essays . but simple , bite sized , usable / practical phrases ... i know this is meant to be parody but damn , the older i get the more i hold this view . people take their little lives so seriously . i need to do everything perfectly the first time around . what do i ... math major here ;) physics , chemistry and biology , duh . these fields , and applications of them ( biochem , psychiatry , physical chemistry , neuroscience , geology etc ) , are the only sciences i'm interested in mastering . i put myself in different characters by giving at least one aspect of my motivations and feelings ( which are not mbti-related ) to each character , this way i can write them with the same conviction ... ^ rebecca and mei lin are not my actual names ... i didn't want to disclose my actual name . these were just used as examples of what my name could look like . long story short , my english name ... the name i really dislike is my english given name . i like my chinese name in chinese only . in chinese it's full of meaning and sounds nice . in english it's just wtf is that . why are you named ... i'm from a former british colony and when i was born , the custom was to have the transliteration of your chinese name , along with an english given name , as your official first name . just to take a ... i tend to go with entj for f / z archer . he definitely has some of that ni in there , especially when he engages in all that banter / strategizing with kirei . as for f / z lancer , i think i see more ... well , the idea is that somebody would be selected to give a presentation or a lecture ( the public speaking part ) on a nerdy subject . then we will all have learned something new . then the rest of the ... i'm graduating college soon but i don't want to stop being nerdy , not even in the real world . so , to meet like minded individuals , be nerdy , and practice public speaking and networking skills , i'd ... the infps i know , with the exception of one , always struck me as more emo , than naive and cute . either that or i always catch them in a depression . i'm a playground bully . this is why i call my enfj silly every chance i get . i poke him every other chance i get . he's so pokable . rawr . apparently if i ever dump my enfj because i felt he was too giving and i couldn't give him half of what he gives me , he's never going to be my friend and would never forgive me - that's one of the ... i've heard this often enough i think it's worth addressing , namely that some people fall in love with nts because they're intriguing and expecting to find some gooey insides . while it's true that ... this again depends on his age . i will say personally i'm not so blunt but then i never had siblings ( in other words , people i can put down with impunity without significant social consequences ) . i ... i used to . i was the smartest kid on the block , and all that . having an iq in the 99 + percentile , it's not hard . i went to a top college and met people . i'm by far not the smartest here and most ... how old is your son ? he's probably developing his auxiliary te and still doing so . it's clear he's not on the fi stage . every intj goes through this stage . some expresses it negatively . most of us ... i'm an intj with add . i'm not an infp so my advice is going to sound ruthless and te ish but here goes . get your adhd under control . right away . anything that you like , anything fun , once it ... if you've read my op , i neither thought he was angry nor disliked him :P ^ fluidity in the latin context . i can't speak it , of course ( who can anyway ? except priests ? ) but my reading is pretty high up there . i just like it a lot ... took a lot of college classes in it . it ... delete please how many languages can you speak / have you learned ? mandarin chinese ( fluent ) cantonese chinese ( fluent ) . they're as different as separate languages . you can believe me or not - not interested in ... you need an education to get a good job in our society . and i'm not talking about calculus or anything like that , but a basic equivalent of a high school education which you seem to currently lack ... are you sure your problems stem from being gifted ? it seems like there are many other things going on with you and you're attributing them all to giftedness . there are plenty of happy gifted people ... i don't agree with your observations of all of them , but here's an attempt : i think the stereotypes come from how society at large view different types . you'll never find an enfp villain ( if you can ... yeah . and guns don't actually kill people . bullets do . and the fact that the human body is too sissy to defend against bullets . :d ry : i agree . because people see art as a more inspiration-based thing , and we all hear of prodigies who need no hard skills to be disgustingly successful , too many people think that their amateur ... i've not known infjs to act like that . you might have mistyped him . genuine infjs are all stripes focus more on other people than their own lil feewings , even if they are supremely fucked up inside ... '