' i always wish i'm an entp when i'm interacting with people . with better fe , it maybe easier . ( maybe ) estp : colonel kilgore , blood knight istp : the engineer , the quiet one esfp : fun personified estj : inspector javert , badass bureaucrat , control freak istj : yes-man , the reliable one esfj : the ... estp type most likely to farts or burps in public istj : task-dedicated isxp type most likely to use black for wall color this is why i hate the word . estj : questioning and unchangeable boss . wierd . it sounds negative to me . unconventional , unusual , and different is better . this . and using sarcasm when answering , honest but mocking answer is fine though . most of my ( non-bad-boys ) male classmate , and my family . as long we all don't interact at the same time . insects zoomed . the small ones are fine , but zoomed ... i don't want to see any details . i rarely browse about other mbti type other than mine ( true introvert ) , so i can't post many feeler 1 ) what is your mbti type ? intp 2 ) what is your gender ? male 3 ) what type ( s ) do you ... when you're the only one one in the room who can solve minesweeper . extp , they just seem cool . so , does anyone has a tips for this ? it's a hilarious example of productizing . and it's true . yes , or sometimes i talk to nobody . becoming full of knowledge and teaching it to close friends and have at least decent economy . but if i have a great social skill , that would be a great achievement and i can consider myself ... warning : still cold from freezer . don't get near with things i don't like . ignoring this warning could cause broken heart and tears . Do: - love math , computer and science - cold and calm - shy and unsocial - nerd - love theories - self-reflective maybe do , maybe don't : - emotional . well , i hide it , so i'm not sure where it fits . if done good : dirty pun , visual pun , sarcasm , slapstick , innuendo , jokes always good : irony when you realize how good you are at logic games when you keep your door closed even when nobody else is at home 1 . blue 2 . calm , knowledge-lover , shy when i summarize my chess-playing style . it's not very annoying when people say i'm smart . the annoying part is when people say i thought you're smart to me . melancholy 7 sanguine , 71 melancholy , 21 choleric , 21 phlegmatic intp interested : math , computer , physics , writing , pyschology uninterested : dance , biology , language '