' that's what we're thinking . at least the puppy is aware that her friend is gone - she saw the body . it's just unfortunate because he was the well-behaved one . it'll be hard to replace him . yeah . i just wonder what we're going to do with the puppy . she did admire the older dog , but i don't think she processed that he's gone for good . i'm just trying to think how not to make her ... could be definitely intriguing ... and probably result in a high amount of financial success . by being completely apathetic and heartless , you could possibly amass a wide fortune by backstabbing ... narcissism - 14 % machiavellianism - 57 % psychopathy - 9 % i can agree with these results . when i really want something , i can flatter and give gifts pretty easily . i hate to also admit it , ... i definitely sometimes have the urge to just become a hermit and disconnect my life from everybody . i kinda agree with these points . there are some places that you shouldn't start pulling jokes ( i . e . very sad funeral , serious business meeting ) . jokes overall are very subjective . you might be ... well ... one of my pet dogs got loose from the cage , escaped onto the street , and died via getting hit by a car . i'm a bit sad ( though it's a bit morbidly ironic because he was always clever ... and ... i'm sure human workers will either get specialized or get transferred to a different departments . robots can only do so much ... and eventually you're going to need a human element in the system in ... for me , it's quite normal . i have also lost friends over it , but my closest friends usually just tolerate it . to be quite honest , i usually like having alone time , so i do drop out of ... i think it's an idealistic , but foolhardy goal . unless one becomes a true hermit , you'll have to contend with other personalities . with those other personalities , you will have to lie from time to ... since i'm still trying to eke out a future for myself , i'm mostly occupied about worrying and planning my future in regards to career and relationships ( more former than the latter though ) . so you want a james doohan's funeral ? :p roud : as a youth , i was awkward , quiet , and shy . i preferred to read books and do homework than socialize with the other children . heck ! i even resorted to playing with ants instead of interacting with ... e-books are definitely more economical in terms of accessibility and price . however , the feel and smell of a good ole book is something that can't be captured by an e-book . also , not all books i ... i'm working to get to that point for my special somebody . i do like to cook , though i'm still developing my skills . i can do laundry and wash dishes though :p roud : . intj for me . people like to think that intjs are these invincible chessmasters who don't give a crap about society and just win regardless of their lack of sociability . as an intj ( not very ... that's not a bad thought to have . i do put my passions out in the open ( well ... the intellectual ones ) , but it does give off the impression that i'm both insensitive and arrogant . this is ... books , disney pins , and naval artifacts for me . i'm really trying to downsize at the moment ... it's definitely special to find somebody who shares your interests / passions :p roud : . hello ! i thought this would be an interesting question for intjs . i don't know if anybody can relate to this , but i realized that i can ramble on about my passions ... even if the person listening ... this is a bit of a morbid topic , but i thought it would make for an interesting discussion considering the stereotypical dynamic of an intj - a bit of an isolationist who doesn't usually reach out ... criticizing is good . heck ! my family is the complete opposite since they tend to do everything according to some level of tradition . i'm the one in my family that tends to go off the beaten bush ... it must be my asian upbringing , but i do have a respect ... and even enjoyment of tradition ... to a certain degree . i could respect tradition if there is some logical understanding behind it ... or if ... i would guess a psychologist could help with that . there are a lot of fears that are grounded in realism ( i . e . fear in jumping off a cliff since doing that = death ) . for me , i fear getting ... probably financial and relationship security . with money , i can buy what i want and provide the necessities for my loved ones . for relationships , i can share my success and my interests with a ... i may not show my feelings easily in an outward manner , but i do feel internally . for example , i could make a mistake in public . on my face , i could politely smile or not react to my error . on ... with acquaintances or superiors , i don't tend to use mean words . heck ! i'm very neutral and polite in public ( people have compared me to a posh butler ) . with my personal friends though , i'm a ... according to wikipedia , anime just refers to any animation - hand-drawn or computer - done in japan - anime itself was actually started in the early 20th ... not all anime shows are immature romps through power fantasies and fanservice . anime is just another way of saying japanese animation . like american animation , you can get a spectrum - whether it ... i have definitely become like this during times of heavy stress , becoming a crazy-minded lunatic who believed everybody was cheating and everybody was out to get me to fail . on the outside , i was ... that's the same with a lot of my friends . they initially think i'm a bit bland when they first meet me ( i don't exactly help that with my placid expression , formal speech , and more adult ... i can agree with your answer as well . to add onto that , i'm willing to get out of my comfort zone if there is something to gain from it , whether it be a job , money , or reputation . after all , ... ah ! that is an intj flaw to be sure . we do love to get obsessed with the stuff we love , whether it be mbti or other topics ( military history for me . there are so many videos and books to view on ... good luck ! personally , i do like some dead-time , but i tend to still be thinking of something ... even when doing something else . i'm kinda neurotic about my life :d ry : ... i've been called cold or emotionless a few times . i'm not too bothered by it . as others have said , repressing anger is bad . find a good hobby to release such anger . it could be either calming ( i . e . listening to soft music , drawing , painting ) or aggressive ( i . e . sports ) . nazis were derivative of fascists and fascists are seen as far right-wing in regards to the political spectrum . heck ! hitler admired mussolini - the man who really put fascism into practice in his ... awww ! you're so kind : laughing : as ill as it is to say , this is kinda the crux of free speech . heck ! i recall we're one of the only unique countries that allow such things . in other places ( including pretty liberal europe ) , ... christians took muslims and muslims took christians . as much as slavery is seen as barbaric today , it was actually an important part of building empires , which indirectly led to the creation of the ... nonsense ! famed archeologist nicholas cage proved that there is confederate gold hidden in its walls ! i'm hijacking your question , partly because there is a disconnect between confederate monuments and ... well ... other american monuments . i can definitely understand why people want to dismantle ... i enjoy historical / cultural humor and puns . i love lots and lots of puns : tongue : fists and kicks can be weapons . we only have weaponized tools to make killing more efficient . people will still side-kick , sucker-punch , and bite others if they get the chance . as much as i don't really like trump ( i don't mind the evil part ... he's just not that politically savvy a la regan or nixon ) , it's kinda true that the american liberals went ape-shit after the ... of course , what is god ? is it a vindictive punishing titan who peruses through everybody's life ... or is it a kind , benevolent father / mother-figure who ensures everybody is cared for ? if i have a chance to prepare for public speaking , i tend to love it . it's especially enhanced when i have a visual aid with me , mostly because it allows me to crack snarky jokes to the crowd . ... i personally like buttoned-up shirts and jeans . for the most part , i love wearing aloha shirts because it reminds me of hawaii :p roud : . i think that human nature is selfish , though the degree of being selfish depends on the person . after all , humans are animals and most animals tend to prioritize survival above all else . thus , they ... believe me . i'm aware of the mental anguish that goes into medicine ... whether it be from news reports , my job as a scribe ( i meet a lot of rotating medical students ) , or first-hand accounts from ... '