' flare hi everybody ! i don't know what to say but hi ! this forum used to mean so much to me . good to see it's still going strong . all you infps are beautiful . life has been a roller coaster this year . i ... right ! when you're young and unmarried , you are just friends with both sexes and it doesn't seem to matter . i have always had more guy friends than gal friends . that's just how i have always been . i ... i am super lonely . more lonely than i have ever been in my life . i feel like more of a freak than i have ever felt . i feel like my friends don't like me anymore or just stopped caring . weekends go by ... sometimes i'll be almost asleep at night and suddenly i'll jolt myself awake as a split second flash of a car accident plays in my mind . i'll be in the driver's seat and looking out the windshield ... disconnected with the world , withdrawn , reserved , invisible , stuck in my head this made me chuckle . yep , pretty much . i feel the same way ! i suppose you could get a tattoo of your arm on your tattooed arm , or a tattoo of your back on your tattooed back but then it would end ... i confess that i am way more excited for nascar season to start than any infp should ever be . same here . it's a running joke in my house that i'll drink the cold coffee from hours ago before i'll drink the hot , fresh stuff . i hate those thermoses they make these days that are metal and keep ... down in the dumps today . i feel very cut off from the rest of the world . i feel like i'm a billion miles away from anybody . i even feel estranged from myself . i am like a dulled down version of ... those are all very valid points . thanks for your insight . i have read about decreased sex drive when pregnant , which i had . i figured it'd return after having the baby . it didn't . i breastfed for ... yep ! same ! i will likely plant myself somewhere and wait for people to talk to me . if no one does , then i'm fine just sitting and watching the room . i also might hover around the food . if there is an animal or ... you know what's happy in my life right now ? i have a awesome job . well , it's my second job and it's only part time and it's only going to last another 3 months , but it's awesome . i've never had a ... no way . i need to feel like no one is watching me . i need privacy . i need a sound sleep . i can't imagine having those things when there is a frickin ghost hanging around ! 1 . knowledge of music 2 . my depth of understanding 3 . ability to see the good in everybody . i've been thinking about thank-you cards . when you've diligently written them your entire life and then you come to the realization you never get thank you cards in the mail despite the fact you also ... i confess that i am deeply afraid i may have become asexual . why am i afraid ? because i'm married and i was very much heterosexual when i got married . i was horny all the time . but 3.5 years ago i ... oh man i forgot about the infp forum for a little while . i'm so glad it's here though because i really want to be here right now . i've been thinking a lot about alcoholism lately . my mom was ... i got a job at a university library cataloging a record collection that was donated to them . the donor had collected 1200 records of romani music . it will be my job to catalog and archive them all ... i dream about answering questions . like someone is constantly interviewing me about my life . i am constantly rehashing my perspectives on every thing from apples to life philosophies . i go through ... i also confess that i have a strong dislike for memes . they bug the crap out of me . 99/100 of them are stupid . there i said it . back in 2009 i lost 40 pounds . i had a baby and gained 50 pounds . a few months ago i started trying to lose weight and i lost 30 pounds . i want to lose 20 more but i have come to a stagnant ... sorry in advance for the giant block of text but i don't feel like making it easier for anyone . so there . i really need some help . i am super depressed . i made an appointment with a therapist ... i have been more depressed than usual , on and off for a couple years . i have been in a pretty bad funk the last month . i looked up my old therapist from 2008 and put his phone number in my phone ... life is good right now . my son is almost 3 years old and getting better at playing independently . he is also hilarious and smart . and cute . i have lost 22 pounds . i joined weight watchers two ... i'll do this . 1 . do feel like you have more emotions than most other people ? yeah , in certain instances . sometimes i get desensitized to things as a way of coping , though . i force myself not to ... i'm so out of it . haven't had a good night's sleep in a few days . some days i just feel burdened by everything . i have a really hard time asking for help , it racks me with guilt . i haven't had a fun ... why are creative women dismissed as âx80x98quirkyâx80x99 ? | eva wiseman | life and style | the guardian to my quirky infp lady friends . you are geniuses . too much gives me heart palpitations . and by too much , i mean if i were drink to more than 20oz , i get crazy heart . but with just a cup or two a day , i'm great . i love coffee , i love caffeine . back ... i saw a magician once at a cafe doing a magic show . obviously , this was an illusion of some kind , but i can't figure out how he did it and i've been puzzled ever since . he had an audience member sign ... haha , i love beef and men too ! this post made me laugh . i get what you're saying . i have a crap ton of very political friends on facebook who are always posting articles and petitions and memes and ... i have a bachelors in psychology and never did anything official with it other than volunteer . i wanted to go into research psychology but my path ended up taking me elsewhere . i now am basically a ... guess i'm an oddball . i have been a serial monogamist for 20 years and am now married . i haven't been single for more than 4 months since age 14 ( now 35 ) . i am not bragging at all , in fact i wonder ... my grandpa was a hot tempered , good ol ' boy from the south . he was quick to anger but slow to do everything else . one day , i was trying to walk past him through a doorway as he was in the middle of ... hey infps . you guys are cool ! the feeling is mutual , aelthwyn . :) hey thanks . i remember also dealing with pushy parents telling me i had to play with strange children who just happened to be in the same location we were , as if we would automatically get along ... i posted this in the happy thread but , eh , what the hell . it can go in here too . :) - - - my two year old son has social anxiety . i'm not surprised at all seeing that majority of his family members ... my two year old son has social anxiety . i'm not surprised at all seeing that majority of his family members on both sides are introverts . it comes naturally . with that said , today i took him to a ... beautiful . what a beautiful man . i feel very drawn to this conversation with you and sittapygmaea . and yes , i think it is a trait of infps to sit afterward and go over every conversation and interaction , analyzing it to shreds . i ... dang , got beat to the w . xxxtra cheezzz on my pizzzaaa ! walter ! <3 <3 <3 ( that's my son ! : happy :) udon ! i crave it at least once a week . ( my apologies if this has already been posted , i didn't read past page 1 . but i truly ... my name is 30 years behind the times . when i introduce myself to people my own age , quite often i am told , oh that's my mom's name ! or that's my aunt's name ! popular in the 1950s . no , not debbie ... super depressed today . feeling like a failure as a person , family member , friend , etc . i feel clueless . i don't know what people want from me . i don't know how to do this whole thing . i don't know ... this thread was started by me three years ago . wow . update ! i'm not like this anymore . i quit doing dumb things and now i'm no longer living with a devil on my shoulder . i feel a lot better about ... when you're in a shitty mood , there is something very satisfying about discretely making other people listen to the music you like when you have a gut feeling they hate it . also , at my work , i can ... '