' surround yourself with great people that striving for things that aint for the feeble minded , don't be blinded , what's that that worth 1000 words ? this picture bigger than the earth , expanding ... my opinion and advice ? let her actions speak for themselves , if you are confident enough in her , allow her to prove herself . a committed entp is successful one . keep her motivated and earn her ... i just find the whole situation strange . i've mentioned before that i have a thing for thighs . she shot down all my suggestions for outside activities . she could ask me about any of my multitude of ... need opinions on this istps . so this is my situation . prologue : istp's mom and my mom are best friends and have been since before either of us were born . we've seen and interacted with each other ... i care but don't care at the same time . as a once popular teen i got caught in the hype of being a pretty boy ( someone who takes care of themself to an almost feminine level ( washing face when ... i love how you missed the obvious dick joke :D should post a link sparkie , i would read but i'm not going to search for it . and the grammy award for most random off topic entp response goes to * drumroll * okwhat ! ! ! intp disappointed with entp ? ! not surprised . thanks , * holds hand * you're so awesome * hugs * you should be my local infj * caresses hand while staring into eyes * if they were any loopholes to seeing her , i would have taken advantage of them ... i am accused of being a player regularly , i'm not though , it's that xntp charisma . the few times we have been alone she has exhibited those traits you listed , she's actually asked me to keep my ... i'm talking to an infj for 4 months now and she's really confusing to understand . i can't tell if she views me as just a friend or love interest . notable points / events : - she occasionally ... klawlor awoke at a respawn point stupefied . the joker explained to him that sometimes people aren't meant to be in his life forever , klawlor already knew this of course having been enlightened by bob , and was just using the conversation to ... i must be entp thought klawlor , gauging his actions and motivations i'll just troll the damn bee until he leaves . klawlor woke up from his vivid shroom trip where he hallucinated that his life's meaning had a closure before death , and walked to a nearby fair where he met a bee named megatuxracer who was a total ... bob showed him the secrets of the universe , and klawlor finally learned the true meaning and pronunciation of his name . yes . adorable . <--- period ends sentence and discussion . to my lair , you devil you . awww so adorable . i just want to hug you and squeeze you and call you george . * collects data and vanishes in a puff of smoke along with sela * the females understand , you don't share our connection :) when you ask your entp more than a friend to record himself sleeping . o . o ; yea , i got that part covered , just trying to figure out her intentions . met this istj female through a mutual friend , she's a model and i wrote and directed a speech and video for her presentation in a competition she had entered , i kept it strictly business during our ... i have an essay due tomorrow as well as a 9am exam , i have no idea what my essay is on yet , and studying ? pffft * logs onto lol * when people say you're deep or philosophical when your intentions were just to be an ass , but you ride with it anyway . good to know i'm not alone . when you're described as he's foolish but not stupid . progressive professor urges white male students to commit suicide during class | diversity chronicle i start where most people end and work to the beginning :) jealousy angry ... the worst kind . i wish i could be that free too . when you've been called a walking paradox . to quote my infj friend you are a mix breed of old and young , stupid and smart , responsible and reckless . you just got issues dude i used to do the tissue thing when i was younger lol , now i just create a safety net with the tissue so that the water doesn't splash when i hover , less time consuming and icky . the finger conductor ... hmm , well , when i was 15 , i was in a relationship with a girl that i did not trust ( fidelity wise ) as well as an ongoing power struggle . so i created a new email account for live ( or msn messenger or ... makes sense . chalk my lack of thought to fatigue / lazy brain syndrome . i just thought theirs was less amazing in a nutshell . when someone tells you don't do anything ( stupid / dumb / etc ) and you have to ask them for their definition of stupid / dumb too see exactly how much leeway you have . so what is my inner monologue ? o . o i'm so proud of you , you exceed all my expectations that's ... a pretty sane and well thought out idea and plan of action stop being a statue ! this happens to me almost daily . girls think it's cute though so * shrug * hey guys , tl ;D r : i have an infp female friend and an infj male friend that became acquainted with each other through me . i'm usually a lone wolf but this infj guy tagged along and i guess i've ... i got pissed off twice today , which is a first for non-familial incidents . i stopped by to check in on a intp that i'm grooming and during said stop i remembered that i was supposed to check my email ... o . o * entp giggle * agnostic atheist - can't prove anything , don't care . i could write a more consistent bible is all i know . hi , i'm a 22 yr old kid who can sometimes be wise beyond my shoe size according to my friends . i'm somewhat of a real life bugs bunny but with joints instead of carrots , hence the name . i'm from ... things i regularly say : it wasn't me , i'm too cute me ? i'm an angel * smile * stop comparing me to stitch :( that's unfortunate i look at the justice vs mercy question from a personal point of view . i believe that if you break a rule that you are aware of then you are due a fair punishment based on the action and it is ... narcissism 80 % 60 % unconventionality 88 % 64 % i'm currently treating personalities like pokemon , i have all of the n's covered as far as people i care about ( tho i haven't met another entp ) fun fact : i was raised by a isfj single mom , ohhh ... you know you're an entp when you make everyone you know take mbti tests under the guise of self-knowledge when really you just want them to read your profile so you can be understood . 1 . ) unethical i'm very unethical . i only have 2 rules . 1 . die of old age , enjoy life , me before everyone else 2 . those i care about count as me 2 . ) joker very much so . it depends really , it's usually the angry look , but if i'm in a situation where i'm enjoying myself i have a big grin 66708 i met an infj last semester . it was the 2nd week and we sat next to each in statistics , i asked to borrow his calculator and we've been inseparable since . i read somewhere that our types are ... '