' nice to see we agree on most characters :) pulaski is hard to type , he's a sadist but also tenpenny's brown noser . catalina is so estp it's great . wow , lol . do you watch coronation street and / or eastenders ? i'd be interested in your typings for either of those , if you do . anybody here played gta : san andreas ? my typings : cj : esfp sweet : estj tenpenny : estj big smoke : entp ryder : istp kendl : enfp come on , i know some of you must have played this legendary game . what mbti ( and enneagram , if you like ) do you think the characters are ? i'll start : cj : esfp sweet : estj tenpenny : estj big ... i just clicked on the links on the homepage .  i've noticed both the perc cognitive functions and enneagram test websites have been down for a long time . will they ever ... joffrey isn't a psychopath . he's a sociopath , with sadistic tendencies . : laughing : i did . why are esfp's stereotyped as being crazy outgoing party animals , hot popular cheerleaders who bully the nerd , and / or shallow + selfish attention seekers ? i don't mean to derail the thread but does anyone have any idea of carice van houten's ( actress who plays melisandre ) mbti type ? the only thing i can find is one tumblr blog saying she's istj but ... can't beat disoranno . don't you mean rhaenys ? i don't mean to be pedantic but rhaenyra is somebody else so i just want you to clarify if you simply made a typo or didn't type rhaenys after all . i completely agree with ... krienkar given scale 1-10 , where 1 is introversion , and 10 is extraversion , where would you put yourself ? it varies , but i'd probably put myself at a 6 or 7 . is there any entj considering ... it's only fitting a queen sits on a throne ... in a disney store : tongue : 707985 the pictures won't load for me . it's a shame , i really wanted to see them . guess e will always remain a mystery : tongue : intj , enfj , and estp . been spending a lot of time reflecting on myself and what i want from life . i've spent the past couple of months doing very little , and failing to be productive . been sleeping 12-14 hours a day ... sincere condolences . i empathise with your pain ; i lost my father 10 months ago . may you have your time to grieve , and recover . drivers who don't use their indicators . people who don't say thank you after you hold the door for them . when it starts raining just as i have to go outside . well that was just unnecessarily rude on their part . when we're nice , we get it thrown back in our faces . when we're rightfully pissed off , we're the bad guys . can't win :d ry : they hate us cos they ain't us . also , trump is meant to be an estp so that doesn't represent us very well . xsfp definitely , but unsure of the i or e . it's okay , i understand you didn't mean it in a negative or condescending way : happy : i'm not offended or annoyed . ni tends to do that , lol . i am guilty of doing this also , although not in quite ... it might just be the way i type , i'm much more bubbly in real life . i also have a very girly voice , not stoic or serious at all . even when i'm angry and shouting i feel like i'm not intimidating ... gender : female-unsure age : 16-26 intelligence : gifted openness : conservative mbti personality profile : esfp closest alternative we found : esfj if i'm istp , i've been struggling with ti-ni looping and fe grip . my need for validation and feelings of loneliness match up with fe grip , from what i've read . external factors would be years of ... is a need for external validation not a fe thing ? could you clarify what you mean ? i simply see mbti as a tool in better understanding myself and others . i find mbti theory interesting , even if a lot of it makes me roll my eyes ( e . g . extensive intuitive bias everywhere ) not ... i got tired of thinking but i wanted to finish it : laughing : i don't relate to ne or si in any way , shape , or form so i'm safely not infp . infp's generally don't tend to be type 7 ' s either . i ... it's nice to have an identity . the full validity of mbti is questionable , but i've been used to seeing myself as entj for so long that it gives me mixed feelings to realise i may not actually be . i ... i guess we'll see if / when replies to my thread appear . trust your intuition and judgement . if something seems off or wrong , run in the opposite direction . ironically , you tend to find that the richer somebody is the unhappier they are . money cannot ... i know you're hurt , but try to use this as a learning experience . entjs aren't known for understanding other people's feelings , but it sounds like this guy was likely an unhealthy narcissist and ... the only things that i'm 100 % certain of is that i have se and ni in my stack , that both of them take up the auxiliary and tertiary positions , and that i'm a 7w6 sx / sp . i believe i'm either an ... i think i might not actually be entj after all and i don't know how to feel about it . writing up answers to a questionnaire to post in the what's my personality type ? area . a pain in the ass . your gardeners ? : shocked : that's quite adorable actually . i never even thought of giving away my clothes to groups like that . i live in a small countryside town though , so the only place to ... any unhealthy type with an inferiority complex . that said , estjs and infps seem to get on my nerves the most . enfps who are ' lolz so random xd :P asdfghjkl ' as well . when you guys are doing a clean out ( e . g . clothes , miscellaneous items etc . ) do you donate or sell ? i know that general items worth money ( e . g . jewellery ) you're likely to sell and trash or broken ... this hurts to read ... completely true , and amusingly said stawker : laughing : thanks a lot stawker . i've messaged the seller and have yet to received a reply , so if they decide to ignore me then i won't bother as a reputable seller should be happy to answer any questions from ... mr canis msbossypants bolderousness clovdyx thanks for your input . i definitely do want to treat myself a little bit , because i doubt i'll be receiving such a large sum of money again anytime ... fellow entjs , i need your advice ... i recently came into some money ( inheritance ) and i'm not used to having this much money . i've always been somebody who's quite thrifty , i'll go for cheap ... i could have sworn it was a male icon next to your gender : shocked : * shrug * doesn't bother me . i swing both ways . let's get some cocktails . oh wow : laughing : i like a man who's forward : wink : want a drink ? i actually laughed out loud : laughing : '