' those words at the beggining are the best opening lyrics i have ever heard . . . love it . zombie anarchists . who are we ? zombies ! ! ! what do we want ? independence and understanding ! ! ! when do we want it ? braaains ! ! ! where is the place i can get refund for this damn year ? thank you , everybody , for your suggestions . you were very helpfull . of course , it is hard for you , because it is not possible to tell you about every single little thing , that can matter and be ... thank you for your words . but to be honest , what i find most fascinating is that you know what currency we are using in my country . :-D don ´ t get me wrong , your advices are also really ... i feel you . well , it is hard to give you any advice or anything , since it is not very clear what the problem is here , but does it really matter ? you wanted to talk with somebody , so i was ... not enough words . thanks everybody for answers and food for brain . i know this is something i have simply do myself but it is always good to hear some perspectives or even see , that people do care . it ´ s nice . thank ... thank you for your answer . yes , deep down i really know what is best thing to do and it is quite obvious one . but there are still lot of buts - this is really not so much about money . this ... long time not here . is it to egoistic to start a thread about myself ? yes , this is topic about my troubles , not about the clash song . i didn ´ t want to write about my long time issues to ... my past is long line of dark clouds and my future seems pretty alike , maybe even with some storms and tornados ahead of me . so i dream about times which never were and never will be . it ´ s a strange feeling . i am here after sort of a long time . i joined this page somehow around january 2012 , been active for few months and than i just had different things to do . but all my ... just one picture , but its magic is haunting me lately . 71510 it ´ s a year for me here , today . no wonder i feel so sick , lately . :) 5527555276 5527755278 55279 go doodles . :) 5526955270 5527155272 55273 ok . another try . :) ) 5526455265 5526655267 55268 with thanks to doodler anonymous webpage . i wasnt able to share those wonderfull gifs i found , so there is full website of them for you to look at . :) ) sorry for not posting pictures ( i tried ) and enjoy ! ... there are some infps from slovakia . i am very sure of it . ;) it would be horrible . i wouldnt have no more excuses for not living my life . :-D ( my recent excuse - i am so devastated by doing my job to do anything else ) 53624 old classic . . . i am almost 30 , i do have a work and i am still looser with no idea how to live or how to be adult . ;) so , yes , it will change . :) ya ya . :) either to much thinking , either depersonalisation . whatever it is you mean , i have it all the time . . . be glad if it is not your never leaving quest . ;) i dont doubt it . ;) but i will still prefer little self-loathing before being dull narcist anytime . . . i dont think anything , i made it until 1:38 than i just had to stop because of laughing to much . poor guy . i had a thought stucked in my head lately . i remembered some scenes from a movie . . . an old b movie i saw really long ago . and it really bugged me that i cant remember which movie it was . . . but ...  acid house kings , allo darlin ´ , the ballet , bart and friends , belle and sebastian , ben kweller , billie the vision and the dancers , billy bragg , black lips , bmx bandits , brighter , broder daniel , ... i am leftie . somewhere between social democrat and independent leftie thinker ( feeler :) ) . nothing than troubles in my country because of this . it is not very usuall to be leftie and under 30 . there ... i am very talented at complaining . you can meet me anywhere you want . just send a big box ( 2 x 3 meters ) with your adress , enough stamps , toilet and wifi on my adress and we can hang out . ( i am not woman thought ) personally , i do prefer tea over te anytime . ;) yes , i am doomed . :) actually , the famous rape and murder incident that is often offered as example of bystander effect is partly hoax , because it is not true that there were no help or calling the cops from people ... just little something , something from graham roumieu . ;) 4981349814 4981549816 49817 mum - most likely isfj father - tptk ( to psycho to know ) i like the idea of physical contact . :) but i feel like elephant in the porcelain when i have to hug somebody or something like this . . . i feel like i am doing it all wrong and somehow dont ... success ? i dont care . . . i could win nobel prize and dont care . . . . . but failures ? oh , i am failing every day , failling and failling . . . . i believe it is very human to fail , but ... i am . i know almost complete alphabet . a b c d e f g h ch i j k l m n o p q r s here i usually get lost . but i bet after i learn it all , i will make a masterpiece . night is falling and i am bit of sleepy . but lately i have been thinking about one of my qualities and after discussing it with some other nfs , it seems they have similar thing . but i am still ... oh , my favorite topic again . :-D i was talking about this many times there and nothing change much for me . . . you are saying you feel burnout . well , i am burnout in precise meaning of this ... i have no idea . i am attracted to particular women , not her type . every person is far more than just her type . . . '