' well , he's an estp , actually . a photographer by trade . it's only acceptable if you want the shit kicked out of you by a vicious 6 ' 1 irish intj . i swear ... dopey dunce dread dolphin add me to the boldness pile . this is odd , my boldness is usually what people find is my worst quality . i have had the same pair of goldfish for seven years now . the trick is to ignore them completely . bye shai . i hope that scab healed up .  well said . i already know his answer for me , and it rhymes with woe . sense of humor 32 % sense of fashion 42 % relationship intentions 75 % intellectual pursuits 39 % physical appearance 100 % financial situation 45 % hobbies and interests 72 % make the quiz . common beliefs 89 % hobbies and interests 84 % financial situation 93 % relationship intentions 92 % intellectual pursuits 93 % physical appearance 66 % i couldn't agree on any of the answers in ... it's a criminal offense ... she's not a robot . she's a dreamboat . my mother recently informed me that had she not gone with her gut instinct , i would be named either briar , opa , devera or bly . she's a hippy through and through . i would have liked any of these ... i don't mean to reinforce any irish stereotypes , but ... i don't drink often , but when i do i get absolutely bladdered . being a ( kind of ) big person means i can take a lot , but i always tend to go ... my tj is actually rather weak . it would be a shameto let this thread die . also , i am currently being pursued romantically by an estp , but know nothing about them . would someone be so kind as to make a poster ? there aren't as many ... hey , i'm a dork from cork . how splendid . i forgot , i once plucked the fur from a cat's testicles . pinata time !  sounds like my ideal man ... if he's beardless . the byronic hero , that is . whichever one . oh , but i did . :P now , back on topic before we're spanked by jasper . you big f . ah , but that was a wolf . with style . yes , i always identify better with the villain than the hero . i always hated those goody two-shoesies . especially in little red riding-hood . fun = evil yes , i wouldn't trust myself with my shapeshifting ability . i could see myself easily brought over to the dark side . i would probably be a villian . :d ry : um , okay dudes , let's move it along , now . before this gets locked . yeah , so i'd quite like super-strength and flexibility also . or the ability to fly . but if i had the shape-shifting ability , i'd ... i used to think like that about pickles , but then i realised that they're repugnant . i walked the catwalk to this last week ... oddest song i've ever heard . she must have been really happy . sigh , the idealist wins . there would be no need if i held the key to eternal happiness . yeah , i'm changing my superpower to having the ability to lick my own elbow , just in case . no , i can't . i heard somewhere that people who can lick their own elbows hold the key to eternal happiness . i doubt that's true . can you lick your own elbow ? i would have the ability to shave anyone with my mind alone . i would leave the eyebrows though , i like a good pair of fuzzy eyebrows . i would also like to shapeshift . how dare you ? ! : laughing : i once wrote an essay entirely based on the clown puppet in the opening credits of that show . it was an autobiography . come on , now . don't leave me hanging . back to ghost stories . no , but i'd like to . that describes my parents exactly also . i forgot to mention that my parents are those types . i have two sisters , one an isfp , the other infp . they get on very well , very . they are both into art , and work together quite well . theirs is a fiery relationship , though . neither of them understands ... you think your parents are goofy ? mine named me indigo . i tell you no lie , my parents are extreme hippies . they don't have a pair of shoes between them , and not an inch of taste . my favourite is the first , because it looks the warmest . haha , fail . '