' i love your writing style i dont have a cupboard , i have a drawer where everything is thrown in and made into a huge mess . i have a general idea whats in there and i am trying to sort it all out ... i suppose the challenge is following through : tongue : yup i would agree with this . do you guys tend to read more than one book at a time ? its not that they are boring and i have to skip ... you read it when you were 8 ? ... this explains so much ! ne is very easy to spot imo . i would read several descriptions of ne , if it doesnt absolutely jump out as something you are very reliant on ... i would guess enfj the enfp males i have known have ... wow ! i can only imagine what you are going through between his actions and caring for him for 5 years ! it sounds like he is the one completely in the wrong ... please do not beat yourself up over it ... why thank you nausus ! we shall be good friends indeed ! ( the gift of cookie giving is one of my few requirements ) girl point of view - if you are a good friend and we are interested we will jump at the opportunity if you make a move - if we make an excuse saying i dont want to lose you as a friend = ( in most ... antagonist this is exactly like one intj i know ... he will shop and get a bunch of similar styled clothes all at once that last him several years ... and shoes are shredded over time despite being ... clothing is custom , no labels . nothing in his pockets but knives and lint . ... : laughing : what the hell ? ? ? why wasnt i told cookies would be available ? ! vanw has been holding out on me :d ry : welcome ! hope you enjoy your stay ! ... and your precious cookies ... + 1 for me .. why restate what someone made pretty with dots and fractions ? i would post my handwritting on here ... but then they might finally be able to pin me for all those unsolved crimes : shocked : i knew it ! after all these years ... i always wondered why dad was black and i wasnt . it all makes sense now ! i conveniently let some things get out of sight out off my mind ( read : things i dont want to do ) on the other hand ... if i feel guilt ... its unwanted but tends to stick with me people ( if i ... interesting ... i have been lurking you for a few days ... jk ... ? ne comes out more when i am brainstorming , when i try to solve a problem involving creativity its like a switch get flipped and unrelated ideas about random things start streaming so i will write ... hello children ? ... dad ? interesting thread ! has anyone seen the motorcycle diaries ? i watched it not knowing the protagonist was che and felt very moved by his character / compassion at the end they explained who he was . i ... i become jake gyllenhall when i introvert . is that normal ? impressive ... i would give you gold for that ... but i still dont know how ... even a motha-effin ' dog that can stand up and rest his motha-effin ' paws can do it : frustrating : i started reading shadow's post on how infjs and infps react under extreme stress crazy way to choose your type ( infj - dissociation ) ( infp - masquerade ) i followed a link to a book on the topic , ... if i kind of like someone , but not completely i will be energetic and engaged - which comes off as very interested i think .. whoops if i really like someone ( and i mean hardcore ) they will not ... enfp entj , estp or entp entp ne - like a puzzle . you can see something very disconnected from another but realize exactly how the two are related . ti - take ne and use ti to make general principles from all the ... depends on the person . if i know they are kind of a space cadet about texts i dont think anything of it ( one of my infj friends for example will reply after 2 days lol ) . other than that everyone ... yes ... i start introverting when i am in a bad mood for this exact reason . what about movies ? ? i have no idea why but sad movies effect me hardcore lol ! must bring out the fe in me : tongue : of ... how old were you when you tested enfp ? i tested enfp back in highschool and looking back it is pretty easy to see where the f came from because i was on an emotional roller coaster as a 16 year old ... i second that . it is like most people have a dam for their stream of emotion ... for us its dry then suddenly there is a flood and we have no idea what to do emotionally unstable extroverts ... hmm ... sounds an awful lot like the entp description ... playing poker , watching the show psych , and posting here ... oh and being cooked alive in my furnace of a room woops sorry misworded . if we ( entps ) are not careful we reveal too much ( warning for entps : laughing : lol ) i mean enfjs are especially easy to open up to right away .. they just seem very trustworthy ... that is one of the things i like initially about enfjs they are very easy to open up too ... but if you are not extremely careful we start to reveal more than we mean to :d ry : yes ... up to a few ... easy things to appreciate : laughing : hmmm ... not an isfp but i think i have this same thing . i get these really good feeling brain waves that start in the back of my head and run down my neck that are triggered by certain sounds and ... its like when you are trying to remember a name of a person / song / movie / etc . and you cant figure it out so you dwell on it for days wreaking your brain to figure it out . that is essentially what he is ... hmmm ... isfps describe yourself in your own words . how would i recognise an isfp male ? where are you most of the time ? i think i might know one ... but not sure :/ no no no ... there is no sign-up . that removes the element of surprise ! one day you will be walking down the street when you hear the song nirvana - rape me that shadow posted along with the sound of ... enigmatic ... like in poker , its no fun if everyone shows their cards ... you can never tell what the infps really have hello i havent introduced myself yet but started reading the nebbies thread and saw 11 . only rape your friends . 19 . it's nice if you write an intro thread to tell us about who are , what you ... hmmm ... i read that people view fast talkers as having higher than average intelligence ... so i guess there are some pros ;) she should be happy you didnt stick with starving artist psychology and marketing likes : denny crane i love life in general ... there are so many possibilities ... just got out of a break up and after a few days of brooding i have that feeling you get when you finally get over being sick and you ... i love infjs . at first there is that challenge because they seem to be so guarded and shy but what they do reveal is absolutely hilarious and insightful . then the entp begins the challenge of ... haha yes we do like a challenge in the beginning : wink : ( not mind games , just keep us interested . all the infps i know can do this to me without even trying ) to elaborate ... it is not pushy if ... from a female entp 1 - dated an enfp , it was fun but he was hyper even for me : confused : think an infp would be great but i could see myself inadvertently hurting their feelings , them feeling ... '