' i've landed one of those professional , managerial-type jobs with a big learning curve . exciting , for sure ! the thing i keep running into , though , is that while trying to close the gap and learn ... this is my experience ( and my boyfriend's ) as well . and i've never been good at putting on an act . makes me so tired ... when our organization got flipped upside down last year , two people who put ... that's what i want , yes ! ! ! yes . i do not understand how people listen to the music they listen to . it can put me in a funk all day if i'm not careful . sometimes i avoid certain grocery stores because i know they'll be playing ... hey , lovely people . if you want to skip the long story , just read the bottom ( anyway , tl ;d r . ) so , i met this isfj guy a few years ago - he was my boyfriend's good friend , and they had moved to ... i'm on my second professional job , and if there's one thing i learned from the last one and the people around me , it's that you can't escape office politics if you want to succeed . my instinct ( and ... i've been through something similar . up until now , the longest i'd ever dated someone was six months . i went through some rough stuff in high school , and let myself be seriously mistreated by men ... ha ! you sound like me , and i'm definitely an infp . i have an infp friend who is very different from me as well . you have to remember that mbti doesn't define everything about a person . even the ... agree with pmj 85 - don't give it too much thought . if anything , mbti could be a tool to better understand each other's expectations and behaviors , but it can easily be taken too far . i think it can ... mbti is about preference and dominant functions . some people get confused and test as a different type because they see themselves in all the answers ( i . e . do you make decisions based on logic , or ... my best friend in high school and i were totally joined at the hip for the majority of our time there , and she was probably an estp , by my guess . it was a lot of fun , but eventually she got tired of ... like many others have said , i don't see anything inherently wrong with polyamory . i'm not religious , and i don't think i have the authority to decide what's best for others . that said , i've ... a fairly common thing to hear when people have a conversation about art ( at least in my city ) is how impressed they are by the numbers . for instance , that took two hundred hours . wow ! or , he used ... well , i'm not good with kids ( i actually really hate working with children ) , but my intj boyfriend taught a class last summer and he seemed to do an excellent job ( despite not being typically good ... i felt the same way , except with a lot more thank god it's over . i wasn't surprised by it , personally , as high school itself was just something i was impatiently getting through , not really ... yes , this ! ! i've been with my intj boyfriend for two years now , but when we first got to know each other , i hated him ! it was a bizarrely pride & prejudice type of experience . like many people he ... i think this is absolutely what's happening . i am not a very trusting person , and sometimes when i'm feeling low , i can see cruel intentions or darker motivations when none are there . he has never ... this was so helpful - thank you . i want to print this off and put it on my wall . i have actually bookmarked it and will come back to it . and you obviously know an infp - those imaginary ... yeah , fictional detectives ? of course ! twin peaks , x files , silence of the lambs ... so many crushes . for an infp i can see why we'd be attracted to certain kinds of detectives . if they really are ... oh , man . you just described a thing i used to do , too . personally , i let myself get sucked into fandom for a few years ( so not even characters of my own making , really ) and i dove so deep that i ... as for plot : same here ! plot almost never comes naturally to me . i think that's because so rarely do i care , as a consumer , about what is happening ; i care about how it's told , or what is being said ... oh , man . i got so tied up in knots during art school . my last semester , i already knew i didn't want to be a painter after all , but i wanted to finish up to get the degree ( and to complete what i set ... lately , when my long-term intj boyfriend and i try to talk about our artistic tastes ( art , music , film , etc ) it devolves into an argument , hurt feelings , and frustration . this was not always the case ... it feels right to me . satisfying . the truth doesn't have to be beautiful - that's not its deal . although , by the dictionary definition of pleasing to the mind or senses aesthetically , it ... friends of mine tend to occasionally reveal biases against certain groups of people , and that always baffles me - i think because i tend not to think of people in terms of groups . this might be more ... i was put in gryffindor , and it really surprised me . i was expecting slytherin . i tell people , isn't that just crazy ? the test must be whack . but secretly i'm pleased . i've always thought that too ! ! his theories make me roll my eyes more often than not , especially since , as such an accomplished psychologist , he might have considered that he was projecting an awful ... ooh . : s i don't think this has to do with mbti , honestly . it sounds like he's what they call emotionally unavailable . what do you think would happen if you told him you needed something in ... well , for me it happened less than two months ago , so i don't have much perspective . but i'm pleasantly surprised by just how much more confident ( and happy ) i feel already . i've always craved ... i think what it is is that we know a valuable thing when we see it . true love could be viewed as one of our causes , too . i find myself working immensely hard to help a relationship flourish if i ... not anymore , but i used to . in high school , if someone i didn't know asked me the simplest thing , like , what was # 3 on the homework ? i'd panic and my throat would close up , and i couldn't ... i think it's likely that at some point i might want to go back to right now - my early 20s . while there's a lot to learn and a lot of new things to deal with and figure out , i'm pretty sure i'm ... haha , i feel a little odd saying this , but with several approved male friends of mine , literally anything goes . i guess that sort of turns things into friends with benefits rather than just ... actually , the odds are quite high . no matter who you are and what measures you take to counteract it , friendships fade . i know it's not what you want to hear , but sometimes despite everyone's best ... i don't officially identify as anything , but i feel like i'm both towards the middle of the gender spectrum and that i mix or move between traditional genders . i will say that although i'm ... let me propose something . you told one person how you felt about them , they ended up leaving . it likely had nothing to do with you telling them how you felt . the next time you told someone how ... i think it's a bit of both . since there aren't as many people out there who share the exact order of our cognitive functions , we probably do react differently to a lot of things , process information ... hmm . i guess i'm a little confused as to what you mean . i'm not a conservative infp , i'm pretty moderate / liberal . but i'm mostly curious as to why you're asking . do you know an infp and are curious ... i always wonder about this ! i am not remotely a cautious driver . i am not incredibly aggressive , more like sometimes reckless and careless . i'll admit it . my sister , who is an infj , is an extremely cautious driver , on the other ... i remember thinking i had avpd in high school . some ( therapists ) would argue that no one can cure themselves from any real personality disorder , so perhaps i just had severe social anxiety and ... you know , i used to ? but not anymore . when i was in elementary school i was obsessed with fantasy novels : lord of the rings , wheel of time , madeline l'engle's series , harry potter , etc . i wished ... hmm hmm hmmm ... 1 ) i love how laid-back and fun-loving i can be . 2 ) i love how self-aware i am . i love that i can look at the dark parts of myself , or the weak parts , and be honest and upfront ... anytime i see or hear the word jealousy i get that song in my head . when i'm feeling healthy and secure in myself , it's not easy per se , but it's easier , and tends to happen more often . when i'm not feeling secure , i often pretend i don't like anyone and don't ... the more i read posts on this forum about what it means to be an infp , the more i start to realize just how much i've numbed myself over the last few years . i read things about how you are ... this is really good advice . i'm not a 2 , i'm a 4 , but i had a very close friend who was an infp 2 . it frustrated me that he would never allow himself to admit when he was feeling like anything but ... i can see where that would be frustrating . i actually had a similar set up at my workplace about a month ago , and their solution was to take me off the project completely . which ... i mean , if they ... um , i'm guessing this is , lol . i once belonged to a club at school that was related to my major . we had planned a couple projects and everyone had a relatively equal amount of input . everyone was ... i love this short ! i'd forgotten about it ! it reminded me of infp when i first saw it , especially the part at the end , where he's looking up at the stars and you know his mind is somewhere else ... '