' it sounds like the relationship was dying despite you trying your best . i'm sorry the guy didn't appreciate you more . i would make a list of all the ways he hurt your feelings and try to get your ... so true . i was in a relationship with an istp for 3 years and he was exactly as you described . really devastated me and left me an empty shell of a person by the time we were done . that hot and cold ... i just had a long phone chat with my istj and he definitely monologues and likes to explain things in a methodical way . but i don't think he ' lectures ' ever . that's one of the things i like so much ... i loved your vivid description of your boyfriend and the life of an island farmer ! if i were in my 60s , he'd sound ideal ! ! well , i have an istj boyfriend ( a construction supervisor ) and an isfj ... boring can mean : ... not spontaneous ... predictable ... not emotion-driven ... careful , safe ... works and never plays ... unquestioning , sees something from only 1 perspective ... serious hmm . i met my istj online . there are so many apps now that can help you with that . it's still a numbers game for men but at least you'll sort of know which women are checking you out before you even ... i'm an infp in a semi-ldr with an istj . yup ! he's definitely out of sight , out of mind . jcal explained it pretty well . my istj likes to keep himself very busy , as a borderline workaholic . so he ... well , i mean ... his comforting skills aren't like some therapist's level or anything ... coming from my last relationship with an istp who had a baffling lack of empathy and thought making ... keep talkin ' ! ;) i would love if my guy was estj - - theories of infp / estj happily ever after duality and all that ... he could be what's deemed an si-type estj , where instead of te they heavily ... welcome ! i'm glad you started this thread . my bf is possibly an istj or estj , i can't figure out which but i'm leaning toward istj . he is also outgoing , never says no to a party , and enjoys ... i'm an infp with an istj bf , and i would say you did the right thing . space for him to focus on the problem at hand , any practical and helpful suggestions , directing him to the right caregivers ... my xstj guy wants to travel more , and would , but his duties and obligations to work and family come first . yeah , i think this is just an ill-mannered istj . my ( probable ) istj guy thanked me multiple times to show me he appreciated what i did for his birthday ( took him out to a nice dinner and burlesque ... any popular istjs with lots of friends and obligations to attend social functions ? how to tell the difference between such an istj and an estj ? infp who's been dating an xstj guy for 9 months now . yes . it works . it came with really rocky ups and downs at first , but we've settled into a tranquil stage now . he has stronger si than te , but the ... my estj guy grew up being one of the school jocks , and it would have been easy for him to participate in bullying . however , he said he didn't because he was teased himself due to a birthmark on his ... yeah , i guess it could depend on the individual and his relationship . the ones i know on fb are happily married ( to infjs oddly enough ) . however mine is almost 38 , had been in a 6 year relationship ... i have to agree with the other posters . i am more of a listener infp and my xstj is more of a talker stj , so this may be why it works for us , but it's so much easier to be around an si-type than a ... ain't that the nice thing about sjs ... whether you'll be on it or not by then , their trains ( supposedly ) almost always make a stop at marriageville . just relax and enjoy the journey . ( it might be a ... one thing niss has always said is istjs don't spend time with people they don't want to be spending their time on . because their time is valuable to them , so it means something if they choose to use ... hey there . i am dating an xstj ( probably an ambivert istj ) and the stuff i've bolded sounds familiar to me . we get awkward silences too from time to time . i've asked my xstj if my talking about ... love the card ! ! i'm borrowing the idea if you don't mind ;) . no , all i got from my long distance istj bf was a happy valentine's day text . :( and then later when we talked on the phone , i found out he was really working that whole weekend and also injured ... i've known a self-tested estj man who was wired that way . and he was big , burly , deep-voiced , and intimidating so not at all wimpy to most people . despite that he was very happily submissive in ... just another quick update : we've settled on a schedule , which i think he'll rarely deviate from : he said to his company that he's available for work every other weekend , the rest of the time , ... as an ne-type infp with an istj boyfriend , i have this problem too sometimes . i feel bad as well asking him to re-explain or repeat himself . however , he doesn't really mind , as long as he has my full ... well , not to get too far ahead of myself , but he came through for me this weekend , and it was really wonderful . after almost 2 months of being apart because 1 ) i broke up with him in early december ... the level of anguish and passion in that thornbirds video is very nf / sf to me . it would probly scare any other type ! :) the kind of romance my xstj and i have is more like a cozy warm fireplace as ... my xstj is very prone to overworking in order to fulfill duty and feel good about himself . what is the best way to remind him that not being physically present actually has the opposite effect of ... i feel like in some ways i am becoming one of his duties , and it's starting with the unrequested good morning text he sends me every day . i never asked for it , and due to its lack of ... i hope that's not true , but unfortunately , you sound like an expert on istjs . do istjs derive joy from working so much ? i don't think they do , because mine complains a lot , like he literally says he ... that was beautifully put . thank you for sharing your wise insights on this pairing ! i see a lot of good balance + freedom + enough similarity to be comfortable in this combo as well . really the only ... well , the xstj i know is physically imposing but oddly approachable . i say oddly because it seems only odd , likely extroverted , people approach him all the time , either to get advice or just ... this is exactly him . for some reason , it's a relief to know it's just part of his personality and not workaholism per se . it's far more exhausting to try to fix or convince him something's wrong , ... well , since i wrote that post , the xstj and i have tentatively decided to give it another try . i did some thinking and reevaluated what i should be realistically expecting out of this long distance ... i dated an xstj for 4 months and the main issue between us was how little time he could spare to see me . i wanted and expected him to see me 3-4 times a month ( we live 2-3 hours away from each ... sorry to resurrect this super old thread but i wanted to add on the topic of istj / infp ... i bolded all the parts i resonate with in flora's quote . she is spot-on . except my guy was fairly dry and ... i'm sorry to hear the news , lola . if it's the same estj you've talked about in all your previous posts , you guys must share a really long history , and that's very difficult to detach yourself from . ... might not seem rewarding looking at it from a growth aspect , but the two are unlikely to clash when it comes to having similar mindsets and activities . but i do get a feeling that entj might get ... based off the older australian man in this video , what mbti type do you think he is ? summary of the video is he basically describes how his ... hm ... my estj is the opposite - - he texts first ( like ' good morning ' ) and doesn't really ask questions . the other signs seem to show your estj is at least interested in you as a person . why not just ... hahaha ! ! great story :) . the funny thing about those high waist pants is that they were considered attractive in the 40s / 50s and still can be if styled correctly . i like the way he sternly laid the ... 1 ) is he single and 2 ) can i have his number ? ( i'll take any of the estjs mentioned in this thread . ) :P if by emotionally stunted , you mean emotionally unrefined , then yes . the two estj guys i know seem to be that way . they have emotions , it just seems to me like they don't really know how to ... i can tell you this much . with that level of arrogance , you will likely make an emotional situation worse , whether you can read it or not . yes , key word is decent - - previous couple of exes were questionable in that regard . also , fundamental compatibility is a huge thing . if it's not truly there to begin with , someone will eventually ... i think you'd lose that bet . i can see the bigger picture better than that . :) as far as your being able to solve it or prevent it , well i guess it's a case by case situation ... personally i don't ... i spent last sunday with my estj beau and i noticed he was quick to tell if my face didn't look happy . he didn't know why , and would ask , is everything alright ? what's the matter ? or you ok ? i gave ... as an infp , this is pretty much exactly me and the estj guy i'm dating too . he speaks exactly like yours , said pretty much the same thing to me , except i wasn't asking for more intellectual ... are you bigger and stronger than he is ? :) if not , it won't kill you to ask him to help you open that jammed pickle jar or help you dismantle a heavy piece of furniture , or sometimes pay the ... '