'  i tell anyone who tries to dictate the way i behave or think to fuck off . family wasn't too bad but everything else was awful , i don't remember much and don't have any desire to either . i think most people use morals as an excuse to whine about something and that they just copy what everyone else says instead of forming their own . it doesn't matter whether i like it or not , i will ... if i can't be open with somebody i won't concider them to be a friend . no , i don't think that the past or future or even time as most people view it exists and that time is just how we percieve change . i hope that makes sense . the male will have a lazor in his index finger , when he points at the female's nipple it tells the body to prepare itself . next the male will raise his index finger to point towards the female's eye , ... i don't know whether this is a learning style but i think about things to understand them and the concepts behind them , that way i don't need to force myself to memorize anything , it just happens ...  i tap to music when it's in my head or when i'm listening to it ( which is quite often ) , i'm even doing it as i type . it really annoys my mother . i also got into the habbit of tapping my foot to the ... it's just like any other medium to me . i would recommend mushishi ( really laid back and a new season is ( finally ) airing now ) , paprika ( i'm pretty sure this movie is what inspired inception ) and ... no , having a dream seems like it would either just limit what you can do or make you upset because you wouldn't be able to attain it , even if it was an attainable dream what would you do after that , ... when the power supply unit in your computer breaks you feel terror and start to have withdrawal symptoms . a few years ago ( can't remember exactly how long ) i was really depressed and had minor anxiety problems , i incorrectly thought i had ptsd . i think that i had bad anxiety problems when i was a kid , ...  it's acceptable whenever you decide it's acceptable or you could argue that it's never acceptable because there's nothing making it acceptable . i don't really care much whether it's deemed acceptable ... it's like a fusion between a yorkshire accent and a southern english accent . if i don't talk with people for a while my accent starts to sound posh . 58 % anime and manga , sometimes music and books , most movies don't have any effect on me because they seem too fake and / or shallow , there is a lot more well written anime than films but it has a lot of ... they make you look cuter but holo the wise wolf will allways be the best when it comes to ears . 94416 i don't paticularly like nor dislike them , when people wear them i see them the same way as ... not much . i make sure i'm hygenic because i don't like smelling or being sick and i comb my hair etc because if i don't people are more likely to comment on it which is annoying . i cared a bit more ... c . c . from code geass senjougahara hitagi from the monogatari series l from death note 1 . could you explain your situation ? ( e . g . , i'm a full-time student or i work full-time , et cetera ) . i'm a full time student ( i have a 4 day weekend but i'm supposed to stay until 6 on tuesdays ... contains spoilers : i think that he's more of an intj because of his stragies , mainly the way he manipulated everybody into a three-way power struggle and how he maintains his vast information ... i don't really care much unless it tastes bad , i'm more of an eat to live person . i like fruit and hate fish . i met her when i was 3/4 years old , i was with a group of kids and i was bored and thought it was funny to manipulate the idiots so i became their king ( this probably wouldn't have happened if my ... only getting 4 hours of sleep because you're rudly awakened by people digging up cement right next to your window while some of the assholes are trespassing on your property , leaning on a car that ... whenever my family asks me about stuff like that i usually give laconic answers , e . g . sister : what do you thing about my new boots ? me : they're black why is going to clubs seen as being social ? i thought that talking was one of the biggest ways to be social , it's pretty much impossible to hold a conversation with music blasting in your ears . ... i've had 1/2 girlfriend ( s ) , i'm not sure about one of them but she thought that we were and it's confusing so i'm not going to write about her . we first met in scouts and we teased each other a lot ... home , college or walking around looking distracted / lost . i've always liked games but i didn't really think that i was a gamer , i realised that i probably was when i moved bedrooms and saw that ... i didn't go because i didn't care , the only regret i have is that a girl was subtly tring to get me to ask her and i didn't even notice . i don't know what it's like in your country but when my school ... i don't use icons ... main computer : laptop : 16 , england . i smoke cannabis , i smoked it every day or two for a few months this year but i've only smoked once in the last two / three months . i plan on getting some more but i need to get a new ... 1 . alucard from hellsing because he is a badass . 2 . koyomi araragi from the monogatari series because he still has some powers remaining from when he was a vampire and both senjougahara and ... 23/36 i smoke weed but i don't smoke cigarettes and i never will , i just don't think that it's worth it and i don't see the point ( and the smell is vile ) . business studies , i was at the back of the room and just slept all lesson . great teacher onizuka : ex motorcycle gang leader eikichi onizuka decides to become a teacher because he wants to see hot high school girls . onizuka ends up teaching troubled classes , one of which ... no . i don't get along with my family with the exception of my brother ( infj , maybe p ) , which is probably because we had only seen each other 3 times until a few months ago . we have a lot in common ... how difficult would you say it is to get to know you ? it depends , if people want to get to know me i will let them but i'm very quiet and introverted so they will most likely have to initiate the ... if i had to name anything it would be laziness but i don't let it negatively effect me much . another thing that could be considered a vice is that i don't care about most things but it has also ... small , dark rooms / spaces . when i was little i would wake up in the middle of the night ( sometimes when this was happening i would wake up with sleep paralysis ) and i would see a shadow in the shape of ... loads of books , i still have some left on my list that i want to buy but i'm going to wait for a while because i've just bought twelve at once . i took software development , i already know what they are teaching ( i started programming when i was 10/11 ) , when i went to the open day the teacher was surprised and said that i knew more than him ... i'm 16 and haven't moved out yet but i plan to when i finish university . you're going to hate mid-end year 11 , the exams all pop up all at once and you're always doing revision lessons ( they ... my normal sleeping pattern is around the same hours jps mentioned , recently my hayfeaver tablets messed it up but it's returning to 5-1 . i've always been like this and my mother is similar . first you shouldn't think about it like men or women , we're all human here and we all eat , poop and fart . i treat women the same way that i treat men ( up to a certain point ) , the only difference being ... '