' welcome back ! you've been missed . oh good . my day is not complete until i've crushed a few dreams . : kitteh : i actually think it would be fun to make a compendium of all the infj pairings that are supposedly magical , like : enfp / infj ( moth-flame , mirrors , mouse and cheese , take your choice : laughing :) ... i got a new hair toy today and had fun trying the braid it in my hair . kinda messy but i think it should work once i get the hang of it . at any rate , given my username , i figured it was about time to ... some of the freebies you get in using polynomial-time curve reductions : minimal position representatives , computing tight geodesics in the curve complex associated to the surface , and its topological ... * sigh * love that protective streak . so sweet : octopus : :p erc 3 : i wanted to ask a few questions to help clarify the situation : did you make any of these requests while you were in the relationship ? what was her response ? in terms of depth , is sharing ... 5w6 , tritype is 5-9- 2 . hehehe . writing prompts for murderous cognitive functions . ne is the self-driving car that goes berserk , a skilled hacker that cleverly disguises murder for a simple programming error . ni is the trap ... saw your response and immediately clicked on your profile to see if you were a fellow type 5 (: laughing : although i think your random thoughts entries independently confirmed that ! ) . but that's the ... last anniversary , we got a set of bands engraved with this line : she had blue skin , and so did he . it's from the shel silverstein poem masks . it's a reference to how grateful we are that we were ... as a friend ? yes . probably not a super close friend , because being attached at the hip and then falling out of my life for months would be hurtful . but i think it's pretty easy to cultivate a ... i'm curious in precisely what context you mean ' untethered . ' i could understand it in a couple very different ways . i'll try to explain both and hopefully one of them is in the ballpark . in ... well i've only got some of the qualifications you're looking for ... so take this with several grains of salt ... but here goes : my husband is an entj 3w2 , i'm an infj 5w6 . we knew of each other for ... i think it's lovely you're looking to become the healthiest version of yourself . i can't tell you how many times i've cringed when i read the what do you think of xxx type ? threads , and the people ... sorry , i'm not the best at the back-of-the-head selfie thing , but i had my hair up in a braided bun today and tried to snap a photo of it . ... if you think i'm nice , you haven't been on my bad side yet why talk about my issues when i can pretend they don't exist ? leadership : i don't really want to be in charge , but everyone else is an ... actualized type : infj ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 68.57 % extroverted ( e ) 31.43 % intuitive ( n ) 65 % sensing ( s ) 35 % feeling ( f ) 59.38 % thinking ( t ) 40.63 % judging ( j ) 63.64 % perceiving ( p ) ... : laughing : don't give up hope yet . according to my extensive research of having shamefully watched all of the tobey maguire movies , you've got to make a series of derpy faces to activate it . ... warweasel wishing you well on your job prospects . every school would be improved by a few war-mongering weasels grumpy deductive doctors . ah well , you get the picture . : tongue : awww . i'm sorry that it bothers you . you have every right to feel however you like about it . but it's likely these reactions were in no way directed at you and weren't meant to upset you . i've ... neil gaiman had some interesting commentary about children's books vs . adult books . he'd written a novel that could have been classified in either genre . once the publishers decided to market it to ... that's awesome ! what sort of writing do you do ? a lot of it comes down to revising your narrative . you're a newer worker , and as such , your skill set isn't fully developed . there's nothing shameful about that ... we don't shame students for being in ... time with myself + my so vs . myself + so + others is completely different . i can spend nearly endless amounts of time with him without feeling drained . i think part of it is that we're both fans of the ... waist length , with the goal of hitting tailbone eventually . it grows fairly quickly , but i've got to get back into better habits , like sleeping with it braided . i'm allergic to ppd dyes , so it's dyed ... road trips are about what you find when you get lost : three days , 1400 miles , and one endless conversation later , we found ourselves in love . great idea ! i'm also curious about how much overlap there will be in the results . 1 . imagination ( 19 votes ) 2 . intuition ( 18 votes ) self-selected samples are non probability samples . you can't actually pull valid statistical inferences from them . i'm so sorry for your loss . wishing you comfort and strength . thank you for sharing that . i'm so sorry it didn't work out for you , but it sounds like you learned a lot about what is important to you and what you need and deserve . so much better to figure that ... curtains scarlett henna hair waterhouse circe odyssey sirens pearl jam i picked entj ( i married one : octopus :) but to put it in broader terms , i always clicked with nts . i've been mentally voracious for as long as i can remember . finding a good match wasn't about just ... yeah , i definitely feel like that's an element that has to be there . especially if you're looking for a long term relationship ... it isn't just about being on the same page in the moment , you've got ... there needs to be an element of balance to it . after all , it isn't a journey you're on alone ; you're asking the other person to constantly work on themselves , too . does the other person understand ... i don't write songs , primarily just short stories and novels , but there does seem to be a progression to the process . i start with a vague concept ( sometimes it's more complex , sometimes it's ... your explanation reminded me of one of the alternative ways i've heard to explain the introversion / extroversion dichotomy ( typically i see the energy gathering explanation ): for an extrovert , the ... eyes stars poesy ashes angela office tea perfume guilty confession ... i love watching maths lectures . there's something very relaxing about it , and if the lecturer has a good technique or explanation , i'm not above stealing it . but i'm not gonna ... x93ix92m boredx 92 is a useless thing to say . i mean , you live in a great , big , vast world that youx 92ve seen none percent of . even the inside of your own mind is endless ; it goes on forever , inwardly , do you ... * sigh * back to work tomorrow . summer flew by way too fast . absolutely ! i've heard ni described as a system builder function , and i can see how that framework fits . nite is simply captivating , close enough that their system is understandable , far enough away ... infj , description of ni / fe processing . unfortunately my thoughts aren't really tied up with a bow , so i'm just going to hit a bunch of disparate elements with bullet points and hope for the best : ... i think we're able to type ourselves based on the root and the emergent ( we know our inner mental wiring + the behavior that arises from this wiring ) vs . others , where we're simply judging by the ... i'm definitely a fan of fictional universes . it's a soft way of being able to examine myself and my relationships . of course , i'm also a fan of consciously examining such things , but there's a ... i just ran across a typology thread on the long hair forum i frequent , and it was funny to note how many people typed out to infj . i'm not entirely sure why there is a correlation , but there did seem ... cupcake angel haha , i love it ! definitely sounds like there's a good amount of overlap between our parents . the matter-of-factness of te contrasted with fe makes me laugh every time . narrow at any given moment , broad over time . i tend to find a few connected interests and fall down the rabbit hole . once i feel a satisfactory sense of having grasped the topic ( usually not mastery , ... mother , esfj you're such a hippie . said anytime she thinks i'm being weird . when i was younger , she used to do like angel's mother and tell me something was different . either ... '