' 1 ) my musical sensitivity & ability . my intrinsic romanticism . i love being an artist :p . 2 ) open-mindedness , acceptance , kindness , being psychologically perceptive . 3 ) authenticity . ( - and , ... * when you hit the thank button about 50 times at each of your visit on perscafe , * when you like about 90 % of what your friends post on faceboook because you like to validate people ... * acceptance & flexibility . openness . respect . that also means towards judgmental people , paradoxically . * empathy * understanding i * love * creativity , grace , refinement , elegance too ; but ... when someone is talking to you and you start wondering what their enneagram type and mbti are , and then you realize you completely lost the track of the conversation and hope it doesn't show . every human being acts , wether consciously or not , for the sake of the survival of humanity . everything is a defense mecanism . life is a giant battle in which every living form is being used as a ... ( sorry i'm not infj , i'm infp ) i definitely know what you're talking about . i see a kind of glow in some people , intuitively . i don't think they're better people or whatever , but i'm very ... okay , so i have this huge connection with an isfp in my class but we're too shy to talk to each other , despite a lot of non verbal communication . it's been a year since we met . we still haven't had a ... i'm sooo stupid . i keep writing emails to people , and then i don't check my mailbox for days or even weeks because i'm afraid of their answers . can you imagine anything sillier . when you need to classify and speculate about people so much , that when you come across a poster with unknown personality it kind of scares you . a few months ago i finally found myself a kind of reason to keep on living : i love that each day my vision of life and its meaning is developing , that as time passes by i question humanity and ... someone delicate , sensitive , cute and caring , artistic . an angel basically : tongue : ( hahaha this is so creepy . but true : blushed : ) someone you always want to hug and protect . thanks , this is sooo true ! ! ! the ones in bold are incredibly accurate for me :) * when you get to the point where you nearly hope someone is depressed so that you can make him feel better , ... when introspecting about why you procrastinate so much becomes a way to procrastinate . when in the middle of an emotional crisis you diagnosis yourself with about 50 mental illnesses , and then a ... awww ! ! - when you feel guilty because you had never empathized with the poor ' of ' and ' the ' for not being capitalized before reading this post . honey , you are such a big mystery ! ! first i would like to thank you a hundred times for actually noticing me - i mean , i'm such a shadow ! the thing is , i think we will never be able to ... i've just seen this fantastic movie , and it's amazing how i actually related to nina's character so much . okay , first , my name is nina and i did a professional training in ballet : tongue : - not to ... i'd choose sociability or self-confidence . :p this is hilarious . okay at some point there must be an infp saying that everybody is possibly nice , and even awesome . : laughing : you just have to bring out the genuine nice guy that sleeps within the biggest assholes . : crazy : hahaha i'm infp but i do the silly voice thing : blushed : i have a huge crush on an isfp and anytime one asks another something we can't stop thanking each other for no reason with silly ... depression , and social phobia . i also suffered from eating disorders 2 years ago . ahaha i'm so emotional : crying : : angry : : blushed : : confused : : crazy : i would like someone with huge fi . : happy : i've only had two big crushes so far and both of them were isfps . we're soo painfully shy , but when i sit next to them i can feel the emotionnal ... i'm going through a big one : bored : i isolate myself wayy too much . generally social interaction make my mood better , but i wouldn't socialize sponteanously ... there are times i seriously ... i notice most people are intimidated by me . i don't think i come across as cold or angry , but i am sooo shy , i don't know what to say , i can't find my words , and i guess people feel this ... i dance with the everlasting shadow of my insecurities . it follows me pretty well actually . in groups ... i behave plain awkward ... i just try to make myself forgotten . when one of the persons ask me something , i can get so nervous , nearly to the point of crying ! ! so i just act like a ... i don't like gifts . i'm embarrassed when i give one , and when i receive one . the best thing people can give me is a good hug . and a loving smile . and telling me about themselves - taking the time to ... ( already been said ) wow ! ! : shocked : i sincerely think i'm an anti-judgemental person ! ! ! thank you so much , this is very interesting : happy : and true . based on this theory , i think my two love languages are physical touch and quality time ( well , if you call quality time deep ... double posttt when people you don't know so well sometimes try to hide their vulnerability from you , and it makes you smile because you can feel it anyway ; and you just want to hug them and let them know you are ... well , for the persons who notice me , i think i come off as really quiet , and serious ( they propably take me for an intj / infj ) . when they get to talk to me they probably realize how sensitive , ... i see flaws in other people but i tend to generally accept them for who they are . i'd rather work on loving people than criticize and reject them . i try to see beyond these caracteristics and ... this is me basically . ( i'm too lazy to even write a post by myself : tongue : ) i used to be reaaally active and motivated , i wanted to be a ballet dancer and worked so hard for it , but then i ... yes i hesitated between intp and infj . i put intp because of the architect stereotype i believe , but now that you say it i agree he's more on the f side . by the way i think it's so much easier ... same here . my guesses : marshall : i have a hard time typing him . he does seem like an enfp who is not that extraverted . a shy extrovert maybe ? i don't think he's an infp . he's an obvious nf ... i know a few infps but i never had a real friendship with any of them . i would really like to though . now that i study art & literature in college , i can easily recognize some infps among the ... well , if i were a man , i'd definitely have a crush on doutzen kroes . i love her type of beauty , there's something so graceful and pure about her face . ... i totally relate ! let me add to you all that your posts are beautiful , and inspiring , really : happy : sorry , i have a lot to say about this but i don't find the right words : sad : okay i'll just ... i used to get really good grades , but during the last two-three years they just seem to get worse and worse : sad : it has a lot to do with my emotional instability though - i'm depressed much more ... my heart ... well it basically tells me to keep cool and sleep a lot and do nothing . fortunately i fight back a little : tongue : and it tells me i sooo need to find a soulmate right now . and a ... actually shyness / social anxiety is not a flaw for me at all . i mean , i'm attracted to socially awkward people . flaws is not something i'm used to overlook . i cherish them . : tongue : i love ... you know you're an infp when in the middle of overanalyzing things you suddenly realize that your voice intonation when you indicated the bus stop to a random person on the street five years ago ... i didn't quite understand the work you have to do , can you explain a little bit please ? : unsure : are you just asking for motivation or do you need help on the subject you have to study ? sorry ... deep sensitive socially very reserved unique passionate kind caring cuddly : blushed : weird creative i got infp , but i think isfp , enfp , enfj , infj would be awesome . basically i love f types . yes ! yes ! yes ! :D i cry of happiness especially for others . but usually movie scenes ... etc don't move me so much . it has to be real . i can feel when the emotion is real and when it's acted . i ... haha that's sooo me . : laughing : '