' pc stunt . why not make spiderman a woman ? make her a black one , make her muslim wearing hijab . make her transgender too while you're at it . black muslim transgendered woman shooting web and ... what are you like when you're unhealthy ? how do you see your shadow functions manifesting when stressed / unhealthy ? ... ... dreamt that i killed neighbor , tried to hide it and run . but the daughter and mother catches up with me and kills me with a machine gun . my face was a weird white skull at that time . but apparently i ... 2 dreams apocalyptic dream : basically i was taking an exam when apparently 9/11- like even happened , but it wasn't just a building destroyed but whole downtown core . power outage throughout the ... 1 . gladiator 2 . schindler's list 3 . the pianist 4 . the thing 5 . the mummy well , i was making faces at the mirror at work and talking chit , and unbeknown to me there was a room just across with someone with his wife , and there was a keyhole on the door . when i had to talk ... well , i'm not sure if he's infj , but regardless of type i think he likes you . i'd say romantically . even if lonely most would not make the investment of getting to know someone because a lot of things are involved . well , for one - infjs will not tell you anything personal unless they knew you very well . well mostly getting killed or being chased down and then getting killed . as for details it depends .. i get crazy dreams with details if i ate something before bed .. most of them are nightmares with ... no , and i don't think there's a point to it , yes ! i wouldn't call anyone beautiful unless they deserved to hear it . yeah , don't go to school for web development . you want to learn full stack web development and be employment ready ? for free ? head to freecodecamp and do their program in couple of months .. by the ... haven't seen , but i checked out the book when i was in high school . the librarian just gave me a stern motherly stare . i read about 10 pages and felt sick , and didn't see the point to it other that ... i'm extremely attracted to older women who are educated .. like college professor type or the senior boss type . also bubbly women in general .. not talking about cheap champagne bubbles but thermal vent ... i can attach a pdf file with around 19 messed up dreams with jungian interpretation ( attempt ) if anyone is interested ... did it for a dreams class . here's a sampler attached with this post . i've written poetry about someone . she cried / felt sorry for me .. it was my fault really . i knew somethings could never be , and she was one of them . when you bleed idealism what happens is you bleed ... the whole of shindler's list does it for me . i will not watch it with a female because tears are sure to come out : crying : also this scene from the pianist always gets me .. the hobbling around ... visit every european country in my lifetime and impregnate a woman in each one . i have five book ideas to choose from and have the time to do it , but the skills ? not sure about that . ok ok , i will win this contest of disgust . - i will write a book of poems about the ( future ) girl i'll be dating , but i will bury the manuscript in the backyard under a seed - soon to be a tree . ... 1 ) we are attracted to * beautiful things and arousing things . 2 ) we are always up for it . both translates into no time for hoping for a personality or long-term goal .. itch need to be scratched ... zzzero : unsure : there's no point . there's literally no women out there who will ever get me . that doesn't stop fantasizing about having someone to hold close .. annoyingly . i wish i was bukowski without the liquor singing my song of abandoned lovers and you , just sitting there , flustered . i wish i was ginsberg melting over your brain hijacking your soul like rogue ... i know for a fact i'll never find somebody . i've been without someone for 29 years and if it were to happen it would've happened a long time ago . i just want to enjoy the loneliness but i'm dogged by ... i used to be a fussy kid and rarely left comfort zone and still do . hey , try it out . might just be the thing for you . enjoying bates motel .. so far vikings black sails mr robot enjoyed that 70 ' s show breaking bad had weird apocalyptic dream last night .. most of it is forgotten . last part was i was on a ledge and willed my way to safety . by cleverly manipulating my weight . every time trains stops as glaincern station i think i will see her .. my fair maiden of ( supposedly .. ) the scottish isles .. the maiden of glaincern . yes i've looked up the origin on the word ... me and my two brothers are exploring this snowy wilderness .. with ice rivers . it's day and we explore for a bit .. but it's getting dark so we return . but my brothers want to explore the place at ... well , shouldn't have watched the new tatantino flick , as it bought nightmare basically samuel jackson ( he also looked mixed like the crackhead i see in real life all the time ) was treated like a ... will do , right after i finish drawing happy little bushes for squirrels to play in . neither ? i kinda liked being alone and not being with a woman . has mostly to do with low self-esteem and fear of rejection and the new . i'm 100 % convinced i'll be alone .. which is a bitter-sweet ... ok . who wants to hot box with some bob ross tutorials ? yes , i'm infj what activities do you recommend that engages both ni and se ? will do .. after christmas though . there are pockets of the city i like to roam by myself .. if brave enough try to do some urban sketching ( just drawing what's in front of you ) , etc . will try that but ... your face cheered me up . take it as a compliment . hmm ... i wouldn't say bored . it depresses me to know how much there is to learn . i actually feel paralysed by the vast choices . yes , i do things like coding / programming but which language ? how long ? ... not sure other people have experienced it .. it's a like a black hole that you know is looming , and everything is slowlt being sucked into it .. as time progresses - the swirling becomes faster , and ... you are of female gender and your username is littledickey ? i would call you my little croissant and try devouring you . i'm back in elementary school , and using those very old 80 ' s computer . i login to one of the machines and my id is still active ! so i lo in and it's a sense of familiarity once i log in . the folders ... infj was a diagnosis for me . i didn't ask to be an infj . when i found out what i was / ' had ' yes , i did communicate it to people , but so they would not be offended / surprised by my quirks because last ... most nights i dream and remember those dreams . i think it's because i eat before bed .. i've found a correlation between feasting and dreaming ( true for myself , at least ) . i also make sure i write down ... you are correct . god / religion are the hallucinations and fairy tales of a tribe / hive mind , crafted to deal with the prospect of death / non-existence from this comfort-zone-bubble that is life . you ... when you stop believing in some imagined chithead behind clouds - life becomes 100 times more precious . more precious than the promise of unicorns and rainbows after death , more precious than 72 ... was visited by two dreams last night , with theme of sex / companionship having been in common . content not safe for work / for sensitives .. read at your own risk . 1st : i went back to mcdonald's i ... '