' i think he definitely doesn't want to use me as a sex toy ( last week when we talked , i got emotional and said that our arrangement made me feel like i'm just the woman he sleeps with until he finds ... he seems to be changing a bit . not sure . we were cuddling looking at the moon last night and he quietly said i'm not sleeping with anyone else . but i haven't been single in years and just want you ... thank you for the words of wisdom . i'm not sure how to reply with quotes on my iphone but it seems clear i need to ask for what i want and see how he replies . i just think it's a waste of time as he ... he told me the best way to get him to chase someone is for her to dump him . sigh . so what is the best course of action ? if one were to preserve the friendship and sanity . i can't imagine he respects me . we are currently in wine country having a beautiful time . but i think for ... this . this has to be precisely what's going on here . i think it's related to him not having his shit together ( that's why i think his rule exists to not fool around with or sleep with other people in ... hi everyone , i want to give some context on my relationship with an istp before asking specific questions . my hope is to give you enough background on us and his statements / actions to hopefully ... you are frustrated . :) you should probably relax ... oh i've been there / done that here so i get it . this was more psychological analysis , ne-style . i think this kind of exploration frustrates entjs as they want to cut to the chase and flex that tese . ... thanks for the advice . i was uncomfortable with him and wanted to sift through the data before getting back to him . i've actually just decided to block him from my phone . being a paranoid social ... uber pool gets you to your destination but there is occasionally some backtracking involved . i typically tether to my cell phone and use the time to answer emails and be productive . the subway ... no drama , just a question posed to entjs . hard to run a company with drama , bae . among the questions the entj asked was where i was raised . i gave him a general geographical area ( this ain't my first rodeo people ) . he replied with him hometown . the driver was silent throughout ... i was chatting with the lady who does my nails and she told me that a lot of her clients get asked out in ubers or lyfts . 1/3 rd of us couples who got married in the last decade met online . never ... i suspect either depersonalization or sex addiction , more likely the latter . there is some truth to this , but the difference is that i can admit my curiosity to myself . just not to him , which ... there is nothing better than ti paranoia ( and i mean that as a sincere compliment ) . you intps think of things that would never occur to me . i am torn between wanting to discuss my observations with him ( i am an enfp , my hidden agenda is to know ) and just sending him a summary text and being done with it . blast my interest in the human ... it's possible . male ceos sometimes see me as a challenge , i suspect in part because there are so few women in their ranks and partially because i am a bad bitch . ok i just giggled typing that , but ... my best friend is an intp . she is so deep , smart , drama-free ( externally anyway ) . we live to entertain each other with ( sometimes ridiculous ) observations on life . we can approximate bliss and be ... : asking questions deludes you into the idea that he may want a relationship with you , which given his position probably keeps many women at his beck and call . what an insightful ... he likely has other women , he definitely is used to getting what he wants , and no way is interested in anything meaningful . i'll pass . initiative and charm can be sexy , bossiness and manipulation ... i allowed for that , which is why i asked the cab driver if he was asking me out . the driver thought it was funny that i couldn't tell whether i was being hit on or not . more importantly , when he ... where are the male entjs ? i would be curious to hear their analysis . ( i have noticed subtle differences between female and male ntjs in terms of how they approach dating , dominance / submission , ... i work in an industry oft-decried for its stubbornly mysogynistic tendencies as well as it's horrific work-life balance . so his methods were extreme but not unfamiliar . determining socio-economic ... uber pool is a shared on-demand taxi service ... re : bold : my experience has actually been different in terms of dating entjs and intjs . the entjs who have asked me out have pursued me with a ... wow . this is fascinating commentary ! i have been cornered by a few intjs onlne and irl who are just as calculating as the above comments suggest . they definitely experiment but then again so do ... you have anxiety . you have low self-esteem . you are not full aligned with reality , and you are doing things like deleting his number when he confronts you with something that may or may not be true ... hello , you . just popped in here to relate something funny that recently happened to me . i was recently in an uber pool sharing a ride across town with a stranger . when the driver pulled up , i ... it's actually a gloria-ism from modern family that i've adopted . ;) hehe one of my favorite things about intjs is that you will correct us patiently ... oh there is no question about whether we will be taking it slowly . i am mt kilimanjaro as far as my emotional susceptibility is concerned — having been cheated on , i have now learned to let a man show ... i am highly susceptible to touch , and it triggers an emotional response in me even when offered platonically . a good friend cuddled me recently and i got immediately drowsy it was so relaxing . i ... what would cause you to be affectionate to the point where you are sending someone kisses via text , and steering the conversation towards sexual innuendo ? in other words , how much would you have to ... i can eviscerate someone quite effectively if i want to . but that only tends to happen when pushed . i generally distance myself before i have to behave in a cruel manner . the awareness to do so ... i don't see him as focused at all . i think he's a mess , and so does he . that is being worked on . honest people can admit to their inner messiness . ;) i hopefully differ from the personality types ... so that's an interesting interpretation . i'll think it over , there's a lot of food for thought there . in the meantime , he came over last night and we talked about things for a good 4 hours at my ... i want the good stuff ! the consistent love , real investment , ongoing support , and demonstrative affection our relationship was founded on . he knows how to do that , he just withdraws most of that when ... yes , you called it . ;) speaking of standards : apparently , reminding an entj that he is capable of more , that he is living below his standards is a good way to motivate him to get up off the ... i don't know . i doubt that any one person can help another one get over his fears , much less a stubborn entj . unless you're like tony robbins in his ear day and night . he gets in his own ... for those on the edges of their seats , he just wrote back with this answers to my very geeky google form : coffee schmoffee . there will be sex and it will be earth-shattering you've been on my ... boom . :) that's been my thinking . conversely , my litmust test for knowing if i was doing it for the right reasons , was the ire it raised within me to think that a wonderful city was somehow off ... he is worthy when he commits — i agree . the problem is that he's not afraid of committing to me : he's afraid to commit to a commuter relationship that is both hard on him and that ( he fears ) may be ... i cannot imagine being able to control the feeling and result . half the fun would dissipate if the feelings are positive , and i suspect some fi stuff would get triggered because i want to be ... i wonder if there is any way to know our relative responses to pain , but one thing i'm learning from my experience with this entj is that he is much less emotionally resilient than i am . his ... yeah , i'd buy this if i didn't know what happens when we get together . we * get together * in every way . plus , he knows very well that i want more so he'd have to be willfully stupid to believe we can ... you lot do seem very sentimental . i suspect he is terribly vulnerable when it comes to me otherwise he wouldn't get so emotionally overwhelmed . ( and i don't think you all have a choice about ... fucking fascinating . * puts on ne glasses * it seemed like he was exposing some vulnerability in his email , too , by admitting he wasn't sure what to do . ( i wish i knew whether he was still ... he says he has a hard time staying away from me , but i plan to tell him when i see him it's all or nothing . i had just resigned myself to forcing myself to fall out of love with him and dating other ... why would he want to do that ? i thought entjs were practical . i mean , i've been considering spending part of the summer in his cityx 97which i lovex 97and had no intention of contacting him . what's done is ... goddammit . this came in yesterday . hey [ doublerainbows ] , i'm gonna be in town next week , and i was wondering if you wanted to grab a coffee or something ? sorry if this is a bit out of the ... gosh . an avoidant attachment style . a mood disorder that previously required mood stabilizers . emotional fragility . strong resistance to therapy due to a negative experience on meds . love ... '