' too many people i see often reject the notion of fe and consider it a hindrance . that's the most difficult step - realizing it's not that bad ; to let the feeling take its place and when it passes , ... some of my 4am thoughts - relationships in general .. i kinda doubt i even want a relationship much . it kinda seems like it's a bit pointless . i'd rather enjoy myself without feeling tied down , without ... dear infp friend , i grew kinda frustrated that i didn't have much patience to see you develop , but i suppose i didn't give myself room to breathe . although i communicated with myself , i couldn't ... to be honest , i'm kinda tired of being asked for my perspective on people's issues . only a select couple i talk to about general stuff , but to those who look up to me , i can't help but think that ... i just dance . 259594 art school's been making me feel more photogenic . i want to ask you then . do you find that being with him is fulfilling to you , mostly in what you're looking for ? i want to know if there are things i should be aware of in the future if i do happen ... i've had some good experiences with quite a few . they're pretty great to get along with . i like that they seem easy-going and have an innermost nature to them . when i see their emotions , it's pretty ... lately , i've kinda grown tired of online dating and most of dating in general . i'm too exhausted to give a damn about people when they're not showing interest . i've had some where conversations were ... been getting myself to watch one piece some more , lately , and i like playing this song whenever i'm gaming . relationships don't magically happen of course , but opportunities may come as you get to know someone . love and compatibility aren't mutually inclusive . you can love someone and not have any common ... you do make some good points as to how things could be in a relationship between an istp and an infj , but part of the thing with many unhealthy relationships ( more in general ) is that you're trying ... pretty much this . i've had this issue with a couple of people before . i'll often hear the same thing that i don't care at all , or that i'm not very affectionate and a heartless person . hearing ... something most might like . 251010 basically the image from my profile . i have long hair past my shoulders , but i tied it into a tail and so , it's hidden behind my neck . i have a thing for beanies , ties , and long-sleeve ... it's late at night so my thoughts aren't as collected as i want them to be . i've known two infps , one who i'm especially close with . but here's what i seemed to observe from being friends with ... that depends on how well-versed they are with themselves . i could almost care less about what type they are just as long as i feel strongly or enjoy being with them . that's mostly what counts . hey all , just wanted to make a post about my experiences and interactions with people , especially online here lately , so i'll try and recall / express this as best i can ; i've had practice from a lot ... well , someone's definitely full of spirit . man . them feels ... i think you might be looking too much into it ; it's good you're considering a lot of factors as to what tickles someone's fancy or not . i can't tell for sure if the person is talking that way because ... i wasn't exactly referring to insensitivity due to apathy , but insensitivity to one's thoughts , not feelings , even as a feeler . i find that it's natural for apathy to be reached once a person is ... part of that was on the money ; there certainly was a lot of assumption and a lot of it stemmed from personal factors that i'm not too fond of going into on a board in broad . i'll be honest ... 1 . the dynamic between one ( an ex ) and i was very strained for reasons i don't think would need some long explanation as i came to terms with the person . to say in other words , there never was nor ... i was in a position after a somewhat troublesome split from an enfp due to many external and interdependent factors , mostly each of our definitions of love and expression . four to five months were ... infps are strange strange people . the end , or is it ? wondering a bit about it , this is my take on the matter : while free will may or may not be an existence i find it to be a state of mind resulting from variable factors ; the influence of role models ... stress happens after the stressful action occurs . meh . you forgot cyborgs and robots . on the subject of game of thrones this might be very suitable for the topic ( pardon the slight derailment ) . tyrion , arya , danaerys ... oh - and bronn . sps are pretty chill people to talk to , i assure you . source : is an sp . my view on relationships might be a bit skewed , but i'd rather not put myself out there on the dating scene to fulfill someone else ' expectations . it drains a lot out of me and would only frustrate ... drank chocolate wine with milk . also had a sanrgia for the first time . it was a rather pleasant drink . the thing with anxiety and immaturity is that it doesn't matter in the end ; what once was no longer exists in the present . the past is the past , and what can you do about it ? well , many things . you ... ... i know there's goofy . ( lame pun ) * hides in a corner * lol i think the topic is sorta railing off to enfp-istp thing right now . oh well . i'm liking the responses all of you seem to have - different impressions and values for what you look for in someone ... he might mean , don't share life stories or be the overly-talkative type non-stop . just be chill about being yourself around him and things should go smoothly . a lot of what jb said . it might take some time for istps to start telling things you can go off of , but i'm sure you have your advantages to make it happen . your best chances of talking to him are ... bah , humbug . nuff said . this has helped me get in touch with a few things , relating more to myself i suppose . nujabes is the shit . as easy as it's said than done , enjoy what you're going through . people come and go in your life , some might stay in touch with you , some might not . you might be close to someone one day and decide ... i tend to brush it off , become upset , stay quiet , argue , or distract myself . this was done with my ex , but not as much anymore . after all , she is an ex . a lesson in life to learn .. not exactly the most desirable thing to go through , was it ? from there , i suppose you've set some stricter boundaries for yourself ( generally speaking ) and making what you want clear to others ? yeah , i forgot to go into that . so yeah , boundaries would be what i'm really curious about . how so ? can you elaborate a bit more on that if that's fine ? istp here posting on an enfp board , yikes . anyway , there's a question that's been going on in my head for a while and i'd like to know how long an enfp hold on to their feelings for someone for , what ... istps are such fascinating creatures . they just do as they wish with little to no concern of opinions from others . some of them are quite lazy as well . source : i'm an istp . modeling and texturing . '