' i like this . i always thought i was an open book too , but i'm really not . i think i'm more like a library , and i select the best book for someone based on who / how they are . i work tech support . it has drained me , and i'm so burnt out . stay far , far away from customer service ! there's a book by steven pressfield called the war of art that is supposed to be great advice on conquering the artistic procrastination . sadly i haven't gotten around to reading it . - facepalm - it's a fun way to express yourself and show little things . don't overthink it . as long as you aren't just taking pictures of your food , it'll be fine . i wouldn't do it because other people want ... i sang in metal bands for 9 years . i admit that i've kind of mellowed out though , and don't listen to much metal anymore . the passion is still there , but it's more about melancholy instead of anger ... your life isn't finished . if your life was finished , lay down , say i'm ready ! and die . if you don't , then get up and realize that you aren't finished . it's not until the end that the person you ... an important thing to realize is that everything you're feeling is coming from your beliefs . it may be getting worse because it's bringing to light things that you need to deal with in order to be ... gotta watch it all the way through ... i have a similar idea about this as well . the negative thoughts are only perpetuating as you start to believe them . positive thoughts are indeed good , and can bring in good in return ... however , ... i work out at least a couple days a week . it has been very helpful for my self-image and confidence . play . have fun . act as though everything is a game . can't see the video , it's been removed . i have an interest in things that seem supernatural to us . i think there are many things possible that we are unwilling to believe because we logic and ... the piano ! i have similar problems , too , because of the empathy i feel for other people . several times i have gotten myself into things i really did not want to be a part of , and it took me a while to finally ... for me , it's a matter of making better choices for my health . i don't eat bread / grain , and i mostly avoid dairy and sugar . i've tried to eat more vegetarian / vegan , but i love meat . i also love ... stage fright can be a great opportunity to find out what scares you and why . the fear stems from beliefs of thinking you'll embarass yourself , thinking what you have to say / do isn't of value , or ... i have always faced difficulty in trying to not be a chameleon . it seems like i automatically adjust and respond according to who it is i'm interacting with . it's like i'm a tuning fork , always ... infjs don't change the lightbulb , they change themselves to accommodate the lightbulb . technically , yes , but actually ? not really . the 2 party system is very limiting in who will actually get elected . i live in a republican coal state where it's highly likely that romney will be the ... romney is downright frightening . he seems fake , out of touch , full of lies or promises without means , and will be making things better for the rich . while obama isn't my favorite , anyone besides ... lies lies lies . i knew when i had been cheated on , i knew when plans were being made without me , i knew when they were being polite . i played detective for a while concerning someone's safety , ... interesting that you put it like that . i guess that's one thing i've never really thought much about . it's so automatic for me to gauge a connection with someone that it happens without even ... 77 , must be a good number ! i have issues translating my head to voice too . i can type you a book about things , but when talking to someone face to face , dealing with introversion , analyzing , feeling .. it's hard to get the ... i have been known to become very reclusive , and with my experience i will issue a warning ( not of danger , but of letting you know what could happen as an infj ) . the exhaustion of dealing with people ... sigh i tend to get infatuated with people . i had a really awesome experience with this girl recently . the moment we had was sweet perfection and romance . i was still hung up on it , and have now ... i've been broken , but i've realized that life is what you make of it . i learned that i have the power to live life how i want , not for others . any terrible things i've faced have been made up in ... i find that people limit themselves more than anything else . just being open to opportunity without expectation or judgement about the way things are can change the way you live . i was pretty mopy ... 1 ) i have this all the time . i talk to people on the phone with problems all day . i know very quickly what the issue will be and where someone is going , and i get impatient and frustrated as people ... i can't help you find a girlfriend , and honestly no one on the internet will be able to . however .. there are some important things you can learn and deal with about yourself here . i am a ... i could not agree more ! i think the most important thing you can realize when dealing with negative things is knowing that everything is neutral until you assign it a definition . knowing this ... since i was a child , i have never been very masculine . i'm sensitive and caring , and i have never been interested in activities that are usually associated with being masculine like sports , fishing , ... i have limited knowledge about your experience as i can be frustrated in trying to translate what is in my head into a physical medium . it's all about perspective though . why do you think the ... yeah i'm sure you are helpful in that way . as a creative person , not being creative for a while can definitely bring me down . hopefully that sparks something in him . good luck ! it depends on what that person is willing to explore , but there are a few things that i think could help . 1 . ask questions to find out what core belief is making them feel depressed ( often stemming ... i believe that existence has one quality - it exists . when we die , i think we return to spirit and feel like waking from a dream . linearly speaking , we may incarnate again to experience something . ... you know , interestingly enough , as i've come to accept myself and not care about what others think , it seems like people understand me without even having to explain myself . with friends or even ... i tend to keep everything in , but if i feel like someone is actually interested in knowing more , i'm very open . i guess i'd say i'm an open book if you feel like taking the time to read . i think there's an important thing to notice here . you have a belief about the outcome that is leaving you dissatisfied . nothing i make makes me happy art isn't just about making ... i'm always good with animals , but after taking care of 3 cats that weren't mine , i'm not a big cat fan . i really do not like the taste of coffee by itself , but once it's mixed with sweet stuff , i ... thanks man ! yeah hopefully i can get some more fleshed out . gotta fight against my lack of motivation haha . nice , i will start there and see where it takes me . very nice song . i like the ... i think self-promotion feels unnatural , but posting stuff on here just feels like sharing between people . it's not really so much isn't this awesome what i can do ? as it is sharing your personal ... thanks andrew ! very cool songs . i like your experimental style . that conclusion song reminds me of something , but i can't quite put my finger on it . thanks for posting ! why in the world would you feel shame about it ? it sounds great ! nice job . yeah lol , old songs . myspace was great for bands once upon a time . thank you : happy : the name was minerva . they took down a lot of our stuff when the band broke up , but i think there's still some old songs on myspace . ah yes , experimental sounds right . i love those bands ! here's a metal one , hopefully this link works : as seen on tv you know , someone mentioned that they could see a bit of radiohead in one of my newer songs that i'm working on . i honestly was never much into them except for a song here or there . i definitely ... thank you ! i would say some of my biggest influences are nine inch nails , dax riggs ( acid bath , deadboy and the elephantmen , agents of oblivion ) , fiona apple , tool , deftones , and death cab for ... i saw threads for a lot of different things , but not specifically for music . the art thread seemed like more of a visual thing , so i thought i'd make one just for music . so how about it ? is ... '