' wow , that's very rare ! how exactly does it work for you ? i have synesthesia too , but it seems rather dull compared to yours . seeing numbers , weekdays and months in colors is not as helpful as ... i also try to be polite as possible , which sometimes spires out of control . yesterday i asked a stranger for permission to pet his dog ( he said yes ) , and after he left , i couldn't remember if i ... neither a question , nor useful in any way , but i've always wanted to say this so here it comes : i love your username and i literally always imagine an armed , ready-to-kick-butts weasle when i read ... i can't forget a dream i had a few weeks ago . some sort of mystic guy hosted a course / workshop about seeing symbols as a public event in a middle school . he told us - people of all ages and me and ... being an infj doesn't mean you have to act strictly as the stereotype . the cogitive functions just tell you what's probably the most efficient way to use your skills and energy . i know 7 ( ! ) infjs ... october 31 2013 : scared to death . i'm joining your undead army . i recently finished the assassin's creed series and i plan to play portal next . i also love minecraft and sims 3 ( i just love building stuff ) , and the new 3ds pokemon game is great too . good old ... the pottermore sorting quiz is biased , there is a dedicated tumblr blog explaining why : [ x ] i was sorted into gryffindor , then hufflepuff . right now i see myself as a gryffinclaw , though i'm more ... during that time my family and i were on vacation in the middle east . all news channels showed footage of him being hanged . it was an absolutely horrific , disrespecting and inhuman thing to watch . ... i've been door slammed by another infj ( a friend of mine ) . not cool ... :( i definitely do . empathy means picking up emotions regardless of your opinion or personal feelings for a person . pity probably plays a major role , too . but i can't stand injustice in general , so ... primary color : crystal secondary color : yellow i see . best of luck . you successfully got through the last years , you'll manage the next , too :) thank you for your sympathy . yeah , same here . i suppose the human mind never really forgets . have you ever considered moving out ? jdstankosky in this case , i have two blogs for you : [ x ] a blog with mixed posts about everything , but you can find true bird gems . [ x ] birds only . have fun : crazy : why the hell are birds so cute ? it's past midnight and i need to sleep . stop distracting me , bird blog . once again , i'm really sorry to hear that . nobody should experience this , it's just cruel . your mother and father do not decide your future , and they can't force you to bend to their will in general ... actually a bit of both . a permanent residence in the outskirts / quiet areas of a city would be really nice wow , i'm sorry he left such a negative imprint on your whole family . i hope your siblings will be able to cope with this as well . some people indeed never change , my father is mostly in denial as ... i am so , so sorry for you . i was actually close to tears after reading your post . maybe it somehow calms you to know i had a similar childhood . my parents were not intentionally vicious , but my worth ... why do you move your face like that ? this is probably the best question i've been asked in a long time . the break really pays off . finally i start noticing all the little things that brighten up ... if you prefer advertising and art direction , go for it ! you can always start over , especially when you're still young . i actually experienced this not long ago . i , too , tried to work on the relationships , but they continued talking about me . after a few months i distanced myself from them , which was the best decision ... i'm a graphic design student and not really happy . i miss traditional art very much and since i only have a year to go , i'll maybe study illustration afterwards . or psychology , but i'm not sure . honestly ? my best friend bought me a nintendo 3ds so we can play pokemon x and y together . tomorrow , we will box our way through crowds of little teenage nerds and grab copies of the games . my ... infj ! we met 8 years ago and became friends after i opened up to her in a melodramatic fit : laughing : very animated , unfortunately . my face usually mirrors the emotions of the characters and i don't even notice that most of the time ... : frustrating : while i love to open people's eyes , i constantly struggled with self-realization until i had the worst breakdown i had ever witnessed on myself . during this time , i somehow found my way to mbti , and ... someone threw away half of my books , because they apparently thought they'd be garbage i can't remember the last time i was this angry exactly my thoughts a few years ago : laughing : it's definitely not a hopeless dream . art is hard and we often don't see any progress in our own works , but fortunately our skills grow as the days ... dear anxiety , i heard mount doom is a good place to bathe this time of the year , so i suggest you and your friends take a break from torturing people to enjoy the heat . ( if you won't follow my ... if merkel gets the absolute majority today , i'll start throwing my furniture out of my window . i want to redecorate my room anyway ... no seriously , it would mean another 4 years of being all ... i forgot to mention this earlier , but thank you for your thoughts so far . it's always good to have input from the other type . aside from the promise breaking , he : can't stomach critique anymore , takes out his anger on me , is rude and insulting , treats me like shit while other people get a luxury treatment , ... yes , i'm very sure . that's why his change is so alarming . he suddenly adopts all the negative traits of my narcissistic father , which is quite unusual . he always used to be very independent .  ... good luck , you have all my hopes and prayers . i had my dear old canary checked by a vet last monday and i found him dead on tuesday . the trip was too much for his tiny heart . i told myself to stop pulling all-nighters for school projects , but here i am once again , sleep-deprived and overworked and super emotional . why am i easily being talked into doing other people's ... hey guys , i seek advice for a serious problem : my older brother , an istp , continuously changes since two years . it all started after he spent his holidays with relatives we only see once a year . he ... i can confirm this . as stressful as they might be , studies are a good way to mature . they force you to rethink your views on yourself , others , life etc . change is not easy , but it's definitely ... hello ! personality tests are insufficient if you want to find out your real type . it's important to look at the cognitive functions : istj : si - te - fi - ne infj : ni - fe - ti - se as you can ... i have an adorable snobby coward of a canary as a pet . he used to have a dorky budgie companion , but he died a year ago . you won't believe how much character both have / had ; they lived side by side ... amen . yes , i agree with you . and it's a shame they don't respect your wish to be left alone :/ okay , i just have to tell this : today , on my way to school , a random guy ( 15-20 years older than me ) asked me what my name is ( of all things in english ! : frustrating :) . i was quite baffled , and he ... our family has loving parents , but we have no choice but to be as extraverted as possible if we want to be noticed . one of my aunts is an infj and her son is an intj . it's a bit of a challenge , though . he's the first and only nt in our family , empathy is a foreign concept to him and he still thinks nobody can ... i'm from germany :p roud : at first i thought of the red pill , but you can't trust technology and you'll never know how the internet will develop . you will know , though , when you choose the black one . so it's the black pill ... indeed ! this incidence was actually the final proof :) a few months ago , the grandmother of my 6 - year-old cousin had a heart attack and died . his whole family mourned , but he was perfectly fine and didn't shed a tear . so i called him , and it went like ... '