' 1 ) i kinda need to be corralled . don't approach in front of everyone ! : blushed : 2 ) be clear about what you are after , otherwise i might under-react . hey infp , i think you're awesome ... wandering contemplative birthing caring intelligence harassment and it's legitimate use with a certain intp ! : tongue :  ... i am falling in love with your city ! : blushed : a few animation shorts for punctuation . the diary of tortov roddle  ... the gift of the magi ! :) to be miyazaki's successor ...  a monk prays for an ...  ...  ...  ... thanks : blushed : . i was inspired by all the recent postings !  ... this thread ... mushr 00m , that was fantastic ! : shocked :  ... i must third the fountain , it is a truly beautiful movie . into great silence - a very quiet and intimate look at the ...  ... < font color = #ff000 > lup 4tollgesuqfsbfkjk7gw  ...  ... yes ! my little board  ... hm . can anyone explain this one to me ? bookmarked ! thank you kindly , sir ! ^ ^ ^ look at all those amethyst hue ! ! i do this as well ! it's kind of a coping mechanism , i suppose . whenever i get bored or am bothered by something i experienced , i do a little mental show of ... adverseaffects thank you ! i am glad you liked it . it just so happens that those two are among my favorites two . i almost didn't post them because they are sort of odd ones out .  ... i am not entirely sure why , but this brought a tear to my eye . lovely . oh my , i feel a slight tug of kinship ...  ... aww farmer and wife : blushed : there is no need to apologize , i am glad you felt you could speak out here . i have no real advice other than be forgiving of yourself and take everything one step at a time . this particular article ... thank you !  ... i got 62.5 % . i heard a while back that someone wanted to start a farm for infps ... maybe i should look into becoming a resident ! lol ! i sooo agree with your points . the freedom of living on your own is super ... so today i made some potentially dangerous mistakes . i was boiling a pot water to make soup and walked back to my room to get something , ultimately getting distracted . an unknown time later i finally ...  ... at the moment i am pretty partial to puzzle games . love the professor layton series , phoenix wright and many of the nintendo platforming games . i used to play wow , but sort of lost interest in it ... exactly what i was thinking . it should be one of those traditional ones with the head of a stallion at the top , lol ! thank you theodore !  ... aye , pretty much the same with me . when i get in the mood to watch it though i pop in one of the oldies and sit back in my rocking chair , lol ! that first video was really beautiful . that ... wanna be an angel . not in english ... theodore # 2 reminds me of an mc escher drawing . i wonder how folks cross the loop ? #13 is so engrossing . it is like the spirit of the old building looms over the present . creepy and beautiful at ... i got lawful neutral . the description didn't resonate with me all that much ... yes , i love travel very much ! i am lean heavy on the journey aspect of it , though . planes , trains , and long car ride are very refreshing for me ( mentally and emotionally ) and i take them whenever i ... * be more devoted in my spiritual life * make new friends * lose the last of my weight * finish an art piece a week i love the idea of living a more minimal life . i have already cleaned out much of ... '