' leoni i had really bad social anxiety until i took medicine for it . now , i'm not a huge advocate for medicine , but while i took it , it stabilized me and made me feel way better , because it prevented ... my bet is enfp . don't get too hung up over whether you're really outgoing or not ; some just aren't . it's a nebulous thing , but if you feel like the infp description isn't you and the enfp is , then ... if playing flute is really something you're passionate about , that's like , not even a question . do it . god knows playing music is one of the best things that you can do for yourself my dad was drafted into vietnam . forgive my outdated anecdotal evidence , but no , i'm gonna have to say that united states soldiers are only held to the standards of their commanding officers i'm not saying you'll be fast , but you could do it . most likely . i laughed harder than i should have . that's a 4 month mesomorph runner's body it would require a very strict diet of homemade food and more than 4 months to get to that . as an endomorph , i gain muscle relatively quickly and ... i do ! i actually like the during part , if i feel like i'm doing really well . even if i'm not , the runner's high afterwards makes it worth it . apart from extenuating circumstances , it ... it's hard to stay mad at somebody whose arguments are so poorly constructed . strip yourself of that intj title on your account ; any intj worth their salt could mop the floor with you in both ... this made me smile :D you're at least something of a kindred spirit to me , no need for that high horse :) actually , i'm only 17 . i didn't even grow up in a religious family . but yes , i've picked up on that myself . one of my two closest friends is an infj . i never get bored of him , but it's impossible to deal with him when he's upset . harsh thinking / stubbornness are fine , i'm kinda the same way , but if there's ... i almost want to say people shouldn't debate anything unless it's for fun , but no , that's not quite right . besides , brokengenius is either trolling , or actually incapable of thinking for themself , ... i could never see myself twerking , even assuming i was female . i'd be remiss if i said that there is no way to do it without pandering to people sexually , but even still , i can't really imagine it . ... > implying it's a waste of time please , think before you speak . religious beliefs are not incompatible with the free-thinking , cynical mind . i look to religion as a means of support , not as a ... theist i used to be agnostic and so i don't see anything wrong with it . nothing is patently wrong with atheism by me either , i just know that ( for the most part ) they're missing out . religion and ... ( deleted ) i've never liked his music but he was alright by me until i found out how far the fame has gotten to his head : s spitting on his fans ? what the actual fuck . a vibrator . i'll give you 3 guesses . this would have disturbed me a lot more before i had gone on / b / for 4 years . i've stopped browsing / b / though , because it's just immature anymore . anyway , my reaction isn't to turn away or to ... aquarian , ladyd , and bengalcat , thanks a lot . i want to reply now but it's getting late and i want to be able to devote an appropriate amount of time to my response . i assure you that is not ... thanks for the comprehensive reply . i suppose i didn't give very much information in the op , but you gave me what i'm looking for . i'm no stranger to the assembly line that public education is ... so , i'm a high school senior , and one of my best friends is an infj guy who graduated last year . he's always been scared of growing up , but now that he's 19 and going nowhere fast , i'm a little ... :( but i also play bass night owls is pretty good though i don't think you could have turned out better . you make me feel ways i've never felt before . you can really talk your way out of anything , can't you ? i have no idea how you got me on ... yeah , i think the term inspirer is dumb , i much prefer kiersey's term champion . i feel like i do champion causes ( insert i fight for my friends . here ) for the people i love and for what i feel is ... they aren't mods , that's just the rank you get for having over 3000 posts shoot for 6969 , brother . post songs you think are enfp in nature . i'm absolutely sure this thread has been done before , but i felt was gonna burst if i didn't post this ... yeah , women are beautiful for the most part white or otherwise i like jewish girls a lot , if i had to pick a type , but it's not important to me > true happiness lel ( note : the following is very stream of consciousness , and contradicts itself at least twice . i'll fix it up ) trust me dude , assuming you are a middle class suburbanite , ... bill's is overrated , i say stick with your tossle unless its something dumb like flies or bolts . get a track terrorizer for b instead of spooky sleeves do i think i have a tritype ? sure do i know what it is ? no do i think i'll ever get an objective reading ? not really i'll think about it though . i'm an enfp type 8 , that's cool enough for me to ... no , i feel ya . type 8 seems very t-ish , but it is my understanding of myself that i am an 8 . i'm much less sensitive than other enfp's . it's hard to hurt my feelings . i'm not going to bother trying ... not even true . we're rare , but it happens . just because most of the enfp's are lackadaisical ragamuffins doesn't mean all of us are . hmm , i ought to change that you left out me ! :@ i dunno , i'm with [ strike ] flame princess [ / strike } ace face over there , i think personality assessments are sort of frivolous ; sure they can be neato , but it leads to a lot of false positives ... nah , i don't think it would change anything . i personally am entirely accepting of people's strange attractions ; one of my closest friends is an infj and a zoophile i like talking about sex but ... really ? salt n pepa ? for shame . nah , you've got it all wrong , three esfp's walk into a bar and everyone else goes around it ( <3 you , esfp's ) churchill , abraham lincoln , suleyman , ( i'm running out of dead politicians that i ... here i am , once again trying to return to perc after getting bored so many times because everybody talks about the same stuff always but i love you guys , so who wants to talk about something ... so to post again , it's been a very enlightening summer . gotta thank swordsman of mana for giving me a bit of perspective ; you're totally right , it's fucking easy as a straight guy to find someone ... fengshui 222 use your ne to appear like you know how to enjoy life . you know that phrase , dance like nobody is watching ? live by it . you should be letting it all hang out . pull it off right , and ... smiley , that's a fucking walll of text . ah , yeah . i lose :( meh . i just like girls . but she was something special , and i am complacent enough to bide my time and masturbate yeah , i'm lucky , i just have to be confident and charming . it's just that i get ... swordsman of mana sorry to hear that . getting really attached to somebody isn't that strange . there's this infj ( apparently she also is a mbti-user . dunno if she's on perc ) that i met in a summer ... ... the joke was that you were quoting rarity . might i add that a particularly rare kind of girl would say that ? fixed that for ya ' as far as avatar is concerned , i'm filled with notions of balance and energy . that's how i prefer to think of it . '