' infjs , do you identify ? [ / quote ] i also use the infj death stare when i am being continuously disrespected . i can turn a blind eye for a time . pass off many comments or actions as just inconsiderate ... i like piglet squids ! 88379 i would rather love than be loved . would you rather be a slender loris or a bush baby ? lol ... you know you're an infj ! i am a type 1 wing 9 . i can become drained when unconsciously helping other people feel better . knowing i have helped someone is worth it though , just so long as i get time for some much needed r & r ... i think my fe got hijacked a while back actually ... even my ni isn't particularly active right now . ti ti ti ... maybe i am morphing into an intj ! ? ! people who implicitly try to evoke a reaction out of me ... ( ever just get that ' feeling ' ? ) in a way in which my intuition begins to scream warning ... hairs stand on the back of my neck ... yet ... fb coz i gave it up nearly 2 years ago . would you rather be covered in spiders or snakes for 10 mins ? many people talk about how their adolescent years weredifficult for them , but i really enjoyed my teens . the glasses were firmly inplace then . life was pretty amazing actually when i changed from a ... i've always liked : as useful as a chocolate teapot . :p roud : hello infjs , go for it ! ! ! hi everyone , meet alfie ... look at those eyes , he knows the truth ! lol 87534 i don't think it bothers me ... i guess my perception is that life isn't as magical as it was when i was caught up in my fantasy of an ideal world . i would say i am emotionally detached and i have much more difficulty getting close to people emotionally now . this is different to how i used to be growing up . i don't know if this is ' once bitten ... remembering the good times and forgetting about the bad are the keys to happiness , claims a new study ... why do i feel that forgetting will lead me to ' denial ' ? i don't dwell on the bad , i still ... i would really like to wear the rose tinted glasses i used to wear on a daily basis in the early stages of my life . life events / circumstances have made me see the world in a more realistic , rather ... i have kept people i have doorslammed at arms length . this means that i do not allow them to get too close to me again and therefore , if someone is not closely attached to me , then they do not evoke ... rare = misunderstood . being misunderstood does not make me feel particularly ' special ' to be honest . just as well i am an introvert then lol ... i like to believe that i can read my cat very well . we have this bond which is really strong . i can instinctively tell when he wants to be left alone or how and when to hold him , depending on his ... i have just returned from a short break in amsterdam . wonderful place ... i loved the liberal attitude and the welcoming attitude of the dutch people . it was just so refreshing and the friendly faces ... i agree with female infj - inauthenticity is by biggest pet peeve ... i also pity these people though , having to wear a mask all the time and pretend to be someone you're not must be hard work ! ... my personal experience with an estp ... seems we were drawn to one another like a moth to a flame ... and getting drawn in repeatedly despite getting burnt . i also look at it now like a cat and dog ... [ quote = aizar ; 3360583 ] myth : we're rigid and stubborn . reality : the small truth to this myth is that you can't make an infj do something they don't want to do , and you'll just end up hurting yourself ... when , generally speaking , you are open minded and non judgemental about other people which makes others think that you are not able to form an opinion ... when in truth , you would rather occupy your ... i really do not like conflict . these situations zap my energy quickly . slowly open up to new people . my infp friend said that i am a really strong person who does not tolerate being treated like * * * from anybody anymore . i told her that i may seem cold and spiky on the outside but i am really soft ... ex is estp ... ex is estp ... don't regret a thing though . surreal . otherworldly . life changing . thank you . i have a love / hate relationship with being a highly sensitive person . i understand how it can be a gift and that it can make me truly connect with someone on a deep level . i sometimes think of ... i would think all of the time . would you rather write 100 sentences of your own creative writing or read 100 sentences of another infj's creative writing ? i don't think i can rather this one lol , good call though as i think the ultimate objective of the thread is to create a decision that is extremely difficult to choose . i can honestly say that i ... i am gay , an infj and left handed ... anyone know that statistic ? : unsure : i am gay , an infj and left handed ... anyone know that statistic ? : unsure : so i was just wondering how other infj's feel about being able to pick up the emotions of others ? does it interfere with your own emotions and cause discomfort or do you like it because it helps you ... estp , it would take some real getting used to lol but i would have some familiarity with the functions as they are the same in reverse order . would you rather let a close friend or family member ... write a novel , if that happened it would be amazing ! would you rather be reincarnated as a dolphin or an eagle ? when sometimes i happily spend days without seeing another person having the time of my life haha and then get a text off a worried friend or family member asking : is everything ok ? : s ... this is a tough one because both choices have a superficial outcome , it's a good one . i would have to say hideous but wealthy and help the poor with the money which would make me feel very happy on ... try your best ! i need to meet an enfp , my life is incomplete : sad : one horse-sized duck , having more duck-sized horses in a group would make it less likely to win ( safety in numbers and all that ) . ( doubt i would win against a horse-sized duck to be honest but it ... ok , populous : happy : pareto principle , cool ! i don't care much about popularity either . deleted my fb profile last year and it has not made one bit of difference to me . what i meant by ' why are intjs not as popular ' is not popular as in ... would you rather spend a whole month without one moment to yourself or spend a whole year without listening to music ? i personally don't think most people's entire facebook friend's list entirely equates to their close and real life friendships . as long as your social circle ( social - as in not just social network ... explore my artistic side through drawing , music , drama , crafting - anything that gets me creative.get in touch with nature torediscover that sense of mystery and wonder in the world that i seem to ... edit : what i mean is lol , i would like to ask , why are intj's not as popular as other types ? '