' as far as i've read , my type tends to hate hate hate conflict . ( which of course is true for me ) usually i like to find a way out of the situation or try to appease the opposing parties so the ... i've been single since forever ~ i'm real cautious when it comes to relationships . not to mention that i went to a small school where i was the loveable class weirdo . to be honest i just ... i'd be classified as one of those slim - thin body type infps . i could eat a lot ( which i usually dont ) and hardly gain a thing . actually now that i think about it , i've been the same weight for ... a happy and fulfilling life . several of my friends complain about their existences feeling meaningless . they tend to be more negative so there seems to always be a person or circumstance that ... a happy and fulfilling life . several of my friends complain about their existences feeling meaningless . they tend to be more negative so there seems to always be a person or circumstance that ... i ask myself that same question ~ my friends tell me i should get on facebook more often but really i don't see much to do there . ( that interests me anyway ) i get bored or fed up with everyone ... ( i'm referring to two of my friends whom i am able to see often ) they aren't exactly the happy or encouraging type of people . however , they are honest and were one of my only friends in high ... i suppose as being an infp , when i really like something i get really excited about it . i mean really excited . when i have a passion for something i put my all into it . i wake up in the morning and ... hate to admit it but yeah ~ especially when excited i get really clutzy and run into things , people , animals : laughing : normally though i try to be careful and not hit anything . staying calm helps ... hello ~ i'm an infp and from what i've read ( this is just my observation , i'm not type expert ) you do sound like an infp . usually my head is in the clouds and constantly use my imagination ... ever since i was little i'd always want some sort of exotic pet i probably would never be able to have / take care of . the list has grown over the years and every so often keeps growing . i amuse myself ... hello there my enfp friend ( ﾉ ´ ヮ ´ ) ﾉ * : ･ ﾟ ✧ veeery nice to meet you ~ i have a similar predicament as you do i think . when i'm around people i can tend to become excitable , very friendly and ... thank you so much ~ ! ! ヾ ( ＠ ⌒ ー ⌒ ＠ ) ノ i recently finished the anime and am going to start reading the manga soon . it's a really good series . no anime series has really tugged at my heartstrings like ... here's a couple i've drawn fairly recently ~ 285818 2858 26 melongazpacho ~ awesome ! i also kinda like piko and yohioloid , but again , i haven't listened to the music in a while . hey ~ have you ... itsmyhead ~ oh wow i think you're right . now that i think about that makes a lot of sense ( * ≧ ▽ ≦ ) ﾉｼ ) ) bigstupidgrin ~ i feel the same way about the joker and characters like him . i can't help but ... the producer ~ yeah that may be an explanation for the random fluctuation from e to i . though if i stay around my friends long enough ( both are i ) then i tend to stay as i . ( * ´ ・ ｖ ・ ) ... thank you for the advice but ... only two of the main examples i listed were from anime . the joker is from various cartoons , and of course the dark knight movie . reaver is from a video game series ... i've always liked the villians / darker characters growing up . like shadow the hedgehog , itachi uchiha , loki , the goblin king , etc . ( of course there will also be heroes that i like ... like batman , ... westlose hello there and welcome to this forum ~ ! ( ღ ˘ ⌣ ˘ ღ ) ♫ ･ * : . ｡ . . ｡ . : * ･ the reason i decided to join this forum recently is quite similar to you . i hope you are able to learn a lot more about ... when i get a new favourite character ever , i tend to look up their personality type to see how it matches up to mine or not haha ~ for my top villains it'd probably be ... : 1 . schrodinger ... i didn't know that before , but i totally agree with that ~ i have some extroverted tendencies ( some people even assume i am indeed an e but those who really know me know i'm an i ) you're quite ... interesting ~ what kind of music do you like and / or tend to listen to a lot ? i've been learning japanese for about 3years now so i listen to a lot of music from there . usually the bands are metal or ... 1 . how do you feel about this or that type questions ? ( ex : coke or pepsi ? ) sometimes they're fun - only if the two choices are interesting . 2 . do you like animals ? i love animals . in another ... * swoops in like a hawk * ｡ ◕ ‿ ◕ ｡ hello fellow infp ! welcome welcome to this forum ! it's very nice to meet you ~ hello there ~ ! i noticed that you and i have a similar personality type so i decided to pop-in and say hello ! i'm infp and you're enfp o ( ◡ ‿ ◡ ✿ ) welcome to personality cafe ~ ! enjoy your stay why thank you kind sir ٩ ( ^ ᴗ ^ ) ۶ and it's quite alright , everyone is free to eat cookies anytime they like . just not mine o ( ◡ ‿ ◡ ✿ ) hello there ~ ♬ nice to meet you my fellow infp ! i hope i'll like it here too ~ this seems like a very nice forum . you're probably the first infp i've met ( ' o ' ; ) yes yes ~ ! let's be friends ! ( ﾉ ◕ ヮ ◕ ) ﾉ * : ・ ﾟ ✧ it's very nice to meet you too ~ of course we can be friends ! : kitteh : ohoho ~ you're good . ( ´ ⊙ ω ⊙ ` ) ！ as promised here is your cookie and the thousands of hugs ... wait ... （ ￣ □ ￣ ； ） heeey everyone ~ stating the obvious , i'm new to this forum . : happy : i've actually visited this site several times in the past several years and now have decided to officially join . there's a lot ... '