' there are some really awesome enfj facebook group pages ! it is so awesome ! i have already talked to a ton of people on the pages , i have been on a high about this for days . on facebook are : ... siberian fox 282746 greetings . you have come to the right place . this is the land of enfj's :) are you good at the guitar ? i believe jimmy hendrix was isfp . i am going to look that up , that is fascinating . great article . i would say that in general i have been very satisfied with my relationships with everyone except intimate relationships . i simply ... do you have any friends that are enfj's ? i am sure a lot depends on their ennegram type and instinct type , along with lifestyle . one of my friends is enfj type 4 ( striving to be unique ) and it is always really fun talking to her . i talk ... i have not been in a relationship with another enfj , i am curious to know how it would work out too . i prefer talking to people when i can , but if that is not an option , i listen to music , do light repetitive exercise , or create strategies to eliminate or avoid the stress . i should start ... from the friendzone , how hard is it to get out ? you have officially died and gone to enfj heaven ! i feel that infj's and enfj's can learn a lot from each other . i guess that since the character is fictional , he can be given any qualities . homer may have started to give him qualities of an enfj , but then gave him some estp qualities when it fit better into ... the probably with typing characters is that they are created by the authors . they may pick and choose attributes that are consistent with certain types . what about odysseus ? what about atticus from to kill a mockingbird ? 272810 i like my clothes a like more comfy ... if you know what i mean . here is my teddy ... 272794 [ quote = radu ; 14967106 ] that's because we can get you to do whatever w .. hey ! did i mention you look really nice today ? :) are you a model ? i have never met a model before ! muhahahaha “ a dog has died ” by pablo neruda all his sweet and shaggy life , always near me , never troubling me , and asking nothing . i would consider it excellent manipulation / strategy because there is the overt and subtle part . did you catch the subtle part ? it is a constant battle ! and you have to be many different people and play many different roles . this is something that is very hard for other types to understand . what if someone desperately ... i will admit , there are some things that are sneaky that i throw in once in a while . sometimes when i am arguing with someone else , i throw in comments or questions that i know will throw them off ... the idea of causal sex always sounds nice , but there has to be some sort of meaningful connection or i just feel guilty . i love having sex , but i definitely do not think it is life-changing . i ... i do not know about enfj ... i would say that he is a type 7 enneagram though , which explains the charisma . other than the charisma , he does not seem to use fe as a dominant . he is just a little ... i am not sure what to think when people say that enfj's are manipulative ... in what ways can you be manipulative ? i will admit that i have used social pressure to crush conflict . by that , ... hahaha , i laugh because ... it is true ! i feel the same way . now i take criticism as an advantage . regardless of whether it is meant as advice or just to tear me down , it is an opportunity to test for insecurities . for example , if someone said you are ... hahaha , i never thought of ' givers ' as sluts ! i like the suggestions : catalyst and ones using idealistic and guidance in the name enfj's , what do you consider to be the toughest part of being an enfj ? for me , it is sensitivity to criticism . it hurts much more when i am not prepared for it . the standard enfj treatment is precisely how i would put it if that enfj was me . i always text people back regardless of who they are , just because : - i think it is rude to not respond . - i ... i recommend doing something hands-on that you love , especially a sport . i started kicking boxing and krav maga ( israeli martial art ) and it really helped my se . i always write in a journal and ... i would say that i take a leadership position in about everything . that is just because no one else wants to truly lead . i think that we give as a way to establish harmony , which in a way is ... it can apply to other types ... but then it might also not be included in their strategy . sometimes people become so routine and limited in their strategy that they do not have much of a range of ... i am testing out the idea of the enneagram types for dating . if a girl does not fulfill my need for excitement at all , i just feel depressed and want to run away . maybe couples are more like to ... that is dead on . the amount of neediness and petty quarrels in dating do feel like a devolution of my life . the worst is when girls go through a strong testing phase as they let all of their ... accuracy relates to the objective . perspective relates to the subjective . for example : searching to explain the meaning of life might be important . but it is not important , because it ... type 6 : striving to be secure richard pryor type 7 : striving to be excited here are some examples that i have found of different enfj enneagram types through celebrity videos . type 1 : striving to be perfect brene brown i am going to explain each system first as explaining them all together is something that continuously confuses people . instead of the 7w8 , 1w2 , and 3w2 ... think of it as 713 for now . ... instead of dominant , let us call it a lead cognitive function . for instance , for intp it would be accuracy ( supported by exploration ) . perspectives - finding the metaperspective or the superior ... yes . but casual in a way that i do spend time with them and do like being around them . and we do go on casual dates . i just assume that it may never go anywhere . i do think of long-term ... i am trying to see how enneagram types can help out with compatibility for dating . i am enfj type 7 and i often find dating to be very unfulfilling because it is so boring . i just want some ... you explained that beautifully , thank you ! i find it frustrating trying to explain / teach this material to others . it is so crystal-clear to me but other people seem to have all these different and ... great recommendation . i am trying to figure out a way to frame that so people realize that their types are permanent . you have to go for it . it is completely missing the point . if you were creating a human race , would you make them all the same type of person ? would that make any sense ? psychological types exist to balance out ... i understand how the shape-shifting tendencies weird people out . as a enfj type 7 , i play all sorts of parts and it baffles people . i am very particular . and i have not dated certain girls because i did not want to lose them as friends . i have never had a casual friendship turn into a significant relationship . i have a ton ... could you not tell the guy was intp ? is that not logically consistent ? is it not logically consistent that psychological types exist ? i cannot speak for all enfj's , but i am hard-wired to read emotional reactions and states . the infp's that i have met are real , they act true to who they feel as a person . it is amazingly easy to ... of course you do not see the point of the video . you probably did not even watch it . that is the point . the types fit because the way they use their cognitive functions fit perfectly with the functions . they act in ways that fit almost all of the clusters of data written about them , even though those ... '