' 40 . ya'll might like the game blendoku ! i am an indistinguishable blob of gelatinous goo . stupid dang gif dimension requirements prohibiting me from posting a very reasonably sized image file imo but here i love this so hard because my dad is a suspected isfp & this was his fb profile photo for years : 300130 he made it in mspaint & it really looks like him : tongue : and yes he took a picture of ... thank you for replying to me . i think all the mismentions i'm getting are in the [ at ] username format , so you may be right ! i would message the person , but it's not a person it's people , so , oh well ... hi i've been getting notifications for a while now from users mentioning other users who have ' moon ' in their username . they aren't mentioning me & the whole username of who they are mentioning is ... it's self-acceptance that you're looking for & the process is different depending on the individual . i indulge my private nature . i am alone-ly little alien : crazy : chuck close ! the best feeling is a mutual feeling , especially one shared silently with a friend through sideways glances caught between eye rolls . my favsies . what's the big deal , ya like whatchu like . on a more important note , mm . me too . can't stop listening to this silly 60 ' s song i heard on futurama . broke out the ol ' air guitar & some twang-a-dang . ahhh yeahh , that's right . bend it , bend it , just a little bit ... ... heartwarming , thinking of all the free hugs videos i've seen , almost teary eyed , wanting to participate . then the ending , and a sadness hit me , a loneliness , and i really cried , and a very very ... hello everyone . as the title states , my eyebrows have been destroyed . i got them done yesterday professionally for the first time ever , and am very , very , very unhappy . my natural eyebrows are ... glowing , creating and radiating white light outwards , antigravity , closed-eye perma-smile , limbs engulfing the universe , steady hum she knows how i feel ... i voted neutral , because it started out a shit storm and kinda steadied itself at that level , but it ended in such a way that set up 2011 to be fucking radical ice cream parlor ! veterinarian assistant . ummm ... ice cream parlor ! used 4 times : happy used 4 times : heart used 4 times : night used 4 times : birthday used 3 times : long used 3 times : time used 2 times : mom used 2 times : macaulay used 2 times : please used 2 ... it's purty . looks like home . babysitting my fifteen-days-away-from-turning-one-year-old niece . she's still sleeping , so actually i'm watching the sunrise finish up . it's been waaay tooo looong since we last met , morning ... i cannot choose . spring gives me great motivation and optimism , i enjoy exploring the world as it opens itself up again , refreshed , i follow suit . fall is romantic , causes me to tumble to great ... i drink socially . rarely am i social so rarely do i drink . alcoholism runs in my dads side of the family & having witnessed his own alcoholism has severely lowered my interest in the substance ... root :op en ( 12 % ) sacral :op en ( 62 % ) navel : under-active ( - 19 % ) heart :op en ( 38 % ) throat :op en ( 12 % ) third eye :op en ( 38 % ) crown : under-active ( - 12 % ) well . this actually happened like , a week ago , but since then i've been busy and not online . so yeah . i got accepted to a great art school in a historically amazing city ! totally stoked ! granted it's ... gem tones , chartreuse , gold ! dibs on the black kitten with the orange nose today a new friend & i talked on the phone for two & a half hours . i am sooo not a phone person , & haven't spent that long on it with a friend since maybe high school . we met a few days ago & she ... i related to jane :) happy belated half-birthday to you ! haha , i'll be twenty-three & a half in three days ! yep . i'm a crybaby . i cry over progressive commercials . flo's so damn cute . haha , ha , ahh . yeah :] yes totally , totally totally totally yes . yes . 25-29 . gimme . but to be fair that's not a whole lot older than i . waiting for a very important phone call . oh the anxiety ! this one used to mean something to me youtube - flames , vast free cake ! stamps are what , forty-four cents ? totally worth it dude ! beach party vietnam ! surfin ' with the viet cong ! cookin ' hot dogs with napalm ! a beach party veitnam ! bitchinnn ' camarooo yeah , i like ' em okay :D strong arms . the ability to let things roll off his back . respect given to everyone . easily amused . big smile , big eyes . sexy hands & neck . a certain style . manners . makes the effort to see me ... snail mail penpals > email penpals i really love alphonse mucha .  ... i used to want to be an archeologist . and have super massive boobs . ... played a lotta tomb raider growing up , yeah yeah . changed my mind & never filled out a c cup but i'll still make you purr ;) please don't regret this thread , you're doing the right thing by writing your feelings down somewhere . 1 . an old stamp of a cursive j with ink pad 2 . two pictures , one of my dad & i , one of my mom & brother 3 . the book i'm reading right now 4 . one of those spiral letter holder things , holding ... watching pineapple express , wanting a dale to my saul so bad ! eating chef boyardee & waiting for the jell-o i made earlier to set . i made raspberry jell-o and chocolate jell-o pudding , anticipation ! ... mm , not really . though last week i went into an art supply store & was checking out the oddities near the counter ( keychains etc . ) while my friend checked out . the cashier saw me looking at a bucket ... * dreaming * halt . let's go i wear make-up any time i leave the house . my skin is such that if i do not wear some i look dead ( dark circles , pasty white ) . but i don't wear much & i keep it natural . blushed cheeks and lips , ... just started hell's angels by h . s . thompson . it's dirty ! did anyone bring goody bags . there must be goody bags . really ? i love that guy '