' i toats agree , like i'd literally be an actual vampire if i could . because i have clear set goals and a max of 50 sane years , which i'll need all of to get there . if i was immortal i could do ... ... i think i'm too old to be on this thread and i'm in my early 20 ' s ... rexxie death is horrid , especially the build up to it if you are suffering from a long-term disease ( so cancer , dementia , ... hmm ... death ... i don't want to ever die , but i'm glad death exists . since just ending is appealing , and it's nice to think that my consciousness can disappear . but then again i'd rather be known for ... i was put in gifted programs when i was at school , i apparently the internet gave me an iq around the high 120 ' s low 130 ' s ... but i'm dyslexic i can't do patterns they hurt my brain . i can't play ... each time i take the mbti i am closer to becoming an entj , only off by 6 % last time round . do you think i'd make a good a entj ? as i slowly become more evil . you're such a tease i love it ... mistress : blushed : i want you spank me like i've peed on the floor . ... sorry , this is a bit bad ... i'm quite drunk . confession i want that girl in ghost ... yeh cool mate , eifel tower 2 hours . i'll be in a full body dog costume , so you'll need to hit pretty hard tbh otherwise i won't feel a thing . also i want you to call me a bad bitch , i have a ... i love glitter , its too beautiful to be tacky . also i'm too cheap to buy real jewelry ... i'm a dark sparkly queen . nout ' can be stopping me ! daleks_exterminate tbh 12 sounds pretty pricey ... recently i've been thinking a lot about cutting my wrists , and the idea kinda arouses me . i won't do it , but yeah ... also been watching yoi pretty banging show . that's sooo much entp , wowza + cheers dp lol yeah ... i mean this all pretty abstract . i mean i'm not currently going boo you judger so maybe your an entp . drunk parrot wot do you think ? i get you on anonymity , sorry if i seemed at all invasive its just a bit easier for me to reason with context . emma is a novel by jane austin about a rich lady who meddles with other people ... as a human who did their own test you can be biased , even answer falsely with out meaning to , the questions could of been ill phrased causing you to answer inaccurately . so you can't really trust ... i think myers briggs test is bullshit . online quizzes are fun ... but only when taken with a big pinch of salt . that sounds like that really sucks , like really . i mean to me it just sounds like they're trying to emma you , i'd personally be quite angry at this . maybe you need to ask yourself how they're ... good conversation , since i don't think we've proper chatted before . but now its ( way past ) time to sleep , so i must retreat . have a good night all , and into slumber pleasantly fall . no , its good to have a conversation about this . i don't think either of us are wrong since we perceive the same thing in different ways . we both subscribe to different philosophies so we each see are ... ? i personally have a much stronger science background than philosophy . so i use objectivity as my sliding scale , it has always seemed to me that nihilism has branched out from this . of course ... because most nihilists are 15 years old ... no but , i do generally agree with nihilism but some people use it as a victim hood / entailment thing opposed to just not trusting anything thing . i ... castigat like a spatula under soapy water i emerge once again ... i feel my initial reply to you might have been a bit harsh , i got most of the context for it from your avatar going barf . hi . i'm ... i want to make beautiful things , to terrify and inspire . but you know its so much work , while making and finishing something all love disappears . and when you see what is made you wonder if all that ... i don't think having an apd makes me a blight on society , it takes all sorts to make a world , i know there are a lot of ways it makes me more resilient than others as well as more objective . there's ... parrot i'm just saying , that there's a wide spectrum of stuff . i think i might have some antisocial personality disorder , but i would not draw my conclusions from an discussion with a couple of ... i totally agree , but you can't avoid all the dumb fucks . only once have i lost composure and proper shouted at a creep , but i think reacting will only lead to worse . i don't really want to become ... luci ferre i like you're efficiency do you feel you can share here ? this is the most honest i get , i do hint to others sometimes . but i once did a test with friends to bring it up ( also to see if any were similar to me ) i scored high ... when i don't work i begin to spiral ( and also use this forum ) i need to be busy all the time to control myself . but then again i go through brief intense crisis a few times a year , because i feel i ... blind traveler most of the time i ignore it , there's just been a load of stuff lately which has been horrible . if i were to properly react i would be perceived differently , and i am careful about how ... to be honest wastefulness really distresses me . why do people spend so much money on nothing ? like so much , i can't comprehend why ? that proper does me in , i do understand ... but also ... i don't . ... blind traveler cont'd ego convo most of the time things slide with me since its not worth the effort to tutor stupid people . but nothing can crack your ego like being patronised and seen as second ... sorry if i'm a bit late on this stream of thought , but i find i also feel this way . i can understand how someone feels but most of the time i find it funny rather than distressing . but if someone was ... redeemofself just dipping a cheeky little toe in the water , good way to find out if people are legit crazy rather than ironically sadistic : wink : drunk parrot yep seems so according to this quote from wikipedia the killing for me was secondary . i got no rise as such out of it … for the most part . but the figuring it out , the challenge — the ... oh opps that was just me imaging how he would say he was testing his crossbow , what tone the would use . i continue in that sentence to disagree with myself ... also in my timezone its quite a bit past ... drunk parrot yeah probs , but to do something for fun is different from doing it for nothing . i'd say that would be an emotional reason to do something , but i feel like this context could probably be ... oh you cheeky parrot , wot are you like ! or maybe he was really drunk and too embarrassed to say it . nah mate i'm such a stone killa wot a little diva , ice man was putting more then bodies ... i was just thinking about what i would ask him in the interviewers place , since it seems like an exceedingly cruel and wasteful way to try out a crossbow . to be honest i would assume he was a ... vimalahot i'm guessing your addressing the title of the thread i think that's fair since anything about psychopathy is so vague and there are so many variations thought to be of ( like even being ... i enjoyed the way it played around with perception though , you have the actor for kevin becoming less pretty through out the movie . i think most the analysis is through visual cues , i liked it ... has anyone else seen we need to talk about kevin , what do you think ? i talked to my friends ( intj + isfj ) i watched it with later , i found i strongly empathize with kevin . not because of his ... howdy , time to dance ! skippingrocks i was kinda interested to see if there were some other entp professional artist's . i appreciate you might not wish to share your blogs / tumblrs on here because this is a site to be used in a personal ... to kill for sport i accept your changed answers . you are a diamond among jewels and glad you can be in the forum with us . i'll guess 25-35 , now . ohh parrot , we both know the internet would be a ... i hate talking to my family , sometimes i want to hurt myself they annoy me so much , being with them brings out a really ugly part of me . i don't cut myself , because that's stupid , but sometimes i ... i am tkfs 1 ) somewhere between 19 and 94 2 ) near the sea all my life . 3 ) i prefer bars to clubs , i can't deal with too much noise because i get ... migraines . the pain in my brain has long ruled ... wot is this school ? is my grammar is so bad you cannot understand my intent ? if so i am sorry but i only wish to keep the syntax more casual , as if we were in conversation rather than an academic ... i guess on the whole i avoid certain foods entirely , like sugary or rich and milky food . when i do eat these especially in conjunction with my period i always watch very emotional movies ( like the ... i don't know , all i can taste is blood ... is it because my mouth is bleeding from metal wires ? or is it because i'm eating you're heart ? #promposal xxx drunk parrot p . s your avatar looks ... i could eat you're wiring , or just sell it . fair enough , but i hope at least you felt somewhat tempted from you tower . and no , but i basically live on marmite ... '