' much obliged , kind sir ! thank you ! oh , sure ! spoil the answer , why don't you ? : tongue : actually , this is probably a pretty good idea . also , if you see a group of people just standing around talking , and you come back hours later ... i'd mostly agree with what ben and fiasco said . a good book on one of my favorite subjects is also appreciated . having someone to discuss it with is even better . i used to be that way . tried to correct every spelling error i came across . my brothers especially were ... unappreciative of my assistance . : crazy : i've since mellowed out . i'm still pretty ... love the bass groove in this one . can't think of any other song that gets me moving in quite the same way . you have excellent taste ! i could probably write a good deal on the various factors that i think combine to result in such a preference . to sum it up , i suspect it's because that the anime we fans watch here in north america ... oh , good , i'm not the only one . don't seem to be very many people doing that to me . not being a clinical psychologist , i can't say for certain , but i don't think this is related . at least , not for me . there's no real disturbance in conscious thought , just in speech . i'd say it's ... highly annoying . thought trains collide in my mouth , turning a set of beautiful , eloquent ideas into a horrific mish-mash of a verbal monstrosity . crap , i totally forgot about her ! nine lifetimes worth of experience and knowledge , and cute as a button to boot ! ... : crazy : ah ha ha hax 96 no . though i can see why i got this . i use my lj more as a tool for keeping up with friends than for any serious writing . seconded ! i might have picked samus , but i was kinda late to the whole console gaming scene . i didn't see her until super smash bros . , and i've never played through a metroid game . here are some ... if i'm in a really bad mood , it doesn't work , but i can usually smile on cue fairly well . my brother can't , though . our family has a running joke about how he never smiles for the camera . after ... i put great effort into not doing this . whenever i try to observe something , i often focus almost exclusively on one single thing . i think fighter pilots call it target fixation , but whatever the ... apologies if my comments seem like a barely tangential rant . i've tried to share my thoughts , but i may have gotten carried away . bleh . i am rather fed-up with the rat race at the moment . ... sure , a good oompah band is fun every once in a while . red . blue is a close second , though . if they're what i think they are , yes . i like just about anything sweet . this is one of my favorite things to ponder , mostly because i love screwing with standard expectations . every so often , i'll do something that prompts somebody nearby to declare it vaguely girly ... that's one of the reasons it took me until my mid - 20s to get a license . ( that , and having to learn in a bulky , top-heavy minivan that's nearly 2 decades old . ) i still get a little nervous every ... but , i'm not a bunny ; i'm a cat . though i would like a birdy of my own . i won't eat it , i promise ! huh ? what are youx 96 oh crap , truck ! * swerves * ahem . in all seriousness , i like to think i'm pretty decent behind the wheel , but it does take a considerable amount of concentration . it should get ... yeah , you know the lady who wears that is going to be the most popular girl in the bomb shelter ! this has to be the most creative method of typing i've seen . kudos , mannyp . btw , si for me . definitely si . call me curmudgeonly , but i don't like my holiday seasons overlapping . it ruins the magic . i hate it when pop radio stations start playing christmas songs before thanksgiving . ( fortunately i don't ... whoa , slow down , buddy ! it's not even december yet ! ah . i was wondering why 340 % of intps were gifted . not that i'm complaining , mind you ... watch out for the intps , too ! * grins ... how did you get these numbers ? they seem rather ... implausible . for that matter , how is one supposed to interpret this chart ? what is this nebulous quantity n , and what data are used to ... for those of you who like their science with a side order of silly , the 19th first annual ig nobel prizes ! science friday's coverage on npr . ceremony webcast 2009 ig nobel prize winners ig ... ehh ? group hug ? : confused : you mean , like ... with the ... and ... but ... huh ? kinda hard for ... huh . ham vs . laika ... that makes sense . cool . that's an ... interesting analogy . how did you come to it ? oh , well . the offer still stands , should you change your mind later . probably not a good idea . they might blow it up . : tongue : if you get bored up there and want to come back , just let me know ; i've got a ride you can borrow : easier said than done . not that i'm saying it isn't a good idea ; it is . but since feeling is our shadow function , when we involve it , we tend to use it with all the grace and finesse of an ... this doesn't strike me as particularly healthy behavior . i will admit , when i'm frustrated with something , there's a strong temptation to take it out on the people i interact with . this is why i ... i don't know if i've actually gotten this very much . i only recall hearing similar sentiments from a couple of friends . they seemed to interpret my blank expression as sorrowful , bordering on ... odd , i would think any decent graphing calculator has a random number generator . did you read the entire manual , and / or exhaustively experiment with the various commands ? disclaimer : mine's a ... better to remain quiet and let them think you stupid , rather than open your mouth and remove all doubt . meow ? length fantasizing about romance . i feel quite happy for my newly-engaged friend , with a twinge of envy for the joy he's found . the magic bus isn't helping . ah , if only ! then i could actually box like a real manx 99 ! : tongue : there's something i've noticed with myself , and i'm wondering if it happens to other intps . the phrase emotional outburst ... so ... it's russian ? you'll have to work through differential equations and / or linear algebra . whether or not you'll have to memorize all that ... well , that differs with a number of factors . if you're good enough , you ... you , my dear , have probably never been exposed to true math . what you've probably seen is naught but child's play by comparison ; any decent computer could be programmed to do that kind of ... fair enough . the wording , in retrospect , was rather poor , but i still agree with the general sentiment . i'd like to learn how to deal with my emotions so i don't become a neurotic wreck when they ... : mellow : ... huh . i cannot deny the logic . we are , after all , here for self-improvement . i wish i could find a decent set of tabs for this song . just finished watching the space shuttle launch . go atlantis ! slightly concerned at the parallels between my isp and the heartless telecom monopoly in terry prachett's going postal . seriously , two hours of downtime with no warning ? marveling at the complete cluster * * * that is american health care . aside from that , nursing a headache that's probably a result of me sitting on the couch all afternoon . i agree with liontiger . if you're not going to take next semester off , at least take it easy . get some of the simple general education classes out of the way , and go for some easy as . also , have a ... '