' we are having a baby in one month ! crazy how fast life changes ! we're gonna have a little girl ! happily ever after : kitteh : 150866 i'll just leave these here :)   it's hard to believe how much has changed in a few short months . i also think it's funny that after i thought online dating was such a great idea , i end up meeting my true love the old fashioned ... i was just looking back on the last couple of years and thought it might be worth updating this thread , for anyone who is interested . i'm getting married in a month , to an amazing woman who also ... i also wanted to share this video , it reminds me of the situation with me and bob haha ... in fact the coat pamela is wearing in that video is practically identical to the coat bob wore the last night ... oh hello ! i just noticed there were some new replies to this thread . i didn't notice them before , i may have turned off email notifications or something . anyway , for anyone interested , i'll give ... i remembered something today that i had forgotten or maybe pushed to the back of my mind , something that made me feel a little bit better today when i remembered it . i remembered that while i was ... can it be both ? also is this normal or weird ? as i go about looking for and meeting other girls , i keep comparing them to bob , and keep thinking bob is prettier or bob is better in x way . is that a normal ... yeah . just a thought though , how would an infj typically act in a situation like this if they met someone else and fell for them ? i suspect she might have fallen for someone else and not known how ... i don't remember if we came up with a code name for her yet on skype lol . i haven't met her in person yet but she seems more goofy and takes herself less seriously than bob did , so that might be a ... hmm well don't get me a wrong , i'm moving on , not much choice in the matter , i just hate the way things ended . i have a date tomorrow night with someone else ;) for one thing i guess i sympathize with her situation , i came on kind of strong there without being sensitive to her reactions , and didn't intuitively know how she was feeling , which i could see ... i don't know , i just do ... i am confused . just an update , i've made a lot of progress towards getting over this situation . it doesn't hurt so much , it still hurts but it's much better . still no response from her , of course . i'm guessing ... awesome movie review ... this is love ... well , i was discussing it with james and nobody on skype , and they asked me a bunch of questions about myself , how i think , how i operate . they seem to know more about the functions than i do , and ... hey all , just an update , this is kind of funny , but after talking to a few people on skype who sound like they know a lot more about the functions than i do , it appears i am probably not an intj ... just a thought , i forget if i asked this before , but maybe the text / email were too serious for her and she doesn't even know how to respond , or it's too awkward ? what do you guys think about ... haha i don't think i came on that strong , i never said i loved her , just that i liked her and what qualities i liked about her . but i'll work on showing a level of interest that is more appropriate ... well i was reading the science of relationships last night ( recommended by superdooper ) . i have only read a little so far , but i was excited to read the section about how to tell if someone is ... here's what i wrote , with names changed to preserve the identity of the ( innocent ? ) hi ( bob ) , hope you're having a good day ! i really enjoyed spending time with you last saturday , and i'm sorry i ... you gotta remember this is literally my first time dealing with this situation lol ... i've never fallen this hard for someone and dated them them long . maybe that's part of it . thanks , don't get me wrong i'm still sad and will be sadder if she never responds , but not as bad as before . i wasn't trying to make her feel guilty , i hope that isn't the effect my email has . i've never been good at holding back my thoughts or feelings , and i couldn't resist any more . it has been 3 days now , so i went ahead and sent her a brief email explaining my position . i just had ... i just kind of assumed she wouldn't do that with someone she knew better and felt close to , or at least someone she was more eager to talk to . i think she's special for other reasons , not for being infj . she was special before i knew what infj meant . but i guess if she doesn't care about me enough to even try and keep in touch then that's ... she might be angry , i know when she's mad she goes away for a while to think about things . this is just something she wrote in her eharmony profile , i haven't actually seen her angry , but it could ... well it has been about 2 days with no response . i am guessing she probably wasn't into me in the first place , i can't imagine she would go from liking me to not liking me over a couple of botched ... well , in light of my latest revelation , any further advice ? is it best to just wait and see if she responds , and if not , leave her alone ? or maybe wait a while then try one more time to contact her ? don't worry i am aware that i'm responsible for my own actions . hopefully i'll learn from this and do better in the future . it's probably not fun for a girl to date someone who makes these mistakes ... thanks for the encouragement . these are a lot of first tries for me . i am going to try and stay positive . well i made a mess of the date , maybe it's fitting that the thread is a mess too i just hope i can find out soon if this is just a setback or if it's over . i guess i'll need to give her some space and hopefully she'll let me know her feelings . i would be happy to keep seeing each ... i was just pointing out the spparent irony of the situation , the advice is still appreciated and it has been certainly a learning experience for me so far ! some day i'll look back on all this and ... well we will see what she thinks about the whole thing . who knows , maybe it wasn't a deal-breaker for her . i can't imagine why she would let me into her home , show me all of her artwork , have me ... maybe when i get home i'm still on the road well just so you know i tried to kiss her primarily because of the advice i got on this forum lol ... look what you've done ! left to my own devices i probably would have waited a lot longer , and now ... well guys , i'm not sure what to think , it might be over . i'm a little confused but here's what happened . i drove 3 hours up to see her , then i thought we had a fun day taking and laughing as we ... i'm excited about tomorrow but i am not sure if i can suppress my nervous tics for the whole time , it sounds like we're going to probably spend a total of 5 + hours together . i kind of wish i had ... see there's confidence : laughing : i want to be like enigma daddy when i grow up ! look how in touch with his emotions he is , and he's ahead of me in fitness too : happy : that's sweet of you to say , thank you :) actually i took one on our second date and i think i was more bubbly because of it , the anxiety wasn't holding me back as much . oh i actually have some lorazepam i could take for the anxiety . my doctor prescribed me a very limited amount for use in only in very stressful situations , not for regular use . maybe i'll pop one ... when you say bonding , i'm not sure what you mean , can you elaborate ? ugh but my big stupid mouth , sometimes i say the opposite of what i'm thinking , in the form of teasing ... i was thinking how cool it was that she was going to a lan party on a friday night , but what ... there is a problem i am not sure how to deal with though . sometimes when i'm around her , or tonight just talking on the phone , my heart starts beating faster and i get short of breath . what ... oh and then she had to go because she had plans tonight with her friends . what was she doing ? going to a friggin ' lan party . how awesome is this chick ? '