' that's funny because i count my i too when i'm done with a post . so my gf had a good point . how should i put this , if that other person is in you but there is something holding it back like fear ... interesting , because your alter ego is that person you subconsciously want to be . that other half of you that can break barriers you couldn't even imagine breaking on your own . any other thought ... do any of you infjs think thinking of an alter ego is superficial ? your great and you do remind me of her . we're young and still have so growing up to do . thanks ^ _ ^ that's okey i'm happy to hear you are writing . and to vanishing point well you and her are alike . she never really thought of what type of guy she wanted . i feel she want to be with me but i ... are you writing now if you are i would love to read some of your work . if you want you can privately message me an exert from one of your favorite pieces ... huh ? huh ? are you married to an istp ? if so cool . my gf's an infj and she's a four too . the thing is see wants me to be more like the typical istp but i'm a type 9 so it would be hard for me to be the bad ass ... sounds like you want to be an istp lol beautiful : blushed : great alter ego . it was completely different than mine . you approached him as if he just takes his time to experience the moment rather than telling us what characteristics your ... i didn't mean your imaginary friend . i wanted you to tell me about the alter ego you have for yourself . is there was a better you . if that's it then describe how he look and act . if you can even tell ... explain a little more please ... i was wondering if you guys ever thought of a alter ego for yourselves . if it being realistic or fictional , a better version of you or a completely different person , what would he or she be like ? it ... wow never heard that one before . so you don't have one . you've never thought of a better you ? that's great i wish i can say the same for myself lol ... the picture i have in my head of the better me ... i was wondering if you guys ever thought of a alter ego for yourselves . if it being realistic or fictional , a better version of you or a completely different person , what would he or she be like ? it ... what where you expecting on an istp thread ? everyone else seen it as a joke . i am fairly new to this site , well i had an account but dont use it much . my question is if we wanted to improve our weaker functions could we or is this who we are and there is nothing we can do ... yeah thanks for the support and the advice ... your right and wrong . when i seen her sad the other day and all the other times she was sad even before the other guys and it hurt seeing her that way and not being able to help . but you are kinda ... ge you are kind of right about me feeling used but then again i try not to think that way because i know life would get lonly for her if i just stopped talking to her . i'm not ... why do i feel so lonly i try and try but then feel phony i say i give up as i scream in my pillow then think to myself ill just be me why not , skittles or skittles . to be truthful im scared im only making it worse for her . we use to date and now we are not really but we still hang out like we are . some days i get jealous becuase she is starting to talk to all ... let me read some istp poems . make one up real fast if you don't have one . i think this would be cool . even if its two words let me here it . i'll post one for every poem . the thing is i know why she have low-selfesteem . i don't want to go into detail but she has ever really had anyone to be there for her . i mean i tryed but i guess i can't understand infjs . i know ... her self-esteem is low and it effects most of her life . i have been trying to help for a long time . i even gave up at one point because i though it wasnt working . maybe it did a little but i know now ... she never asked for my help . she never would . she crys about it once and a while but i see it just getting worse and i don't want her getting any worse than she is now . i think maybe at this point ... ge should i talk to to her about this or should i just jump right in and start giving her suggestions . i think i should talk to her about it but i don't know how i would ... i learned about in college a few years back . i need to figure out how i can use this in both our lives . because i wouldnt be able to help her and help myself at this point but ill do anything i can . so i have this infj friend that has low self esteam and it trigger hr aunxiety . i dont kow what to say to her to make her feel better . what i want to say is that she's beautiful but she dont want to ... only 24 votes ? come on ... hahahahahaha , sigh ... i'm so stubborn its not even funny . need more votes to be as accurate as i can i've met 3 infj that i know of and they liked me . one i was really close to . you guy are cute . no homo : cool : that is one of the words i would use to explain you . and with the communication thing , its ... someone told me that istp 9s were uncommon and i wanted to is if that was true . just wondering ? it depends on what you have already done with your knife . i never ready use all the tools in a multi-tool and its to bulky for my pocket . i giggle sometimes . it catches me off guard and my friend laugh at me because they don't see me as a giggler . you should make that a thread , it seems most of us carries knives around lol i bet we all have just about the same thing in our pockets . i dont have a phone right know and i stop carrying a knife this might not be interesting for us istps but i am . i always have my wallet , keys , lip lubricant . my wallet is my life and i would never go anywhere without it . what about you guys ? i know how to tie my shoes but i like to just stuff the laces in shoe unless i ; m doing something active or wearing my converse lol i would learn to do it myself and then confront him . he might realize that you can do more than what people portray you can do that sounds like the best thing to do . so he never told you anything about this chick ? i have been thinking about doing it to stay in shape . what i what to know if any of you were really good at boxing ? what happens , happen i can agree with that . i don't care to lie to people and sometimes it hurt my ex infj girlfriend feelings . i was never tried making her mad but it did . maybe thats why i lost her . i regret it so ... man i did want to hear that . and now i feel that i will never get her back . i guess i should just let her live her life . i mean we could probably be friends still but i might not be able to get over ... i dont use my se unless im drunk or comfortable you must have an enneagram of 6 i dont know for sure i just started researching my personality traits . we need to feel careless but its not really a ... have you dated an istp before ? if so how was it ? infjs my ex girlfriend tried to get me into it when we were dating . she was an infj as well . i felt the same way your boyfriend did . now im trying to get her back and i want to know every thing i can about ... '