' thank you ! you helped me to understand it better ! now i know i'm definitely an infp . yes , you are right .. i think cognitive funtions are the key to understanding someone's type .. i'm into it and ne and si sounds more like me , but i'm in trouble with fe and fi because of the reasons i ... are you a singer ? what is your voice type ? there ´ s a similiar thread in the nf's forum , but i ' think it's going to be interesting to know how each mbti type differ in results . click on the link below an then publish your results . :) ... one of my values is always being nice and warm with people .. so i'm not aloof as the infp stereotype . hi ! welcome to the forum ! hope you have fun : tongue : i've found many infps share my same problems :') se lives in a concrete world , is in tune with the colors , the scents , the physical . likes to explore the physical world , likes action , likes trying differents experiences . combined with f and p they ... it seems to me you use se .. i had this bive when i read your image description and the activities that energizes and drains you most . i've tested my iq online and i got between 107 and 112 . there were a few who got an iq below 125 ... where are the rest ? or all infps are geniouses ? perhaps i don't express my feelings in my actions , or words , but look at my face and you will recognize what is happening inside me . there are people more expresssive than me , but i'm very warm when ... infp : free spirited nice to meet you too :) thank you ! she is maria callas , an opera singer . i used to be like you when i was in my teens , but because people critizied me so much i decided to change . i have this ... hi ! thank you for answering my thread .. i don't know if someone can choose being certain type .. i think each person has his / her own cognitive process because each brain activity is different . we can ... hahaha thank you ! ! infp world is wonderfully weird : tongue : i'm an infp 9 too haha do people see you as very warm and kind ? intp : type most likely to be autistic . you struggle when you want to mantain harmony and you want to do something that is very annoying to your roomate . but it likes you sooo much ! you are in the middle of something important ( giving ... just want to know if you are happy with your type ... why you are / are not ? what type would you like to be ? i think if you want to grow up , you have to know yourself very well . in my opinion , people who never change , who don't feel the need to grow up because they think they are fine just the way they are , ... i'm like you in all you said ! don't you feel sometimes you have to prepare yourself to connect with external world ? for example , before a meeting ... haha yo make me laugh ! yes , it's a challenge paying attention to your surroundings .. i'm between the two too ! i think it's totally possible . i've recently discovered i am an infp , and i'm so happy to find people who have so similar experiences ! i realized i'm obsessed with myself .. that sounds quite weird , but sometimes i think it's a ... too late my reponse , but it sounds sooo me ! ! ! hi people ! sorry if i make some mistakes , english is not my mother tongue . well , i'm a little obsessed with mbti because i need to know what type i am . i know i'm an i_f _ but i can't relate totally ... i thinks it's a very accurate description of me , now i'm sure i'm intuitive , thank you ! :) yes , at first i thought that i was infp , but i have a structured appeareance so i think i'm a responsible person who knows how to be laid back . besides i have no conflict in following social rules . ... sorry my bad english , this is not my mother tongue , what i mean is experiencing the exactly same feelings than people around me . i should learn more of cognitive functions , you help me to realize ... so , as can you see above my avatar , i'm a confused isfj who doubts about her type .. i read several times the description and there are traits doesn't fit very well with me , can you help me to find ... i'm isfj ( however , i have doubts about my type ) , and i'd love to be an infj , yes , the type you hate ! they are so mysterious and smart .. yes , she is my best friend .. we understand each other very well and we have a great time togheter : o solveig's song - anna maria nebresko phoebe buffay slowly .. be friendly and sympathetic .. isfj aren't good on talking if we don't know to the other person very much , so try to find topics you and take the rythm of conversation . i don't like cooking , but i consider i'm good at .. why ? ? : rolleyes : what do you think are the most well mannered or classy types ? ? :) e / intp : i like ... they always have something smart to say . when you feel guilty for showing your talents , you think in all the people who want to have your gift and can't . when you feel shame for receiving compliments . esfj : they are so happy and have so many friends , everybody loves them infj : i'd like to be as wise and creative as they are what does it mean to you to be called the perfect type ? so .. we are relaxed isfjs perhaps ... :P you know you are an isfj when you have more thanks given than thanks received our forgetfulness may happen because isfjs tend to worry a lot , and sometimes our mind is focused in that worries instead of in the current moment , it may be some kind of anxiety , i think .. i've been typed as an isfj , but i'm very messy and i like being so . i leave my stuff everywhere and it bothers me when i have to tidy because i have to classify everything and i don't know were to ... hi ! this is a very old post , but i have to say that i'm sensor but i have strong tendencies to n . for example , i'm very forgetful , sometimes on debate i say something totally unrelated , i have a ... i relate to almost everything you said : tongue : hi infjs ! ! i just want to know how people perceive you are , so feel free to write whatever your listened from friends , family or any people .. :) '