' ah , i see . my bad . tried googling the topic and didn't find these . never mind guys ... don't mind the oblivious one here . : bored : but thank you for commenting everyone . :) hey ... so i was curious . i read somewhere that there are a lot of infp heroes in fiction . but ... it got me thinking : we're not all that good all the time . what do you think an infp villain ... hey ... so , i hate to be that one who revives a dead thread , but i thought this was an interesting topic and i might have a fictional example ... something like this probably ... :( ... 1 . god ( not a thing , but i love him ) 2 . my family 3 . thunderstorms 4 . the smell of campfires 5 . an amazing book 6 . writing 7 . making someone i love proud 8 . defending someone ... oooh . do i feel for you ! there is absolutely nothing wrong with you . you ’ re just a worn-out , perfectly normal , introverted human being who just needs some “ me-time . ” now , i don't have a clingy ... ^ yeah ! yeah ! what you said ! : tongue : silence is awesome when you know someone well . you get to know people on a totally new level just by observing them and by being in their presence ... i absolutely love receiving letters ... personal , handwritten letters ( not the stupid buy this now ! ! letters that frequent my mailbox far more than i'd like ) . when someone writes me a letter , it ... knitter , you know , i can relate to everything you said . i went to a third-world country last summer and i was completely heart-broken for the people i was there helping . there were little ... * tries to keep a straight face ... but fails miserably * thank you for sharing , ! i really needed a good bit of randomness today . : tongue : and the lyrics below : brilliant ! : laughing : haha ! funny ... i seem to recall a similar conversation i had with an intj myself ... only the roles were reversed . my tennis-ball-juggling-master of an intj father was being a show-off and trying ... i can relate to all of this ! especially the staring out the car window part ... i still do that . :p roud : if you're wondering whether you're n preferencing or s preferencing ... i find a pretty ... * hides from rotten fruit , too * where is this random rotten fruit coming from ? ? lol ! : tongue : i think it fits in perfectly with the other careers you hoped for ... you'd be ending world hunger one ... wow ... i must have been the strange infp child ... i was definitely not shy as a kid ... at all ! : confused : i was very outgoing and spontaneous ! you could often catch me leading my friends on ... perfectly stated . couldn't have said it better myself . :p roud : ^ antahon : ha ! me neither ! that is something i'd expect from an immature and jealous 12 year old whose upset that her crush likes you . : laughing : ... um , wow . yes ... as much as i hate to admit it ... yes . i vividly remember when the minivan my family had had since i was a baby broke down . we had to give it away and get a new one . i asked my ... well , while i can honestly say that i usually root for the good guys , there is one show where i've caught myself internally hoping that the bad guys get a happy ending , too . ( and that they realize ... do ittt ! ! : tongue : your home will be the envy of every kid in your neighborhood ... and adult for that matter ! : cool : i completely understand ! i was just trying to help if i could . : happy : i don't believe in a mister perfect either , because i know he doesn't exist . we all have our issues and problems and no one ... i want to thank everyone who has shared so far once again ! this is so cool getting to see what each of us want / wanted to be ... how similar and how very different each of our dreams are / were . ... if there's one thing i've learned in this life , it's that it's never too late to start anything ... ever . if it's something you love doing , go for it ! you will never know if it's possible if you ... why not ? doughnuts are magically delicious ! seems like it would be a very yummy occupation ! do ittt ! :p roud : ^ yes ! just pure yes ! i think this is one of my secret dreams from my childhood , as well ( and still a secret dream ) . ever since watching the lord of the rings movies as a child , this was the epitome ... pshh ... yes ! ! it's a ball pit for crying out loud ! and who doesn't love ball pits ? ( don't answer that , health freaks ! : tongue :) plus , it's a ball pit complete with ... yeah yeah ! i'm sure there are several ! ! but like i said , they're running low on radioactive dinosaurs nowadays . you'll have a long journey ahead of you ... and a dangerous one ! not all radioactive ... my goodness ... we are twins ! ! : shocked : i'm planning on teaching in china one day , which is just a hop-skip-and-a-jump away from where you are currently ! i , too , plan to write a few novels before ... hey all ! do you remember when you were a kid ? the sky was the limit and you could be anything you set your mind to one day ! so , what was it that you always dreamed of becoming as a child ? is ... i voted xnfx . i'm way too empathetic to not identify with my feeling side and way too future-focused and imagination-oriented to not be intuitive . i'm constantly in situations where i have ... dachshund puppies ... and just these dogs in general . : kitteh : ... hahahaha ! he sorta looks like me when i'm in deep thought ... ' xept for the bushy eyebrow , mouth , hair , ears , suit , and the fact that he's a dude . : tongue : i generally have a smile on my face when ... lol ! this is a great thread . i wish there was a thread like this when i first discovered mbti ... my parents thought i was sooo weird ! : laughing : anywho ... i've learned to introduce it in a very ... hey again , ! i couldn't help but notice your replies . i appreciate your bravery in posting and asking for advice . since you are trying to get some advice , do you mind if i ... i may be just confused and interpreting this incorrectly , but is this directed towards my post , the thread , or someone else's post ? sorry if this sounds strange ... i'm just a little unsure . please ... alrighty ! my overly-curious mind is dieing to know ... what type friends are infps most likely to be close friends with ? i know any type can be good friends with any type and such ... but what ... hmm ... can't say i'm quite sure how this would work for me . i live with an esfp . he's my best friend ... but i can't see myself dating someone with a similar personality . esfps can definitely ... dad : intj mom : infj me : infp younger brother : esfp my brother is the only extrovert in our family . poor kid ... : blushed : i find it quite funny that two j preferences had two p preference ... that we're all , you know , this guy : oh yes ! and that we care nothing about our personal appearance . who came up with that one anyway ? xd hmm ... this has been on my mind recently as well . i'm glad someone posted a thread like this . thank you , xirony ! i'll list my immediate family and family members who had a big part in my life ... hello all ! resident infp invading the infj forum ! * whistles innocently * : kitteh : i'm not infj , but my mom is . she is the youngest of 5 children , but the next oldest was over 10 years old when she ... oh ... um ... while i can see your point , i'm not sure if this is true in all cases . two of my three best friends are isfjs . we get along great ! i think that our friendships are balanced well ... i love getting appreciation from others ! .. especially if i put a lot of effort into whatever it was or if whatever i did was for you ! appreciation makes me feel like you truly do care and that i ... i'm going to probably sound like a broken record to the casual peruser of this thread , but ... middle earth . :p roud : i love the detail tolkien put into his works and all the different languages ... i can totally relate to this ! i used to live in an area of the usa where my introversion wasn't questioned . there was a good balance of introverts and extroverts there , so no one questioned me or ... bwahahaha ! ! ! thank you for sharing this ! : laughing : loved gollum's lip syncing . and the shouting warriors . perfect ! perfectly perfect ! ! getting my gollum style swag on ! * hits replay * hahahaha ! yes ! you are definitely making a difference in this world ! truly ! ! we need more people like you ! :p roud : hmmm ... uhhh ... err ... let's see . i try to treat other people like i would want to be treated . i enjoy making people who are treated like outcasts feel welcomed and loved . it makes me sad when i ... lol ! ! you , my friend , are awesome ! i literally laughed out loud like a fool at my computer screen when i saw your additions . i'm grinning like an idiot as i type , but i care not . thank you ! ... i agree with you on that . i could never do it alone either and an infj would be the best person to assist someone with a burden like that ( and / or and isfj ) . lol ! gollum style ... someone should ... wouldn't that be a hilarious twist ? somewhere far away on ebay : item : ring of power description : one ring to rule them all , and one ring to find them . one ring to bring them all and in ... ^ hahaha ! true story . : tongue : wouldn't it be awesome to be invisible ? ? and ohhh yes . power repulses most infps ... including this one ! : bored : and as for if i would take it , i think if i knew ... '