' i love gibran , and my favorite is the end of the farewell in the prophet : patient , over-patient , is the captain of my ship . the wind blows , and restless are the sails ; even the rudder begs ... yep - i get working on a problem , and i'm thinking okay , do this , do this , do this , and then this thingy over here , and we're done , and then ... nope ... i ' fixed ' the lock on a storage room door , ... when you legitimately have no questions while in class . the reading material made sense , the corresponding lecture was thorough , and everything was understood . nothing huge , just simple some simple automating and maintenance of macros and other errata . i was previously a q / a engineer , now an admin in a university construction office , and i've also become ... awww yeahhh ... i loves me some frasier ! the golden girls , leverage , community , psych ... they all are good pick-me-ups . props to ballykissangel , too - i haven't seen that in ages , and i have it in my ... messy hands make me spaz out until i can wash them . sticky hands are the absolute worst , followed by gritty , then oily / greasy , then slimy , then bloody , then just wet with no way of drying them . i would start by not telling people on an internet forum how i would go about it . i tend more towards individual sports , but on teams , i was usually a defender . i was able to cover a lot of ground pretty quick , which put me as a wing-back in soccer and center field in baseball ... very much these things . i have a fetish for office supplies ( i'll go to staples or officedepot just to browse for an hour or so ... ) , and have my pens and pencils , and the ones that other people can ... no stem for me at the moment - currently an office admin for a university construction department . it's pretty ' meh ' work , probably about a 6 and slowly dropping . because of my previous work as a ... i always have at least one backup plan , and constantly revise the main plan and the backups as new information presents itself . i'd rather not blindly commit myself to a single course of action , ... my wife passed away from ovarian cancer two weeks ago . this was our wedding song , to which the lyrics unfortunately came true ... long , languid , loquacious sentences , profusely peppered with plenty of parentheticals ( as i do like frequent asides ( and asides to the asides ) ) , ellipses ... and a particularly pronounced proclivity ... what do you call a doctor who is half man , half horse ? centaur for disease control ! rolling of eyes typically ensues , and my work there is done ... personally , no , i will not raise my voice much beyond a casual speaking level . once yelling becomes involved , it stops being a conversation and starts being a pissing contest . at that point , the only ... everyman - i had to read / analyze / read / analyze some more / read some more , and performed in two separate productions of this ( with some unusual staging ) , so this has a special place in my heart .  ... pessimist . which is still an optimist - if you always expect the worst , you are never disappointed . i'm terrified of being on stage , but yet i keep taking theatre classes at my university , and have had a variety of parts in a few productions with a local theatre company ( 5 small roles in one ... about two days . boot camp was awesome . not . it doesn't bother me all that much . in the end , i'm the one growing and learning and having experiences . i just learn not to suggest anything to them - if they don't want to try anything new , then ... age : 39 . gender : male . country of residence : united states . nationality : american . languages : fluent english and pig latin , some latin , spanish , nederlands , old english . belief system : athiest ... undergrad : anthropology ( historic archaeology ) major , theatre ( technical / stagecraft ) minor graduate : library and information science ( archivist / document preservation ) planned occupation : archivist ... my own personal motto is service with a smirk , as it's usually the best i can manage ... i've often been accused of being ' quite nice ' and ' pleasant ' - although i've also been labeled as ' evil ' and ' manipulative ' just as often . however , both sets of accusers also identify me as being ... by loudly exclaiming pancakes ! , you can instantly conjure a plate with three 10 - inch pancakes with butter and syrup , and a fork . after 30 minutes , the plate , fork , and any unconsumed pancakes will ... visible lines extend from your eyes to whatever it is you are looking at . ability to sweat profusely on command . ability to make all of your body hair instantly grow up to six inches ( cannot be ... we just lost our eldest cat - ned - to fip induced liver failure last week , and i am still trying to get used to it . we have his paw print in clay , and his urn on the mantle . i keep expecting to see ... punch clock villain and good is not nice - i am a state employee after all . i also get a lot of : i thought you were a magnificent bastard at first , until we all started talking about you figured ... not to purposefully start a debate , mind you - i just like to be contrary . i already have a reputation as being difficult , but i also come right out and say that right from the start . they usually ... the rooster came first ... as men are wont to do ... he might have even fallen asleep right after . how do you act when you are nervous ? more calm than i probably ought to be . analyze the situation or issue , rationalize potential outcomes , and if possible , have some tea . how do you act when ... patience . yep - ned for ned flanders on ' the simpsons ' ; georgia for the lead character george on ' dead like me ' . they typically avoid each other like the plague , but every so often ( i can count all the times ... 95437 my little ankle-biters and a cat avatar to boot ... i would probably just say i apologize for making you feel that way , explain my rationale as to why i said / did whatever it was that they took offense to , and then move on . i don't say i'm sorry , ... exactly . and it isn't like a concerted effort to reach my thinking quota for the day . i've already re-typed this post eight times at this point because i refine what i want to say or have since ... people . other people . all other people . gender transformationalso called bisexual transition gender changing / shifting / swap / swapping / switching male / female shifting sex changing / shifting / swap / swapping / switching capabilities ... female : merida from brave - willful , obstinate , sharp as a tack , skilled with a bow , bonus for being a redhead . male : jason bourne from the bourne movies . skilled with everything , observant , problem ... a . if you could get away with one murder in your lifetime without any legal , social , or emotional repercussions , would you kill someone ? - yes b . what is your first thought when you receive a ... i find it actually keeps me down at night . drink from russell's teapot and the jellybaga will speak to you in your dreams with whispers of imminent rue-age ... by 100 monkeys just like the inside of fibber mcgee's hall closet ... geek squad by former fat boys egg foo young whipped out the one eyed unicorn ( as he had named it one drunken evening in college ) and stuck it into her dark matter , reacting adversely to the tootsie-pop that was on its way ... archive librarian for a performing arts center or collection . 93842 '