i don't understand it . i've been in a long-term relationship before , cohabited , said the words leading up to this , yet dating again has bought this up a few times and resulted in the termination ... i relate most to the lannisters and arryns , in theory . i've roleplayed being in a banner house in both houses . what can i say ? i like to write . i enjoyed the scenes with tyrion and bronn , ... no , but then we're not in contact with most of them . my mother left hers as soon as she could and my father was effectively disowned by his . father : isfp mother : istj - i can't decide , it's ... the more i think about it , the more i think loving yourself is being open to exploring yourself . your relationship with yourself can be akin to beginning a healthy relationship with others ; you ... i never understood it before either until a few years ago , here's how i see it : having little inclination to follow the crowd and instead doing what i thought made most sense or what i thought was ... i've been thinking some more since i wrote the post above . listing with tritypes is difficult , hence why i refrained , i think instincts make a huge difference . for example with the 3w4 / 4w3 example ... no tritypes , this order is not specific and is mostly anecdotal , which happens to line up with the descriptions . when healthy and older : types i like most : 4 , 7 types i like least : 2 , 1 , 3 ... yeah , sure . only if it's a lottery . hearmeroar 101 i clicked on your profile . you're only 19 . this seems a good period in which to figure out your strengths and weaknesses , it will come naturally anyway . everyone eases into this ; ... hearmeroar 101 well , no , i'd find that funny then . you've stated your reasoning in your post though ; it would take someone who knows that or generally finds self-depreciating humour funny to ... ah i thought you mentioned them because they've factored in previously , are linked , and you see a real chance that you'll be affected by this situation mentally . it depends on what you meant by ... the situation with his family seems accommodating , there's no problem being with someone who is of another religion or religion at all if you're not very religious and don't see yourselves being so ; ... constantly ? ehh ... how does that happen ? that would be bothersome . if you pointed things like that out every now and then , i'd find that hilarious - that example above wasn't loaded though . i ... i like quiet confidence , detecting that this person knows / is comfortable with who they are while also being open to new perspectives and pro-growth . these types of people can be mistaken as shy or of ... all of them , but they could be adapted to any personality type : s i suppose it's the interpretation and prioritisation that would make this more specific . for me , the order is : 1 ... green girl you answered your own questions . : tongue : she maybe experiencing internal dissonance between her desire to connect or at least experiment with connecting , perceived lack of need to ... oh yeah ... forget unsolicited advice , i get annoyed by questions as to what i am doing and why , i class a lot of everyday questions as obnoxious and interfering . it's made worse when you're talking ... most of this addresses asking for help but does touch upon unsolicited advice : i take little offensively , it's definitely difficult to get to me , which renders most of the discussion moot . it's ... more open ? yes . extroverted ? nope . in general , i was always quite assertive and this could confuse people into thinking i was extroverted at some periods in my life until they observed me ... xsfp how many hours of sleep do you get ? - on average . - yes , shut eye may count ; the research is still relatively new though so elaborate in your reply . on sundays , i'm more confused than ever . how confused is that ? : confused : i read that all damn wrong lmao . kitaraah ... 1/10 .  the whole concept makes me groan in annoyance . why is it sacred exactly , because you share dna and that comes with some sort of obligation for forced interaction and harmony ? well , all of that is ... the success of this interaction does seem to lie in how well formed their own identity is prior to engagement ; or how i perceive this . your example was precisely what i was getting ... i'm guessing you can relate to some of these too : have the brightness of your phone , computer , etc . way down ( or use apps to control these , like i do ) , play music generally quietly , have pervasive ... mzku mjn_the_enfp lilysocks to put this into perspective , i know i've had a good effect on some people's lives because they've told me so . it's the ones i hold close but are of a ' softer ' or less ... this thread : yeah , the thread would suggest so but i think it would depend on whether the infp ... lol , i was joking off the back of another thread . of course it's possible . i always make it a point to take the test first therefore i didn't have any preference and it's one less way of causing the results to be biased . any implications from the questions served as ... neutral . amused , mostly . competition usually implies there actually being ... competition on strengths . in that case , i'd summarise by saying someone who is on your level . i can't imagine an infp with an infp . wouldn't you just run away from each other , who makes the first move ? it sounds good in theory , i'm sure , but in reality ? i couldn't date another intj , unless ... intjs , ever worry about the effect your mind is having on another person ? someone you care deeply about obviously , not strangers , and while you're healthy ( or think you are ) and not in involved in ... i am an agnostic theist . essentially , i think there is potential for the existence of a supreme being however i don't think this is empirically confirmable ; and it is a stance i no longer care to ... sounds like a words of affirmation love language or at least it must rate highly for him . think of your tone , when it is especially bad , as being akin to him avoiding quality time with you for days ... it's absurd when it is suggested only intuitives are interested in psychology , typology , etc . extremely ridiculous . a bit like those questions in some mbti tests that try to narrow down all video ... enter the confessional booth . tell me all your depraved sins . ... wytch xntp messing . : laughing : the world isn't more divided than ever , they were playing polite all this time . / sarcasm - unless your idea of polite is extremely skewed . having too many children is annoying , fuck the arguments ... xnfps : ne-fi / fi-ne xntjs : ni-te / te-ni the extroverted function for the xnfps is a perceiving one , the extroverted function for the ntjs is a judging one ; the latter is processing and ... exactly . just looking at your posts is tiring and i like enfps lol . here are the main challenges i've noticed when communicating with enfps : 1 . bouncing from one topic to another ; often this is due to being overwhelmed by too much data on one subject , preferring ... hahaha you googled her : laughing : it's very confusing , particularly for people who are hfa or diagnosing women . it's difficult to say but i would think several conversations and more time spent ... doesn't the novelty / mystery / whatever wear off with a whole subforum full of intjs ? lol the number of times i've been called a weirdo for stereotypical n quirks ... and then admired in the same breath from my te influence lol . frustration , indeed . i think that's the key word , ... this . ... so i won't start lol except for the one that came to mind when i looked at the thread title since i was just doing it . i have a habit of writing out letters / numbers in my mind with an ... i have this problem all the time . it's given me a complex with one of my friends , where i devolve into repeating myself pedantically at times and observe this happening from inside my mind like a ... that last part , it's that . i didn't communicate for a few months mainly because of this , it's there niggling away at me half way through what had started out as a good conversation . it's frustrating , ...