' i have a penis . no , and none of you have even tried it so stfu , posers . though freebase / crack is pretty shit too . why the name change ? a wondrous song to mark this most honourable occasions ; weid , heroin , shannon , liars , people trying to take the piss , people who think i'm a mug and how fucking wastd i'm gonna get tonight , so much so that i might not wake uo tomorrow with any luck ) and ... absolutely fuck all . the end is near i reckon , unless something amazing and unexpected happens , you so confuse me :( no probs , shannon . a pleasure . in the past week i also sent shannonline some flowers as a way of saying sorry , dunno if they was appreciated or not or taken the wrong way again , as in ... grrreat . i had a lovely high dose of poppy tea :) youtube - the beach boys - i just wasn't made for these times i was abused as a child and then went on into my later life by abusing by body with good old drugs . whoopy dee daz ! youtube - the rolling stones - we love you youtube - all you need is love i don't even need it now , i want it . though i used to need it , every morning , but now i have the upper hand , it's my choice . it's not as easy as that , it's not merely a choice . well , sure , maybe it's a choice between pain and suffering or relative normality , contentment , oh and a wee bit of euphoria from time to time . youtube - the smiths : reel around the fountain i hope so . ... speechless ... i thought this time was right for me now , but obviously not , still a few things to learn . but wow , thank you . how can you see this ? i have always wanted to help fellow junkies . and a few people have says i should do something in this field . but i've not been staying off recently , not all the time though to get an addiction , just at the weekends mostly and when things get too much for me , like now . i really can't see myself ever ... i do that . there's been quite a few things that have caused me pain so i'm not sure specifically what is at the root of it all . i've gave up drugs , many times , i gave them up back in february , but i'm ... i always give out love , but i always just get it flung back in my face . they either try take advantage , get the wrong idea or freak out an stuff . i'm afraid i'll always just turn to drugs for love , so much easier that way . though i'd love to fall in love an all that , but it's just never gonna happen . wow , you sound like ye know me . for me , love just always leads to hurt . think i'll need to quit love , it's dangerous shit . here , a song for you , cake : youtube - syd barrett - dark globe i've oft thought the very same things , sigh . all i want in life's a little bit of love to take the pain away never gonna happen . eating a banana , yum . youtube - stay with me youtube - spiritualized-ladies and gentlemen we are floating in space i was invited here . i love cake . cake for hug ? you almost die dreaming . quitter . :P yes , i may i have a hug ? hugs are fantastic . so good , in fact , that their should be a national hugs holiday , where random hugs are encouraged throughout the day . and to not hug is against the law , ... i met up with an old friend from my teens , a very good friend . was great to see him . bumped into him yesterday , not seen in him 4-5 years . he seems to be doing quite well in his life , has the the ... it ruins my life when i don't have any . time to go ! so hopefully it's not a set up and i do return , but if i'm not back in like 3-4 hours then i'm either dead , in hospital or badly beaten and licking my wounds . we shall see ! well assuming that i am allowed to address and respond to user shannonline , no , i haven't been yet . i must thank you for your concern though :) though it could also be a set up , where there's a whole gang of them there ready to slice n dice me . so i'f i'm not back by , say , 6pm i've probably beenn sliced n diced , i hope not / 1 i suppose it ... building a joint before heading out . yeah , but am i allowed to reply to you yet or willi get banned ? i've been diagnosed with anxiety , clinical depression and agoraphobia and ptsd . most of it's all in the head and good diet and exercise plays a very important role in warding off depressive woes . no ... well the first good thing i did today was actually leave the house and go for a 2-3 mille walk , i had a a mission ye see , and a phat mission was duly collected . :) anyway , on the way to this ... thanks for having me for this brief period , but i'm obviously just not right for here , reasons i won't go into . was lovely meeting some of you , but i doubt i'll be missed . thanks again for having ...  pink floyd - hey you '