' i've known a couple of infj guys and they seem to be ... for lack of a better term , easy . they are very fast to fall in love or to start crushing on people . their feelings hit them hard and from ... self preservers are usually afraid to risk themselves , but a dauntless sp 4 is seemingly unafraid of danger . this doesn't mean they actively seek it . think mufasa from the lion king . being brave ... thank you both for your advice . i was only wondering if it would be a good idea because i generally apply for administrative or retail / customer service positions and from a psychological ... i'm currently updating my resume and part of me really wants to make my resume stand out by adding a small pie chart or graph about my disc test results to the bottom of my resume ... next to skills ... i'm not an enfj but i do have an understanding . with dominant extraverted feeling , he finds it extremely easy to connect to other people . i'm an infj who is currently in a relationship with an ... i'd rather be an extp or istp right now . liberal / progressive people seem to be less tolerant of different views and opinions . i would suggest taking a step back and taking in to consideration that people are different , they have ... dear old friend it's been several years since we stopped talking for good . i miss the dreams about the crazy adventures we would have . i miss the conversations about our morals , philosophies and ... that feeling when you wake up in the morning but instead of being grateful for having friends and family who love you and put up with your shenanigans , you feel empty and misunderstood by everyone . ... i mean that everyone is trying to be way too politically correct . large social groups are being very irrational and thinking too much with their feelings / getting too offended . i think that a good ... wow ... these are some legit questions . i hope you don't mind if i answer despite being ni-fe . i think i have really strong fe and honestly , it was the first function that really clicked with me / it ... you didn't . there's just not a lot of them around . i think there are fewer sj's . i'll answer in a bit here . 1 . what's you're mbti type ? infj 2 . do you think people gravitate towards opposite or same types in friendships ? i think people gravitate towards their temperaments . nf's will usually be more ... how did you narrow it down / what source do you rely mostly on ? how i narrowed it down for myself : step 1 : i figured out my perceiving and judging functions , extraverted functions were easier for ... something i like about this update ! pre-update : whenever i tried posting videos on the site , it would just post the link and i would have to spend a bit of time fixing it so the video would be ... ahh i see . well i figured out my infjness through years of research and introspection . my favorite method is as follows . step 1 : figure out your perceiving and judging functions . if you have ... cringy . just like everyone elses emo phase . kirjuri thank you very much for your advice . i've been thinking about isolating myself from the group for a bit and only talking to them individually if i need to . it's turning out to be ... i get that you probably think you're being funny and edgy but you're actually being fairly rude towards the people that run this site that you can enjoy . please stop talking . i saw this thread and wanted to say too talkative . then i realized it was an estp thread ... but i decided to say it anyway . too talkative . sigh ... am i being unhealthy ? lately i feel a little depressed and i feel like some of my friends are getting on my nerves . i'm usually a very happy , love obsessed , talkative , patient and empathic ... this thread grosses me out a little . i was going to say ask them what their type is . some of this stuff is kinda stereotypical and i don't necessarily think you can look at someone and ... yes . my thoughts . dear mods / admin who pinned this thread yesss ! yours very thankfully infj confirmed ! : tongue : 1 . why do some people think this ? sensors arent simple , i actually think they're more complex and trickier to understand . from what i can tell , it seems to just be a misunderstanding of cognitive ... i apologize if it seems i came in here attacking everyone because of their type . it was not my intention . i've known / encountered several intj , probably all unhealthy , who have given me a hard time ... i don't know . xstj are pretty attractive but i don't think i know any men of those types . note : i wouldn't care if i did , i'm happy in my current relationship : 3 my advice to you is to reflect ... what's the difference between an intj villain and an infj villain anyway ? i think i have a pretty good idea of why an infj would become a villain but what's the difference between the two when you ... in that same context , your irritation about my generalisations are your own problem . if an intj does not care if others take offense to their words , other types should not be obliged to care if their ... you're critical of other people and you know it's pushing the people you love away but for some reason it's tougher than it seems . quierta humanbeing he's a superhero ! coldnobility i know / have spoken to / have seen some of these people around and think they're cool and wouldn't mind having tea and coffee with them ... hi ... good day / evening enfj's ! i just wanna say hey and how are you today ? :D i agree , i have trouble understanding and communicating with most intj and i don't think there's a lot of understanding on the intj's side either . it's just weird to me because growing up with an ... i apologize , the people who usually make assumptions about me are set to intj here on perc and i'm not saying everyone who assumes my type are intj but it seems to be a more common trend with intj ... why do intj feel the need to assume stuff about my life or try to tell me that i've mistyped myself based on some of my posts ? why do you think you can type someone on like 2-3 lines of text in ... i can count my friends on 2 ... maybe 3 hands . you don't need to be an extrovert to have friends , i'm just lucky enough to know some pretty amazing people . sorry to disappoint you , i'm not an enfp ... unless i only had two hands full of friends and no more . are you telling me i'm an enfp or are you assuming my friends are mostly enfp ? xd i'm from australia and a handful of my friends are canadian . what do you think ? xd gender : male ( incorrect ) age : 17-27 ( correct ) intelligence : superior ( correct ;D ) openness : conservative ( correct ) mbti personality profile : isfj ( close enough ) closest alternative we found : ... well ... you're an infj . it's in your blood to adapt to other peoples way / behavior . i'm not saying you should rush in to it . i'm saying try to not think about it and let things move at their ...  calm down , i wasn't taking a shot at you . i'm just amused by this thread . i don't think it'll be dead until the sheer amount of triggered ! in this thread dies down . which is to say , probably never ... unfortunately . the people of perc just came to the site to have a ... don't get me wrong , i do appreciate it :D i just wanted to know why lol i originally wanted to ask who was the most badass between esfp and estp but i figured this would leave out the isxp's and i realized that i wanna know about all the sp badassery . so what are some ... why are you so weird , intp's ? '