' making some kind of sense out of si ... ( video from carolyn zaikowski ) gaaah : hearts : ( ^ goddammit dave matthews ) astrology , like mbti , is an endless deep dive . being that everyone possesses all 12 astrological archetypes in different configurations and movements , it becomes more than a little silly to attempt ... falling asleep to this for a few nights now hey intj's ! there's an mbti-related discord server i'm a part of , and it would be nice to have more of you around - let me know and i'll send an invite link your way ! enfj's ! there's an mbti-related discord server i'm a part of and we'd love to have you around ! let me know , and i'll send the invite link your way : kitteh : hey isfp's ! there's an mbti-related discord server i'm a part of , and if you'd like to join the discussion let me know ! i'll send an invite link your way . we're somewhat lacking in se-input atm , ... hey wonderful enfp's ! there's an mbti-related discord server i'm a part of and if any of you would be interested in joining the discussion let me know ! i'll send you an invite link : kitteh : it'll ... if se fills up a room with one's physicality , and ne with mental energy ... ni isn't even in the room ? it's in the adjacent room , pushing up against the walls . ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ so , just wanted to gauge interest for an mbti discord server i'm a part of . there's some really interesting people on there , and it's been neat to experience the types more ' in movement . ' let me ... going off archetypes , i feel that saggitarius , gemini , and pisces most exemplify the enfp type . that is - highly adventurous and outwardly optimistic , extremely communicative and orientated towards ... writing prompts found in the most unlikely places ... you say you wish for eyes to see the beauty in herald hue : light bends and bruises the sky entombed but there are waves on waves rolling , ... aww , thanks for sharing this ! incites some hope and warmth in my iced-over little idealist heart , haha . really though - the sweetest thing . i freaked out a little about the release of this song ... of the two emails that i use semi-regularly , one has 596 in the inbox and the other has ... 6,601 ... i mean , that number kind of gives me anxiety which is probably why i don't look at it much , heh ... when sleeping alone , i sleep on my back ; generally still and unmoving once i've fallen asleep . corpse-like ;P i feel there were indicators early on that there was more behind it , but neither of us are willing to step too close to that . i've been reading on the enfp-infj dynamic this morning , and i have to ... i had an enfp reconnect with me 5 months after i had just let the conversation die out due to external circumstances . i was pleasantly surprised and impressed , and since he resurfaced he's been on ... how long can a person stay on your mind ? does someone leave your awareness easily , even if you've had an interest ? taking into account there's been no ties broken just ... very open-ended .  i feel like this thread should be stickied . wickerdeer ? that 378 tritype tho losing my mind , going insane , or being stricken with some degenerative brain disease . essentially losing my ability to cognitively function . yes . above all this . seconded mistakenforstranger a lot of the national  mariah . i was named after a great-grandmother and the spelling of it is actually without the ' h ' leading many to pronounce it ma-ree-ah ( as it's written ) . essentially my name is spelled wrong ( or ... i dreamed of a confrontation with an alligator . hello se-grip . high in openness - 85 % low in conscientiousness - 53 % low in extraversion - 35 % low in agreeableness - 55 % high in neuroticism - 68 % i definitely would have scored higher in agreeableness in ... somewhere i really hate my father . what a strange thing to admit to myself . inforjoking aw , thank you . i really appreciate that . i feel like it could potentially be really freeing . if only i didn't constantly have to be looking out for how my own truth and words could ... i'd like to show you to yourself and all the ways i can't stand you - and without feeling guilty for it . if you weren't so old maybe i wouldn't feel it's so cruel to tell you how much of a fuck up ... “ our good is hidden , and so profoundly that it is hidden under its opposite . thus our life is under death , love of ourselves under hate of ourselves , glory under ignominy , salvation under perdition , ... se-inf types , being not attuned to the sensory world like an se-dom would be , can tend towards being overtly sensitive / overwhelmed by certain sensory inputs . most pronounced for me are lights and ... coming to the realization that my eternal idealism could do with some further integration of reality . this very topic has been on my mind a lot the last week as spurred by a recent dream . essentially a whole lot of self-abandonment . perpetuation of childhood wounds : - i ...  mbti : infj hogwarts house : slytherin wand : hornbeam wood with a unicorn hair core 10 ¾ and rigid flexibility patronus : black mamba ilvermorny house : thunderbird so , what i stated on socioeconomic dynamics was the entire point you were trying to make through ineffective use of satire ? might want to work on your delivery . ( also , not buying it ) . i wish you ... ... is certainly indicative of your thoughts on the matter . studies have shown that crime rate increases or decreases primarily on account of variance of social class within a given area . race is ... uhhh . first of all , you quoted the wrong person . secondly , your baseless insults have no place here . your thoughts on race discrimination clearly have barely scratched the surface of the issue . ... my brother's esfj wife made a facebook group for ... easter dinner . i feel exhausted even thinking about it . her dad is the most insufferable estp / human i've ever been in the presence of and i ... so much rilke - you darkness , that i come from , i love you more than all the fires that fence in the world , for the fire makes a circle of light for everyone , and then no one outside learns ... '