' yeah , exactly ! either that or reading books ... :D i don't know if some of you can relate to that , but i think intps are also typical tinkerers . people who like to try out things and combine them in an unusual way , not necessarily to create something ... wow , i'm doing exactly the same thing ! xd my father is often lauging about this since i have different notes for everything , like bring the trash out , switch off the heating ... ect . i store them ... well , i'm starting to think that my idea wasn't so smart after all . :D okay , as i said , one of my function test result was fi first and ti right behind it . i read about both to see which one is the ... i expected this kind of questions . to be honest , my knowledge about functions is somewhat limited , but i was aware that there must be an extraverted , an introverted function , one for decision making ... yeah , i also think so . and i had a similar approach . i just took the cognitive functions because they made sense to me as a basic system and then i just combined the possible top two functions ... ah okay , now i've got it . but as i said , the main problem is that people may not fully identify with a type which has a partly different order of functions . it would be more accurate and more ... that's very easy . i just took the primary and secondary function the mbti type is using . yes of course , it's lacking the tertiary and inferior function , but these are not defined in this model . i know that there are certain rules within the mbti system . my problem is that you may can't choose your actual order you got from the test . fi and ti wouldn't go together in any type for example . i ... i am ( probably ) nf and i'm used to forget where i laid things down , especially when i'm doing some kind of project which totally absorbs my attention . i certainly have some special places where i put ... hello ! i don't know if anyone had the idea of this possibility before , but i made a little chart to show it . perhaps the funcions can't be combined this way ... i just thought it would may lead to ... okay , then i would say that this function is rather natural to me . but this is not so easy to determine . for instance , these two things are somewhat familiar to me . ( source : extraverted thinking ) does it also mean that you are sweet inside and have a slightly vanilla-tasting flavor ? ;) well , grey could be right with her guess , and i also don't know much about the functions , but there could ... i guess of this both , ti would be familiar to me than ni . i realized that intp has ti as main function , infp in contrast , fi . that's clear . these are the most familiar and simultaneously , the most ... well , then probably se . fe also a bit , but i guess se is the least natural to me . yeah , you're right . there are also more important things to do . ;) sorry for the double post , but after i checked the functions again , it looks like this : fi > ti > ne > te > ni > fe > si > se as you could see , fi is quite strong , which would make me a infp . but ... of course you're not offending me in any way . i know i only have a poor knowledge about these functions so it's very good that you corrected me . i partly interpreted the descriptions as i thought ... okay , thank you very much for your effort . i'll try to describe you how i think i use the functions : ( i'll use the descriptions of cognitiveprocesses.com as information resource . ) se : i think i ... well , i would be grateful for any useful information you could give me . maybe you have found more stuff than i did . ( sorry , i didn't really understand what you meant in the first part ^ ^ ) i read a bit about functions and what they are , but i always found it harder to understand what they stated compared to the questions of ' normal ' test like that one of humanmetrics.com or others . do ... well , i had a try and the result was very surprising to me : cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) ... yeah , that's how it is , thank you . of course , it would be easier to just ask someone who you are ... you'll have a fast answer , but the true one will may be different . it's the hard part to gain ... yes , absolutely . i think the mood does influence your answers very much . i'm also a person which looks at questions like this from many different angles ... honestly , sometimes i can't decide which ... hello forum people , at first , sorry for posting another thread about me , but sometimes i'm about to loose the faith in this 16 - type-system ... it's like a repetitive process : i type myself , read ... hello folks , anyone interested in a 3 - day pass for killing floor ? i've got one left and it expires tomorrow . so , the first one who is interested will get it . hurry up . ( a steam account is required ... yeah , good description . i think you made a good point about the istj's way of creativity . abdc - male - istj i was also obsessed with playing legos as a child . ( btw : what type of lego player are you ? i'm a builder and sometimes experimenter ) ;) today i like to draw from time to time and make metal ... english and art were my best ones . hey , i know what you mean . i know some people at my school and they also know me . sometimes i talk with them ( they even answer occasionally ;) ) but i'm always happy when the day is over . there just a ... join one of the sjs , the largest club of the world . ;) ( it's the better choice ) hello and welcome to the forum ! you really are ? okay , then look at this : welcome ! i did it the same way actually ... ;) i hesitated to join the forum because of all those weird people here . :D hello and welcome spongebo ... ahh ... ishiko ! ;) have fun in the forum ! @ functianalyst yeah , you're right . we can only guess if the people did conform to society because they wanted to or because they just had to do so in former times . i meant that there could be a ... haha , nice . :) well , there are also stupid sj's for sure , but i also miss the common sense of the people in my ambit from time to time . i think some of my courses at school are almost overcrowded by ... you both gave good answers . after i wrote the post i realized that i may have simplified the facts too much , so it's no problem if you want to correct me , harley . ;) you're right , the typical family ... have you ever thought of how the ratio between the personality types differ during the years ? in my opinion , there could be a gradual decrease of sj's . i have an example for my claim regarding ... yes , exactly ! many people said i would never find friends if i always refuse to go to parties ... but i think there won't be people who don't like parties as well . most people in my courses at school ... well , there are only very few people i really like as friends . it's almost impossible for me to just go to a party and have fun , i already tried it , but i always feel totally alien there . i just ... after realizing that i'm rather an istj than intj , i also took the enneagramm test . it said i would be a one and i think the description is right about the most of the facts . there are so few things ... exactly , thank you ! hello , welcome to the forum ! my dad is also an istj . ;) i'm a bit confused now , didn't perseus mean me when he spoke of excellent istj style ? i thought he refers to the fact that i questioned my own type in another post ... anyway , i didn't mean my ... any other type suggestion for this person ? or do you all agree with those which were given ? i would choose this a as intj theme song . you'll all know it , but i think it fits pretty well . i wasn't sure if he is either istp or intp ... this shows i wasn't that wrong at guessing his type . hehe , yeah i know . i'll just go as intj with a partly good developed s function . ;-) of course , thank you for your guess ! okay , i hope you aren't sick of those friend typing threads ... if so , you can close the window now . ;) this my best friend for many years . unfortunately , he is unwilling to take a test and i ... okay , after i checked the functions and the humanmetrics.com test again ( probably one of the best ) i think i am an intj after all . i have some istj traits for sure , but in everyday life , my ni is ... '