' post above explains ti perfectly .. te is objective logic that centers around external factors / sources and seeks application in the real world . te users * dom an aux * usually learn just enough to be ... i get annoyed when somebody offers me something for free * food for example * and when i decline they keep assisting that i accept . i don't want it lol if i did then i would accept . there have been ... 30/36 swag ... if your an intp you have inferior fe and when your stressed these are things that tend to happen ... fe-dominant types x95 comfortable inattention to logic x95 sensitivity to others ' welfare x95 ... knowing whether you identify with inferior fe or inferior se maybe the best way to figure out if your an intj or intp . when you are stressed do you find yourself feeling strong emotions lashing out ... psycho-pass the series takes place in the near future , when it is possible to instantaneously measure and quantify a person's state of mind and personality . this information is recorded and ... when i was younger yes but now in days extremely rare if ever ... 82519 ti is right brain as a right-brain function , ti is not conceptual and linear . it's body based and wholistic . it operates by way of visual , tactile , or spatial cues , inclining us to reason ... esfp's ... a good usage of ti with a hint of te . ti is always looking for the exact words to convey specifically what your trying to say in a clear precise manner . the te is so everybody else can objectively ... i don't know if this dude at my job is an esfj or an esfp but everyday as a greeting he touches me on my shoulder and asks me if i'm ok ... :d ry : a simple hi would suffice if you want to be social . i ... yes intj's can use ne but tend not to value it too much like entp's can use ni but they value ne . in socionics intj's are actually intp's being that ni , your first function , is a perception ... picking out logical inconsistencies ex - my mom said she was done with her resume . then she proceeded to say i just got a bit more to finish tomorrow . ti goes off and is like that makes no sense at ... - i don't learn for the sake of learning i learn because i'm am or eventually going to actually apply that knowledge in some way shape or form in the external environment . - i enjoy objective facts ... how difficult would you say it is to get to know you ? as of now i would say moderately to extremely difficult if you don't engage me . i don't talk for the sake of talking . i do open up to people ... all the time actually . as soon as they start to retaliate with anger i know i'm getting somewhere :p roud : - the total disregard for talking for the sake of talking - minimalistic lifestyle - not being emotionally biased - being overly logical / objective - being hard to read i drink and get at least buzzed if not half way shit faced before i go to a party it does wonders for my social anxiety ;) . at least in my case i've been better able to control my anxiety through ... my fe is quite well developed so i have no problem at all understanding the overall emotional dynamics of an environment or understanding how another person may feel objectively speaking . now if you ... not sure if this is ni but often i'm able to find the hidden motives behind peoples actions or words . as an example my dad sent me a text message to give my step mom 20 dollars . i didn't think too ... just seeing what other people think based off of the questions ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , ... as long as they are competent , can prove that their methods are efficient , and don't constantly micromanage me * correlating stronger to estj's * i tend to be okay with them . internal logical consistency correlates strongly to you being an intp . from what it seems even with inferior fe intp's can still care what others may think of them and how they come across to other ... you ever thought about infj = ni , fe , ti , se my mom is an enfj . she is very keen at reading people and their emotional states extremely accurately with in a matter seconds . she can be very biased though and not at all the best person to get ... i have no desire to communicate with other humans unless necessary and quite comfortable being isolated . entp's are extroverts even if some are quiet they still need to interact with humans to ... subjectively i have found mbti combined with the cognitive functions quite a useful tool in the process of understanding and communicating with other individuals when used as a general outline . of ... other than in movies no ... however to those who believe i could assume they are quite real entj ni subtype i compose music ... i'm pretty decisive when i care i just happen not to most of the time ... like this but to an lesser extent not quite as intense i must say ... me , myself , and irene for the most part and perhaps ebooks and the internet . maybe one close friend of mine could be classified as a support pillar of some sort but i could probably go indefinite ... 76479 7648076481 your global 5 / sloan type is rcuei your primary type is calm r ( 66 % ) c (8 8 % ) u ( 54 % ) e ( 70 % ) i ( 72 % ) i have a full japanese sleeve on my left arm yet to be finished . may get it finished one day just need the motivation to drive 9hours considering i moved to a different state before it was completed ... in general now unless i'm expecting someone i don't often open up the door . i use to be somewhat afraid of telling solicitors not interested from the gate . i would often lead them on , let them go ... idealistic screams infp the infp'ness vibe in # 5 is strong esfj or esfp defiantly an extroverted sensor though ... no ... i don't think this person is an intp the person disagreed with part of being a genius is being creative . i want to learn everything there is to learn . scored a 2 people are ... 30/36 my one brother is an estp and i have a female cousin that is probably an esfp . my brother only calls me when he wants money and will try every trick in the book to get it . my cousin tends to laugh at ... yes , however the brutally honest aspect of my personality is only shown to people i am really really comfortable with more times then not i'm more so just extremely tactful with others . giving absolutely zero fuk's at the drop of a dime and composing music 25 6ft1 well as i started to understand the cognitive functions i realized that i am ti dominate . i do have a lot of intj traits but i care not to control my external environment . i'm pretty opened minded to ... yeah pretty much a combination of ti , ne , si , and a small hint of fe lol . when i really focus i can image and create an exact mental image of what i want to create / write before hand and have everything ... '