' i take st . john's wort , l-tyrosine , and a b complex . they work pretty well . i've been on the st . john's wort for over a year now , and it's helped tremendously , but i ordered some maca to switch it up ... yolo is moron for carpe diem . ozzy osbourne ( singer ) 85426 jim rogers ( famous investor ) 85427 eva green ( actress and most beautiful woman ever ) driving fast on a highway or on the interstate with music blaring . uncontrollable laughter . spiders hate lavender . put a few drops of lavender oil in your vacuum cleaner so the circulating air picks it up . weekly application does a pretty good job at keeping the spider population in your ... there is one situation that i can think of where illegally downloading music is 100 % fine , in my opinion . situations where the music was leaked and made it out into cyberspace , and the record company ... i'm not sure that's the best analogy to use . borrowing or lending a pencil to write with is the equivalent of borrowing or lending a cd to listen to , not downloading a copy for free . borrowing ... it depends on the result . in my case specifically , when i downloaded music in the past and really liked it , i'd be like holy shit , these guys are awesome ! and i'd buy all their cd's , buy their ... i captured this very special moment for you . 80571 anyway , yeah i have an ignore list in real life . some people who make it onto my list include : - partisan hacks ( except the occasions where ... this topic serves as a very good litmus test to see whether someone has class or not . people who look down on others simply because they work a low wage job have no class . having class depends 100 % ... i'd say so because i often talk about things that are way over people's heads . take trading for example . at first i just wanted to make money . that lead me down a path of figuring out how / why the ... i like what i do and it doesn't feel like work , so ... zero ? i had a job in the past though where i was on shift 72 to 96 hours a week , but that was when i was in the military . aloha ! in the work environment , i never cared . i always went along to get along , unless i bore witness to some sort of injustice , then i'd speak up . in my personal life , hell no . i equate control ... my dad really is a gynecologist , and he does look at vaginas all day long . lol it's not that simple really . i did four years and i can say from experience that kids who go into the ... gnarly . it's wtf kind of humor , if that makes sense . definitely unique . it's also a bit of a drama i'm finding out , but it's still pretty funny . i haven't , but will put them on the list . i just started watching orange is the new black tonight and it's pretty funny . it seems to get better with each episode . it's a little bizarre and quirky , but i like stuff like that . definitely worth ... suetonius - the twelve caesars . gaius suetonius tranquillus was pretty much the national enquirer of the classical world . he was a historian , but he tended to focus more on scandalous behavior and ... drain sth they only put out two records , then they fell off the face of the earth . i thought they were pretty good . i saw them open for machine head and corrosion of conformity back in the 90 ' s ... both . i like black , gray , or calico cats , and golden retrievers and labs ( any color ) the best , but i do like huskies and german shepherds too . not a fan of little dogs or prissy looking dogs , but i ... netflix rocks ! now they just need to get some hbo content like game of thrones , then between that and southparkstudios.com , i'll never need cable again . house of cards was good . wilfred was ... it is my potentially unpopular opinion that the only reason language evolves is because dumb people misuse words . then they have to go and change the definitions so all the dumb people are now ... i can relate . my birthday will come and everyone will ask me what i want to do . i'll say nothing , just hang out at home . then they'll insist that we all go out to dinner or something so i'll cave ... i'd be in favor of restructuring . i am a pretty merciful guy , but i also believe in personal responsibility ( it has to come in somewhere ... ) . and honestly , i'd be in favor of totally overhauling the ... i think it's a big problem since the economy is in the toilet . most of the jobs being created are low paying service sector jobs , and many graduates are having a really hard time finding work in ... you're only as smart as the results of your decisions . - me the opposite of courage isn't cowardice , it's conformity . - earl nightingale that's a pet peeve of mine too . i hate it when someone keeps bringing up the same thing over and over , for months and years in a row . i'm like , haven't we had this exact same conversation 50 times ... yes ! especially when i haven't even provided them with enough information to make any sort of intelligent guess as to the point i'm trying to make , or the concept i'm trying to illustrate . i get ... yes , that pisses me off a lot , especially when they interrupt to say something completely trite , like if i'm talking about politics or economics and they interrupt to say something about their dog ... fellow intj here , saying hello ! agnostic . i'm neutral on the subject . i don't partake in the debates either since 1 . ) i don't care , and 2 . ) because gee , i've only heard it all for the millionth time now , getting kind of boring . lol ... i used to be a little like what the op is talking about when i was a lot younger , but i think it passes as we mature ( not age , mature ) . nowadays i have to have my space , and i can only be happy in a ... i think transhumanism is an interesting subject , and i think it could actually better the world , potentially . i personally don't want to exist forever , but if some day they could download the ... i don't think people should be able to have military grade heavy artillery or anything , but i have no problem with people owning hand guns , rifles , and shot guns . if the local bloods and crips are ... when i was in the military i lived in the dorms for a couple years . whenever people would be way too loud at night when i was trying to sleep , i'd always have my revenge . i lived on the first floor ... george carlin dennis leary lewis black lisa lampanelli kevin hart drew carey kyle cease dave chappelle dave attell louis c . k . i had a dream last night that john kerry came out of the closet . lol i have really weird dreams all the time . ones where my teeth fall out , ones where there's giant spiders everywhere but for some ... want and actual : i'd deposit it in my trading account and grow it . i actually have a personal policy that , since capital gains taxes are less than earned wages / salaries , i make up the rest by ... for some reason i have been thinking about home owners associations lately , and how they offend me . why ? because they violate natural law . who the fuck are you to dictate what i can and cannot do ... here's an album cover i threw together once ... 75179 i haven't done any drugs in over 10 years , but i remember being on e and thinking def leppard was just goddamn amazing . lol intj 1w2 heavy . fucking . metal . i also just like rock in general , old and new . i dig some trippy and tance-like stuff too , i don't know all the sub-genre labels though . some political rap type ...  i can relate . and i'll add to the list of things that piss me off : not getting enough sleep , especially when someone is being obnoxiously loud and i lose sleep because of them . i'll admit , i'm a ... you know what really pisses me off like nothing else ? when things like the nsa spying come to light and people from different ideological backgrounds still can't work together to try and fix shit ... i'm pro-choice , but to a point . where that point is , i don't exactly know . if i knew then policy makers would be asking me for the answers . i guess the arbitrary line in the sand i would draw is the ... '