' i don't feel bad at all about that and i don't see this as an issue . those who are deemed innocent throw the first stone ... having a fling is a mutual agreement , it is not like abusing each other ... i have a motivation problem until i have a time problem . single . much friends , much fun , nothing to regret ... ... and interestingly , my female friends introduce my to their friends ... and even more friends , more fun to come . yeehaw ! : wink : i'm very very seldom getting angry . getting into a rage , shouting , breaking things , beating so up ? no , not me . it's a waste of time and energy . something went wrong ? so what ? what happend is past ... q : do you scare / frighten children or do they like / love you ( why ) ? a : children and animals love me and tend to stick around me . why ? good question . i think it's because of my normally positive ... - are you religious ? why or why not . no . i'm agnostic . i just can't imagine a metaphysic existence managing everything in our universe . - what religion do you practice ? none . - were you born ... if i get criticised by someone i'll usually listen to what he / she is saying . if i'm criticized in a factual way , ok , i'll think about it . if in a unobjective way i'll simply ignore it . my time is ... chuck norris ? oh , wait a moment , i remember him . he was my apprentice ! for me working is an evil thing in life . : wink : having a job is ok , as long as it's fun . no fun --> work --> evil ; fun --> activity --> ok , it's just a job to get some money to fill my fridge ... i think your only chance to make your dad a more clean guy is to stop cleaning up after him . this worked fine for me as one of my girlfreinds some years ago used this trick . i left piles of stuff ... i normaly get 6-7 hours of sleep a night . phlegmatic . well ... i'm not sure if this guy is an estp . to me he appears more like a dork . : wink : i like it . it's my job for many years and it was a good decision to chose this career . i think , being calm is often misinterpreted as being cold . if i get harassed by strangers , i won't get upset . someone not knowing me is by far too unimportent to me to make me go berserk . the only ... * yawn * adrenaline is no drug ? hmm , maybe not for you . : crazy : just ask a speeding druggy what he likes on driving fast and dangerous . it's the thrill when adrenaline flows thru your veins , ... ... people call us insensitive assholes and seek our company , regardless of what we say . : cool : no * drugs * , just whiskey and adrenaline . : laughing : i'm not into gambling . as my old math professor said on the theory of probabilities : gambling is like paying the idiot-tax . : wink : i'm not sure . fame is one way , being dreaded is the other . : unsure : no tattoos , nope . just imagine what happens to your tattoo when you get older and your skin gets wrinkled . : laughing : party . yes ! and people . the more people , the more chit-chat . : happy : i love parties . when , where ? hi ! i just booked my next holiday and chosen the us east coast as destination . i'll stay for one week in ny and one in dc . except all the interesting museums and well known landmarks i'm ... fellow estps , what's your favorite option : wine and dine or cooking yourself ? i prefer cooking myself because it's a creative thing with a ( hopefully ) tasty result . but also the cooking ... hi . i'm an entrepreneur . but i'm living in germany . have you thought of the european market ? actually i'm not looking for but finding . : wink : i dont't have a checklist for girls . it's more the feels right thing . long-term ? well , sometimes . but this is more an option than a must-have . ... this really sucks ! so your whole family bullies you and you are pushed into the victim role ? phew , that's severe ! take care ! : shocked : you have my esteem for your strenth . life shouldn't be like this , you should be able to enjoy your childhood . : frustrating : have you told your mom that ... fine food . booze . strange places ... the ploy is : get emotional but don't develop your own emotions . you know what i mean ? when i interact with someone i don't know , i simply mirror the emotions of this person but i don't adopt them ... that's me and my gang . i'm on the left side wearing a grey 1930s style suit . : cool : me at the chinese wall near badaling ... no kidding ! i guess , this estp is a little younger , is he ? have you tried snooker trick shot ? : cool : that's really cool ! hey , yeah . that's an interresting topic . i can't remember , how often i've discussed this with others . but it was really often ... i have three circles of friends . the first one consists mainly ... try the kamasutra . : crazy : i'm the younge one of the two boys my parents have . my bro is four years older and an intj . i'm an estp . on long journeys ( on the german autobahn , of cause ) it might be something like this : shhh / roaaar ! ( the sound of my blood in ears / the sound of me speeding up ) ... ... damn ... yeah , welcome ! : happy : i think , mirroring others is our es way to show we like someone . so , you're a freak , too ? don't bother ' bout it ! all others are just too boring while we freaks are having ... i think i'm really good in empathy . when talking to people i feel their emotions and intentions by reading their face , voice , gesture and whole body language . in my job this makes it easy to push ... we are absolutely likeable - that's proved ! as long as i can remember there have always been lots of people around me , seeking my company and wanting to be friends . this is a really convenient ... i'm basically a righty . but i tend to hold my beer with the left hand so i can use my right to grab some snacks . : wink : how do you view and handle theory ? sceptic , because most theories ignore the reality . how does your ti work in contrast to entps ? does it ? do you enjoy science ? yeah ! do you enjoy ... only 4 - 5 % of the us population are estps [ estimated frequencies of types - capt.org ] . no wonder why we are precious few . staying friends is not the worst case . be glad to have this guy around taking care of your welfare . making him your foe might be a really bad experience . the description of this guy sounds familiar . : wink : maybe a extp with an almost balanced s / n . yes , perhaps . i would act like this . ... relax and enjoy . omg , we estps are the most trustworthy persons you can imagine ! i think , most of the guys blaming us estps are just jealous . :p roud : i agree , we sometimes tend to banter with someone . but hey , we ... better check for your moneybag afterwards . : laughing : you know , we estps might appear jejune when it comes to our own feelings . but we're having emotions , too , although some of us are not showing them at all . being good friend with an estp is easy , but ... just talk to him and ask directly . tell him about the rumors you heared and that you feel uncomfortable with the things you were told . seek a candid conversation - don't try to ask awkward questions ... '