' i'm at a crossroads . i'll be heading back to school in a few weeks to start my second year in college . i'm a decent student ( 3.6 ) at a top state university currently majoring in business with a ... extremely narrow-minded twitter posts such as this : 297122 if you find this statement thought-provoking then by all means , leave your current living situation and find a cool patch of grass to ... 1 . too obsessed with the future , not concerned enough about the present 2 . extreme impatience , do not like waiting on anything or for anybody 3 . not backing down from an argument . not a bad ... if you can't handle me at my worst , you don't deserve me at my best horseshit . no one's in charge of your emotions except you , and if you can't keep them under control then i don't want to be ... god i hate when people toss this phrase around was always sort of well-known , but wasn't really popular until all my upperclass friends graduated and my extroversion forced me to interact with people my own age . by senior year i was voted ... good things come to those who wait because i said so just have faith the overweight , idiotic , lovable , dumpy guy archetype present in pretty much every sitcom i've ever seen . this sounds like hell relevant : 279002 <--- check my avatar it's not my default emotion , i'm called serious and stoic more than just plain angry . after an argument however , those adjectives quickly turn to asshole and arrogant haha the op isn't showing for me either smoked a lot last semester , mostly to deal with the stress of being in an environment where i had much less control than usual . i didn't get addicted , though after a while i could feel my ambition ... how old are you ? i'm currently going through my first year in college and i'm experiencing similar problems . coming from an environment where i was ringleader ( track team captain , class president ... i believe it's my responsibility to make the most of my life , not some existential force that will work everything out . i hate that phrase .. interesting question btw . just today i got into a ... your excessive emoticons and electric pink profile picture made me physically cringe . appreciate the compliments though ! a cv ? we're entj's , employers come to us movies : any type of crime thriller tv : mad men , house of cards , suits - you're expected to lead in any group , team or committee or you're put in - you think of organizing as a relaxing hobby - you've got a natural habit of leaving things running more efficiently ... i'm on my school's track team , which requires regular 2 - hour practices mon-fri . over the weekend i'll do 15-20 minutes of body-weight exercises ( no gym membership ) exercise should be a must for anyone who calls themselves an entj . you can't rule the world sitting down . you'll like season 2 then : wink : i knew i couldn't be the only entj watching this show . have you seen season 2 yet ? i agree with this . i don't motivate and inspire for the fun of it , but having people on your side of the fence is crucial . my favorite show right now is house of cards . season 2 drops tomorrow on netflix ! obviously . you press [ 00:60 ] instead of [ 01:00 ] on the microwave because it's more efficient ! bad english doesn't excuse misspelling mbti . i can be , but it's not on by default . yes . any insult containing the words lazy , incomplete , inefficient , half-assed , etc drive me insane . haha feel free ! i have until tuesday , feb . 4th to make my decision . and yeah , by all means i'd love to continue this thread , some great quotes in here . nothing comes to mind i love track season 91773 exactly . in my experience , the more you know about a subject , the easier it is to communicate it concisely , and comprehensively , to other people . almost forgot one : you practice your time 100 interview in the mirror your teachers describe you as someone who presents themselves as someone who knows everything about everything and always has the solution to any problem you find yourself faking feelings of ... i wouldn't have expected anything else ! just kidding ! i'm an entj how do you know that this was posted in the entj forum ? the fact that 0 % of us think power is unattractive , that's how . these are nice ! keep em coming my school is giving our senior class the chance to put a quote under our portraits in the yearbook , but i haven't been able to come up with anything worth sharing . so i've come to the internet ( as ... and if not , who on mad men is ? i'm curious , he's one of my favorite characters . 112 . thou shalt obey no rules ! i may feel like shit every now and then . but not for long , and never in public ! many times . but never anything too harsh or personal , i save those for my closer friends that's exactly my position right now . awesome you're reading my mind '