' i'm back to check out the news :) anyways , i was sitting in the full bleachers in a football stadium ... except no one was within a 10 ft radius of me . i don't smell and i don't give mean ... i hang out too much with my intp best friend and it screws with my mind ... kidding . it's easy to analyze things with her because she doesn't judge me for doing it like everyone else is . by the ... dear anonymous , i've known you for over a year now . and every time i see your face my heart swells . we have been through so much together and our love is so beautiful . i can't believe myself ... someone asks me why don't you text me ? ( and this is quite often ) i have the urge to reply i don't have to because my life doesn't revolve around you ! i don't think they would like that ... can i be like very very very very ? i have been told that how quiet i am is unnerving . i also don't smile a lot and that can scare people too . let's just say they don't enjoy me at airports ... hello hello ! welcome . as we say here , types given by tests may not be correct ( they could be too ) and i encourage you to check out the type me thread to verify :) i first tested as an infj . i ... your top three intelligences : intelligencescore ( 5.0 is highest ) description 5 musical : you like the rhythm and sound of language . you like poems , songs , and jingles . you enjoy humming or ... ah ! i just wrote a paper over mi theory ! i shall post my results in a minute :) woo sounds like me but he's not as extreme . i know how you feel ! i can't handle seeing words in colors that they're not supposed to be . oh and a picture of you wearing only a pizza box is a good idea ;) i love sleeping . but only if it is dreamless and i don't wake up like i always do :/ you would have to specify on the liberal and secular humanist values . also , i am running to keep in shape if that counts . perhaps ! i love gaming . i got a chance to play skyrim and i'm hooked :/ i play adventure games on my ps3 . it'd be quite interesting to see who people would pair me up with ! c'mon guys , who will the lucky man be ? :p the best things ... probably my imagination and sense of wonder . i also love my ne mixed with si for the crazy connections ! add title some updated pictures . i suppose my life story will help make this make sense to anyone . i was abused as a child and my best friend and older sister died in a tragic car accident . i have never had a relationship where the ... always feeling like this . i enjoy kissing ... until when i'm kissing someone and then in the middle of kissing wonder why the crap people do it ? people eat , talk , drink with their mouth and we put two of those together and ... ? ... right now i can't stand fiction . it almost hurts to read . you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! stranger : hi you : hello stranger : asl you : i think you would rather converse about sushi you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! you : hello stranger : horny boys ? hit me up 609-414-2008 (; your conversational partner has disconnected . you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! stranger : hi m 18 you have disconnected . i got nervous . : confused : 18,300 words . that was fun . i fear that my depression will consume me entirely . this song really speaks to me . do you feel more mature than your years , or do you still let your inner child come out ? i absoultely feel older than my years . i am very controlled in everything because freeing emotion is alien ... narrative or drama . me too ! i don't get excited usually in my facial expressions . i've been asked if i was bored . i also don't show any expression on roller coasters . i would say my dark side manifests in two ways . either i become severely depressed or i want to kill everything and indulge in violent video games . they can also be expressed in the things that i ... as long as you're not being sarcastic , yes . i contemplate life and think about the relationships i have with people . i think about everything in my life and usually daydream after that . i tend to think about what if i was in a tragic ... the song middledistancerunner by chicane got into my head . then it turned into a dream ... check the cognitive functions . enfp - ne , fi , te , si infp - fi , ne , si , te see if you use ne or fi more . you do seem like an enfp to me though . i wing it ! i literally have no concrete way of doing it . some don't have names . i find a name that fits . they all seem to be introverted though ... i have to disagree with this . my father and i have always had a terrible , non loving relationship . the men that i seek out are quite the opposite . i like the username . welcome to perc and hopefully you'll learn what you need to know . i'll be here if you need anything :) same here . i've had this teddy bear since i was 9 . her name is sam and i treat her a little too much like a human . i'm so careful with her and i've never neglected her . i also do this and name ... navy blue ! it's so calming . as an infp , i actually am not that thankful here . half of these posts are worthless and don't even slightly help the op . we want people to join this forum while we are too busy shooting down ideas and not even possibily considering them . i felt ... you know type does matter to an extent , but it is wise not to date someone based solely on that . infps enjoy intjs too ! i have an intj friend so don't rule out any types . find someone that works ... owl city - all things bright and beautiful lights - siberia owl city - maybe i'm dreaming swimming with dolphins - watercolors aren't you an esfj ? i love esfjs ! don't give up in perc quite yet , there are some nice people still on here :) giant headache i suspect is from me going insane for a little bit . hey i like friends :) quiet drama nerd . i always test as an infj but i know that's not the case . fi is my dom for sure . '