' it seems sara from tegan and sara is an infp i've been thinking about pulleys all god damn day and it feels so right like it is the answer to something magical . i also have been day dreaming about being a mad scientist . not sure if the two are ... i can only do it for 45 minutes or so and if i know i won't be able to connect with that person ( s ) and strike up an interesting conversation then i just withdraw . i usually just end up sitting with a ... have you ever felt like your body was on auto-pilot when talking to someone ? for me it is when i just go with the flow and copy the tone movement and other mannerisms of the person i am interacting ... i blame it on the chameleon aspect of intp's but instead of reflecting or mimicking the person that we are directly with we partly reflect the typical girl . life not difficult where did you get that impression elementary use to play outside alot but games that did not require talking ( 4 square , freeze tag , ect ) close to being mute . was messy , skinny , and unprepared ( dispite my moms best efforts ) to the ... your anwer to number 4 was awesome-sauce . : tongue : paranoid : when in the dark , when people go into my room without asking , and around petty people private : no , just discouraged . most people find what i am thinking about to be boring so when asked i ... being one : all the misscommunications ( especially on open ended test questions and with loved ones ): confused : and the tension i can cause by the above but trying to resolve it causes more of the ... i am not sure as to why but people feel very comfortable telling me there deep dark secrets . some are people i don't considered to be close friends so just wondering if this is a common phenomenon if ... why would an intp want to be famous and submerse in hollywierd culture anyway i think kstew is the closest were goning to get wow i wondered in hear thinking you wanted out come out the closet had expectations oh and saw twilight with my sister yes ... wait ... no nevermind no one has ever said that to me . for me i have a tendency to mess up sayings / words and what not all-timers ... alzheimer escape code ... scape goat scoth free ... scot free no one has ever correted me did not figure it out till a read ... i could work if you had 3 things or more or think of it this way ... 3 and 8 they have the same absolute diference of 5 . either way it is a popular saying and like most poppular things it is ... the worst thing i have done was set an alarm on my sisters phone that went off in class very loudedly and it played the whisper song by the ying yang twins . she got her phone taken yelled at and ... i don't get it when people are like you're disrespecting me and then they get in to fist fights and go to prison for asult for nothing . the people don't even repest themselves acting like ... i look in the mirror ... no but seriously just play the game what thing is not like the rest socially and bingo you have a suspect . only if no one else says it . i walk on my tipy toes . my calfs are huge . i'm not going to call an ambulance this time because if i do you won't learn anything . what is this sleep you speak of and where can i get some ? ? ? wow . you cleaned you room without me telling you to . holy s * * t you have to teach me how to dance . you finally talked to that girl you liked . ( ^ only in an alternate universe ) yes i think it is because my facial expression is usually poker face or wtf 1 . friend 2 . snake 3 . runs away 4 . small 5 . no 6 . window , flowers 7.plastic 8 . leave it 9 . lake 10 . swim why i am pro choice 1 ) an abortion is cheaper for society then one child growing up with gov assistance 2 ) there are enough people on this planet 3 ) a baby should be brought into this world with ... also mad a comic book about jesus ( as a pot head ) and michael jacksons . i would make a lot of magic tricks witch involved crap tons of paper and glue . also built alot of forts that i would decorate . not sure if that is artsy or not hell yes . that is why i hate having to write lab reports for phyics . i can never figure out where to start i usually have to do alot of back tracking in my explination . you're pretty good looking ( for a girl ) - the white stripes . :p roud : you're pretty good looking ( for a girl ) - the white stripes :p roud : why would my mom call me a son of a b * * ch the insult really is directed at her then . my guy freind got sucker punched in the stomach and started to cry . i asked are you ok and he said very seriously i think i broke my uterus funny as hell but still intp and i am a mole and hear me roar pretty sadly spot on . ( don't be confused i am not a snitch ) you say thank you . 1 . stop asking why ( it is not important ) 2 . remember the formulas 3 . and sub in the numbers as needed in my ap calculus class the airhead that shall not be named asked what do you mean by fraction ? my teacher wanted to facepalm . well if it is not a bs class i would not suggest it because by the time your final comes around you will wish you did your homework . i was only taught sex ed in middle school , for a day . in high school you can get sex ed if you take pe or parent child development and i heard they go balls out with information and photos . my mom is a first grade teacher . she has trouble getting her kids under control because she is a push over . so if you are a push over i would suggest something different but if your not summers off ... 28 on act the sciece / graphs section messed me up felt to rushed and got flustered still waiting on my sat to be mailed hall pass funny as hell smart but not complex my needs are simple and i am straight forward about them mom is an esfp dad is an intp but shows it by being an arrogant a-hole when a stranger approaches you and you say what do you want instead of hello just saw a comercial for the new season of jersey shore i am disappaionted that industrialization has made survival of the fittest obsolete loved math still do hated english mostly because each year started out with the teacher telling me to forget everything the last teacher taught me and you have to remember 50 million diffrent ... i also remember having to go to the school counselor in first grade because i would not talk i was really skinny and seemed scared to raise my hand to go to the bathroom and alway had messy hair ... i ... '