' eh ... hate the music , the consumerism , a lot of it . the dinners are usually stilted and uncomfortable , the gift-giving disappointing , overall , not my thing . my friends and i usually go out and do ... motion sickness tablets . knocks you right out , and then you don't have to worry about doing stuff . if for some reason this option is not appealing , or not available , there are certainly other ... i used to stutter . i don't know why i stuttered in the first place , and i don't know why i stopped . but anyhow , i'm glad that i did . i got teased about quite a bit in middle school , and nothing makes ... could be an ambivert . introversion and extroversion aren't hard lines , and there are plenty of people who closely straddle the line . i personally think you get the best of both worlds that way ... when i need math help , i usually go to my physics teacher . there's a question in my workbook - are all irrational numbers real ? there's a diagram , putting all the rational , irrational , integers , ect , ... well-rounded . social , but not too extroverted , intelligent , but not more intelligent than me , affectionate , but not clingy , sensitive , but not touchy , ect . as much as i find myself attracted to ... nope . while i know how to work a computer as well as any average young person , it is one of the few areas that i don't consider myself to be skilled at . i'm an old-fashioned geek - books and paper are ... i just finished reading dante's inferno . i expected it to take at least a couple of weeks , but i realised when i opened it that a ) it was a dual-language version , so it's half the thickness i thought ... there are a lot of other ways to keep my memories ... ones that don't cost $ 50 or more . the school doesn't even make any money from them ! a more useless waste of resources i can't even fathom . oh my gosh , love it . that's the kind of music i wish i could make . myself , i'm more of an arranger than a composer . i like creating new frameworks , but i'm not very good at making entirely new ... oh my god that essay was beautiful . but yeah ... sometimes , the topic is just stupid and i find myself wandering to something that makes more sense . sometimes , i just like to be an asshole to my ... i keep a personal dictionary of interesting and new words that i encounter . i don't have it to reference right now , but i have used it in the past for essays and , less often , irl conversation . words ... i remember sitting for a picture at my daycare when i was three , and tripping over the slightly-protruding head of a nail . if i could do things over ... i suppose it would be kind of nice to have ... choose a path that doesn't take up too much of your time . your career is not the be all and end all of your life , so , whatever you do , you can do other things too . become a dentist or something , ... i'm not a recorder . i'm a flugelhorn . what's with the fe hate ? :( i'd like to give you a big , warm , squishy hug but i realise that that wouldn't necessarily make you feel any better . well-used fe means realising that people have ... i think that a change in your handwriting from time to time is supposed to mean an inconsistency in that area , or a grey area sort of thing . graphology isn't a perfect science , and there's lots of ... intp's , and introverts in general i find , listen to more instrumental music , whether that be classical or techno or whatever . as different as they are , the lack of words , of human voice , seems to ... my dad usually does this for me . unless i've asked for something specifically ( a piano , a car , ect . ) he usually just goes with me to the bookstore and pays for whatever books i choose . i get exactly ... a while ago , i was at chapters , and somehow wandered into the kid's section . i saw a couple of books i remembered from my childhood , so i sat there in the store to have a quick nostalgia trip . i ... i understand your hate , entj's . the music is the worst . i'm heavily involved in various musical groups , and every year , the same stupid songs , which i not only have to listen to while i'm shopping , ... my favourite saying - it's not bragging if it's true . we honestly can't make that choice for you . consider what you will enjoy doing most , and what benefits ( money , working hours , all that ) are most important to you . money will make you happier , to an ... haha , perfect . ah . okay , it just did seem out-of-place . and i don't have a very good mind for remembering facts about specific people on this forum , nor do i frequent the religious threads . i'll be certain to ... doesn't sound like a rejection to me . maybe i'm just naive , but i usually assume that they're being honest when they say they don't have time or whatever . also , what's with the god bless thing ? ... i like dreaming . i don't pay much attention to them , and i rarely remember them , but often i'll wake up in the morning thinking , wow , that was an awesome dream , go around smiling for hours despite ... popularity can be very subjective , amorphous , hard to pin down . there are different standards of popularity depending on what groups you belong to . everyone has a different view , depending on what ... neat . i always wanted an entj of my own . they just seem so cool ... best of luck to you ! i've played some . my dad started teaching me to play when i was , like , four . i'm not the best player , and i don't play all that often , but when it comes up , i never ignore a chance to play . it's ... when one as intelligently thinking as us wants to be charismatic , you merely have to analyse and apply . what actions and characteristics are associated with being charismatic ? how can you use and ... yes , it'll hurt a lot when i don't achieve what i want to achieve . but , what else am i supposed to do ? abandon my goals ? the point of goals , for me at least , is to set them high enough that i'll ... my heaven , as best i can imagine it , is a lot like the world i have now , with opportunities to travel , but also a nice , comfortable home and no pressures or upsets other than the ones i make for ... my first reaction is usually to shut myself off from all human contact . i know it's probably not the best thing to do , but even when you do have people to lean on , it's like , no , this is a battle ... 1:14 at the beginning , i have the drive to watch it all because you challenged me . then i realise that subjecting myself to that pain is completely unnecessary and , fuck it , i'm done here . other people here to a trans person , your gender = sex mentality would really hurt . if you identified as female - strongly , without reservation - but were stuck in a male body , ... this is very much my opinions as well . i don't like people talking about the typical woman or man , as if it's some perfectly fleshed out role that you either fit in , or don't . some people hate ... when i talk to other people that are as domineering and uppity as myself , i am usually annoyed and frustrated beyond belief . but i know that , in myself , they merely cover up my other characteristics , ... hehe , yes , and why whales should be considered fish , not mammals . i think that having a real relationship only made me more realistic . not cynical , just realistic . i admit , i was the little girl that dreamed of a perfect husband and a white wedding and all that ... there are plenty of places with universal healthcare , and it works pretty damn well if you do it properly . but i think abraxas put it well - obamacare is not really the same thing as universal ... on a more serious note , yes , you might very well be better than the rest of humanity . i feel like i am , too . but talking about that is , well , rarely a ... in middle school , we had to use this terrible accelerated reading program in english . you would read a book , take an online quiz , and get points depending on the difficulty and length of the book ... oh yeah , and this one . another old movie , but an excellent depiction of history . it's very , very dark , but fascinating for anyone who knows about the time period . ... i may or may not be re-reading , re-watching , and completely obsessing over this story right now , hehe . if said infj is a healthy infj , yes . if said infj - or any person - is an unhealthy - screw it , any type is a possible partner . yeah , i'd date an infj , just as i would date a person of any other type . the definition of having a mental illness , to my knowledge , is that one is kept from functioning normally in society to the point of their hurting themself or others ( natural introversion and all ... oh yes , i'm not saying we should all have to conform to the same rules all the time . i'm just saying , i think non-assholery is a ... desirable trait most of the time . this . exactly . also , i think we have bigger problems to worry about than being authentic . that comes after we stop being whiny , unproductive assholes , and by that time we've probably already ... '