' likewise . we need to write our own book then . intjs are independent . they try to make their own way out of their problems . it is important to remember that they don't spend their passion easily . so you need to make them trust you first . i you ... well , i think this is the scientific part of us . i have hear from my people involved in science that at the beginning of their research they have some sort of ideology about the problem . i think it i ... i used to do the same . lol . exactly there was a good deal of immaturity . it was funny though . it seems to me that entps are friendly , warm , happy . but a bit focused on trivial things . the don't think systematically . don't get easily offended ( i liked it very much ) . it is sometimes fun making ... which of intjs and intp's are better in huge consistent systems ? which one are better at writing novels ? thanks for your post . i meant being seemed as an asshole is one of the possible consequence of not trying to be nice . anyway i dont wanna care anymore about what people might think of me . i read ... you don't understand why i say under 30 . that's what i understand from nah it doesn't ... ok . let's assume your wrong interpretation is right . so what ? what is your point ? what do you have to ... that's the problem . i think i am harshly honest to myself and people . but i am not trying to be nice anymore since i feel this just create a cold respect . i think now i am brave enough to accept what ... well , it is not a long time that i know these personality types . i don't even know how valid it is . recently , i started hanging out with entps . my idea about relations has changed drastically . i am ... please see my previous post on this thread . i replied your post but i forgot to mention you . i think we have some sort of misunderstanding . i am gonna reply to some parts of your post . option is literally top - left corner of your screen when you are looking at the forum board . finally i ... do whatever you think is okay mr . stupid . you are just an immature boy who tried to be nice but anyone knows you are a fake person . go mr . teenager and play with your little kitties in your territory . s male looking for s female ? ? what is s male , s female ? i had forgotten about that ... probably blew it off because i didn't really care what you were looking for . if you don't really care why ... wow ! exactly the same here . exactly the same here . exactly the same here :( i think i am the loneliest guy on the earth but i wanna change it . have you tried people so called compatible with ... i hope you don't think being territorial is something to be proud of . our women ? harassing ? is it rally harassing and are they really your women ? i don't get it sorry . hey , i don't alienate you ... i don't think i say i'm superior to you things or at least i don't mean to do that . i talked shit to you because you had talked shit to me . don't you want to have the third one ? do you feel sometimes we get dogmatic because we build our models with an eye always kept on the applicability of the model ? i mean we may overfit our model to the data we have and this may make us ... as far as i have understood , they don't like sharp , direct , and critical ideas . they like to widen their thoughts in their realm of their comfort zone . we can be compatible in a sense that they do ... i have never met any of those seemingly charming creatures i guess . i like to meet one . it would be a great pleasure i guess to have an experience of meeting an entp . it is also the interesting to me ... i don't understand why it bothers some of you . i don't understand either why just males are feeling uncomfortable with what i am doing ? this is my very first post hey . i just realized how i am ... no point in having relationship . i like talking to people and exchanging ideas . relationship to me is just some sort of stupid social contract , underlying no meaning unless in case of win-win game . i don't know exactly what a good strategy would be . i am trying to convince myself that boredom is a part of life . i am overwhelmed with boring people . i have tried your strategy but it works when ... what if he / she is important to you ? what do you do ? exactly . it is so sad q :D o people percieve you as rude ? a : do we care ? if my idea works well i can make a huuuge amount of money but it still does not help me understand who i am . who am i ? who the fuck am i ? hey intj comrades . don't you feel that people are boring ? i wanna know if it something common for us . if yes , how do you socialize ? don't ever help these stupid people . they are just charming kitties . i thought soul soul generation has been extinct already ! this is what i am . what are you ? a little lovable kitty who hides his stupidity behind exaggerated and theatrical exclamations , lol ? i thought soul soul generation has been extinct already ! this is what i am . what are you ? a little lovable kitty who hides his stupidity behind exaggerated and theatrical exclamations , lol ? where can i find entps in my university ? should i go to the law school ? where are these charming creatures ? how can i become friend with a entp ? hi dear entps . i am an intj . i want to have a entp girl friend . i am 28 , a phd student . i don't know why some think it is awkward to make such statement in here but anyway i don't see anything wrong ... the one you introduced thought i was joking . do you anyone else ? i don't wanna play around at all . i wanna meet someone . if we liked each other we would continue . hi my friends . i am an intj . i would like to meet with an entp girl . i am 28 and doing my phd . let me know if you are interested . name it whatever you want ( date , meet , friendship , ... ) . we meet and ... i am gonna text you . even in that case i have a small sample of entps behavior when are asked dating directly . do you really care about the norms ? people do it indirectly . i can pretend to do that too , but i don't see any point in doing this . i can regularize my intention in this way . your threat's name is ... why ? damn ! ! why do you think i am joking ? i just say what i will ultimately say in the end . i am just curious how an entp think , behave , do , ... in different situations , but i don't wanna make all those ... ok . i am serious about it . i am honestly serious about it . why is it wrong ? i am just curious to know an entp . i just said what i ultimately do in the end . can you assume all those lengthy ... hi dear entps . i am an intj . i am very very interested in dating with an entp . i am so serious . i am 28 and student :D tell me if you are interested too . at least give it a try :D hi dear entps . i am an intj . i seriously want to date with an entp . i am serious . i am 28 doing my phd . let me know if you are interested . at least you can try . hi i am an intj . i want to date with an entp ! seriously i want to date with an entp . i am 28 . graduate student . i am still serious about dating with an entp :D i am a phd student in statistics , so i prefer a student also . tell anybody you know . lol then i'll surprise them with chaos plan and leave them with a cold apology :) you may not believe , but sometimes it even goes to z but ... my life have become easier since i came here in the u . s . at least you know what the rules are . back in my country i was about to go psycho . very funny , enjoy trolling , and can argue no-end ... this is what i want from my girlfriend . i am not sure i have ever met with any entp . that sucks . i don't think we are considered rude if we are enough wise how to act in different situations . but i can definitely say we are considered decisive about what other people think as critical issues ... '