' we are living in interesting times . more or less there was boring stability in the most parts of the world in the last decades . i hope i'm very wrong but soon we will have lots of action because ... i'm traveling instead of buying things . at this moment i'm rising budget and i'm going to hit a road with my girlfriend for a longer period but it will take some time ( 2-3 years ) to save a pile of ... i love thievery corporation i was an annoying extrovert in my childhood . now i'm completely opposite . i only have a few people in my life with who i can get along and trust them . i like recent version of me much more hehehe . 601570 6015 78 maybe you should try online dating ? in my case it's worked perfect . on okcupid.com i wrote honestly description about myself and i found another infj ( well she found me ) from another side of the ... it's glad to know that i'm not the only one of that kind in the world . hehehe thanks . usually , i'm hearing something like why you are so mean / sad / weird . i'm just reading you that what i'm telling them in my mind :) 593538 just to be clear : that is a tooth stick . my a long distance infj girlfriend from philippines killed me with oh , you are so cute . is that a lollipop ? hehehe lol ... :) as demisexual i couldn't have said it better myself . cats ... fantastic creatures :) i decided to reduce consumption so i sold my car ( replaced it by a bike ) , got rid of a lot stuff , i always prepare my own meals and etc . this lifestyle probably will lead to loneliness ( what kind of ... great movie : jagten ( 2012 ) - imdb another b + here 74 when you make plans while you are in a good mood but then the day comes and you would actually rather die ... when you see someone constantly seeking social interaction and validation , when you see them just blab on and on about nothing , when you see them get bored when the conversation becomes more in ... poor girls ... left brain right brain 47 % 53 % your left brain percentages 43 % linear ( your most dominant characteristic ) 34 % verbal 30 % logical 27 % sequential 7 % reality-based ... what a great show :) everytime in public toilet :    american history x into the wild generation war ... 384650 my goal is to retire early and to live in a little log cabin near wilderness , live off my savings + what i will grow . i'm saving 40-50 % of my salary every month and i hope i will achieve this goal ... i'm not hitler i don't want to kill anyone . 1 child policy in countries with the highest population growth rate would be great start but that is utopia . that will never happen . why 3-4 billion would ... i think he might be wrong , especially that part about how many people will be around in the future . people's lifetime is increasing so even if younger people only get two children per woman , still ... maybe one of the problem is that i spend more than 20 years of my life until i realised what makes me happy and what way of life i must to choose and well these years was more or less like hell . i ... the point is that i'm listening to voice of my hearth . thanks for your response :) i really like kids and i don't have anything against them , but my choice is not to have my own child ( well i can still be great stepdad :) . i think in near future our planet will be very harsh place ... my cell phone - 8 year old , mp3 player - 8 year old , car - 18 year old and etc . these things still working great and i don't need new one . nowadays industry make crap that last very short , so you ... it's crazy but today i dealed with same situation . i received call from old friend who i hadn't talked in more than 1 year and i was recently thinking that it would be great to talk again . creepy . in ... unfortunately i'll have a huge party on weekend so ... i'm sorry if i seem uninterested oh i'm not listenin ' , oh i'm indifferent truly i ain't got ... really great thread . don't be too much happy because you might become less happier or even depressed . too strong emotions leads to emotional hangover so balance is key in any situation . just sharing my personal ... i was born in the wrong century . ( unfortunately 7 words ... ) sometimes i can call myself yes man . but it was most common in my youth . nowadays is much more no i think :) no , i'm avoiding nightclubs because it's cleary unhealthy for me . too much noise , club music is a piece of crap , overcrowded place , energy quickly drained and etc . alone in lithuania :( yes indeed . and i really hate small talk and chit-chats . i mean it . i strongly disagree with your opinion :) only 2 people made me really angry and from them faces i can say that they shit in their pants . they didn't expected my rage because i'm very calm person . no matter how much i need help i prefer not to ask for help if it's possible . no way , i don't like too much attention at all . i like running too and i'm doing it 4-6 times a week ( for the first time i completed 44 km distance last week yay ! :) well i'm not very muscular , but soon it's gonna change a little bit because i ... impressive ! i can't say that i'm doing nothing . i'm thinking probably all the time and many toughts just floating without any efforts during every session . i love these moments when i can to focus to important ... '