overthinking i mean things that are only related to them which makes them unique i know intelligence is one innovation second what else ? classification is another system of control . people are bad because they fear they will get hurt if they be nice yes but i try to hide it and then get over it it is momentarily though not that anyone can notice it wow you know you make it seem like its impossible to have a life being an infj i dont think aliens exist . they are a work of fiction and thats it . cute because i feel like a child i do that when i have to make tough decisions i cant mix up with people cant make friends but i can manipulate can be innovative.so i think its a fair set of skills i think if its your dream go for it . good but not best yeah i am having a bug on my profile words arent displaying fully and corrrectly well friend you can make decisions in two ways either the logical one or the to your gut one . the logical one will be that you accept it but if you want to follow your gut i say reject it and focus ... ha ha well you got one famous thread now so why worry besides friend life is a mix of win and losses sometimes you win sometimes you lose dont lose heart though that i hadn't had the chance to go to a university.what is your strong trait in which you rely on most of the times ? changing they way they think giving them a hard time while also maintaining your cool no not really i tend not to be so sidetracked besides crushes are always momentairly for me . what i want i will get it on my own friends ? contacts ? fun ? relationship ? i just come here to refresh my mind after a long day and maybe do a little chit chat with one or two people and thats it . adam sandler you know you are an isfp just accept it okay first of all i think you are a quitter second you lack the power to make decisions for yourself . inspiration and motivation is something you get from the inside not from people . yeah i have a question you are in a situation where people constantly judge you or make fun of you and you cannot react because it will create problem basically you have no option but to bear it how ... not as long as i am around . i choose dare again . which is your worst fear your deepest insecurity that you never talked about ? mine is fear of rejection . hello welcome to the forums i just know . yeah it does in advance , so what are your plans ? i had my plans but i like to keep things to myself until they become a reality.anyway people lets hear it from you . hmm well okay if you feel like that i think its okay though i personally still think its a great mistake . most my life people have rejected me some due to jealousy some because of other reasons but ... can i unsubscribe all of them at once ? where is that ? i think the true gift is when you earn it not get it free . besides that the back draw of it is that you become dependant on people in a way . chicken murghi yeah but in real world you get it by really accomplishing something and after taking a lot of criticism along the way but on the internet you can get praise easily there is the difference . bright people get bad grades because they find memorising hard they would rather understand new ideas then memorising crap as with all bright people there are other non study activites that they ... hey there welcome abroad pow hey there welcome abroad pow hey there welcome abroad pow hey there welcome abroad pow hey there welcome abroad pow hey there welcome abroad pow hey there welcome abroad pow hey there welcome abroad pow hey there welcome abroad pow hey there welcome abroad pow hey there welcome abroad pow hey there welcome abroad pow hey there welcome abroad pow