' i follow a phrase called i write how i want . i'm curious about other approaches to determine the functions and if there are diagrams or something instead of thinking about it myself . i saw a pattern in determining a type's cognitive functions by observing the type's 4 - letter mbti type . the two middle letters of the mbti type will be the first two types of cognitive functions . i'm ... anadyomenos that's how i feel about fe . it feels awkward and unnatural . i distracted myself and talking with my brother got me in a good mood , but i get really angry sometimes , especially if i think ... i don't feel like this all of the time and wouldn't want to be apathetic . how can i develop fe ? i have been pissed off all day thinking about other people . my uncle makes fun of almost every person he ever lays eyes on behind their back which in itself pisses me off , but he also goes on this ... lol i saw spongebob and it was awesome . i generalized a bit . it's genres that i find boring . i don't understand and can't tolerate boring drama or fantasy fiction type stuff . my therapist is helping me find root issues and change my thinking patterns . and yeah , i guess it's possible she'd take me back , but she's not the type to dwell on the past . she didn't even seemed ... very beautiful . i will do just that . i experience nature intensely and love things like that . to me , the perfect day is doing that with someone you're close to , so i really don't want to do it alone , ... an infj ! ! ! * swoon * ... hello :) that's really sad . sorry to hear that if you've been through that yourself . i have as well . thank you diligent procrastinator thank you so much gifford . i wasn't expecting a personal reach for help like this . where does one find an infj in real life ? i hope you have a good day at work . arieslilith very true , thank you . i'm trying hard to find self-love , confidence , and peace . i appreciate the advice . i don't think so . i remember having a really happy childhood . i can relate to your feelings though . i struggle with self-hatred and feeling excluded and not good enough . i hope you're feeling better ... gifford maxim in reply to your continued post , all i can say is that was a genius post . everything you said was right . my therapist has told me things along the lines of that , but the explicit detail ... thanks for your understanding . mental condition is major depression , ptsd ( the root of mood issues ... searching desperately for a cure ) , and i haven't been diagnosed , but i experience symptoms of bpd ... gifford maxim thank you . i just resorted to a few shots which was stupid but this is such a hellish feeling . yes , i will see her in the next life , but it feels so far away and there's no marriage in ... i lost my infj girlfriend in october of 2014 due to my poor mental health . there is no one like her . i never knew someone like her existed before . her looks , even with no makeup , was absolutely ... thank you all for replying . i was having a falling apart moment when i made this thread but am trying not to let these negative feelings absorb me again . hazeleyes 147 yeah , i am seeing a therapist ... it's extremely difficult for me to make friends . for now , these friends are all i have . women find me attractive but i'm socially anxious and have a hard time putting myself out there , so i'm a bit ... i thought i was infp for a long time . i guess it's my strong ni that led me to be falsely confident in being an intuitive . cardinalfire that is a great post . thank you . yes , they are , except sometimes one of the guys ' wife is around and she's the only one that never makes fun of me . not sure what you mean though , ... i made this post in this section not long ago , and for those who've seen it , i suppose this can be seen as an update . i've always been made fun of and taken advantage of since about age 11 or 12 ... hazeleyes 147 thank you for the kind words . i wish i felt accepted by others . when i read i accept you , something clicked in my mind , like that's the issue . i never feel accepted . it was partially ... i usually score from 130-140 . whether it's accurate or not , they can at least be kind of fun haha . i love it when girls are loyal and seek loyalty and long-lasting relationships . a lack of loyalty and trust is not something i can tolerate . i could go on about how much i hate boy-crazy type of ... 6 ' 2 ! ... except i'm thin : rolleyes : i can relate to the original post . thankfully most women find me attractive , but i feel like my personality can be a turn off . i am a mellow person , and can be ... hmm , i saw someone mention the book thief . that is one movie i remember enjoying . in fact , i absolutely loved it . the snow , the touching moments in the end . that movie had the most beautiful visuals ... this post is directed towards isfps . do you enjoy movies , whether at the theater or at home ? for me , i cannot stand it , especially fantasy fiction . i just watched the hobbit and slept through most of ... i love learning . i've been buying books like crazy ... now if only i'd read them lol . school is difficult and painfully boring though , so i struggle a bit there . i get good grades but the effort is ... i haven't had a good experience with medications either . i have tried celexa and paxil and got nothing from them . i have decided i will never take antidepressants ever again because of the way people ... i'm nowhere near confident enough to go up to a girl i don't know or barely know and ask her out ( i have a bit of social anxiety ) . i have to take the friends first approach , and i barely ever make ... i'm isfp , but probably estj . i'm a fairly mellow person and need another mellow person . i tend to fall for ixfx types , and my favorite is probably infj . they're deep , mellow , sensitive , responsible , ... i am sorry if this post is a bit long , but please , read it , for the sake of humanity and kindness . i am very much in need , am seeking to change my life , and would greatly appreciate any helpful ... steepbluffs i'm doing both at the moment . lots of exercise and reading . confidence has always been a problem for me ; i don't think i've ever had a healthy self-esteem . do we lean more towards the nice guy rather than the bad boy ? most girls think i'm attractive but i've barely had much luck with women . i had a 1 year relationship with an infj girl but we met ... i can't stop dreaming of my ex girlfriend : sad : yeah , i should have mentioned this in my original post . my ex infj girlfriend found me too inexpressive . she said she often wondered what was on my mind , thought i was too mysterious for her to ... are other isfps private and inexpressive ? what can i do to work on it ? i find it hard to express emotions verbally , though it isn't as hard over text . i'm also really private and feel uncomfortable ... oh wow , those were good insights frayonka . i am feeling very confident with isfp , especially since i see it in my roots in my childhood . yeah , sensor still seems a bit strange , but i'm thinking it may be because of my fi , high ni , and dissociation issues . i'm still not completely sure , but i'm starting to lean towards isfp after all ... no way that's me . i had an infj girlfriend and she was the kind that writes lists for the grocery store , needs to have plans settled , very serious and decisive , and i was the opposite . isfp sounds ... i mean look at perceiving and judging descriptions . i never plan anything in my life and have always had the heart of a child . i just don't think it's possible . infj ? ? why ? no way . judging is not me at all . i'm one of the most perceiving people i know . and my ti is painfully low . thanks , i'm starting to feel more confident with isfp :D i hope it's right . this is the picture i chose : when looking into this picture , the rich green grass reminds me of large fields ... haha , thanks guys . i thought living dead may have been sarcastic , but i'm glad we're getting somewhere . i can answer some questions as frayonka asked soon ; i need to sleep for a few hours . for those ... are you joking ? if not , why and how are you so certain ? i was thinking isfp because of my ni and blamed the bad se on my dissociation issues , but now i'm leaning way more towards infp again , especially after getting these test results ... '