' as the most introverted extroverts i am beginning to have this problem strongly lately ... ugh must . break . free ! ! ! does not feel good at all to have lack of friendship ! whenever i am sad i always find things to do very quickly , so i don't get depressed for long at all . you guys have similar experience ? nah ! really , entp wouldn't fell asleep , if he or she has cellphone to be on ... instead . that's what i do . surfing ... look up news , learn knowledge , read fb , twitter , post or reply . never ... ok desire machine , unless i misunderstood you , you are very unlike me then . tv shows and sports are exactly what i love to talk about ! what to eat , how is work , get what kind of tattoo to get , ... yeah when it's a situation that i can leave , i will when people there have no common interests with me ! i like to talk to people about things that i find interesting , but not chitchat about the ... to rephrase again , talking about maybe at work , that you can't leave . you are stuck with those people ! haha you got jokes heh ? any of you entps are not really that talkative ? this question may be misunderstood so i will phrase it differently . introverted and extroverted is the hardest to figure out , honestly . for myself anyway , since i don't talk that much ' chitchat ' stuff and don't go to a party or drink every single day i might seem ... look all i am saying is , most sensors i met , while they do have a lot of life experience , but their knowledge is mostly learned by living the life , not caring about what we care about such as geek ... harry potter sorting hat quiz : which house are you in ? | time.com the more you learn about other humans , the more you see the ugly side of them ... selfish , inconsiderate , always in your way , won't give an inch , etc . then ( sorry for political ranting again but ... i would argue that sensors strive mainly for knowledge . i know plenty xsxx types they really don't care that much for knowledge . maybe some of them have a lot of knowledge , but it's not necessary ... what ? i haven't even gone to sleep yet ... entps don't sleep early , wake up early like that ! :P i agree with this ! people just misunderstand / don't know how to take a mbti test , that's all it is . so many people are typed wrong ( i am sure ) , or getting different results everytime they take it , because of this . you ... me - ravenclaw 85 % hufflepuff 14.3 % gryffindor 0.4 % house ravenclaw for all of us entps right ? tonight's episode is sooo n ! > if it's all just bs < look , nobody or most people aren't perfect . so , within any mbti typing you gonna have different people from each other . for example , some entps maybe more e than i than ... real intelligent people don't brag about their iq like this ! too introverted and not as outgoing for my taste ! i don't understand your question fully , but what i can gather at least - being curious about a lot of things , have a lot of ideas , theories , imaginative , see patterns as interesting where others ... omg i <3 arcos ! ! ! i have often wondered where arcos are at in our life / world ? mainly , i enjoy traditions of stores selling stuff cheap ; or places that give you stuff for free . or give you some stuff for free if you buy something ; great rewards ! ! ! i see we have ( society as a ... trump got elected , kind of put me into a shell . ( distancing myself from republican friends supporting that douchebag ) :( wow , this past sunday ( episode 7 ) is amazing ! ! ! plot is coming together ! so much happening is really mind-blowing ! david lynch is a genius in his own way ! you are an introvert if going somewhere that has a lot of strangers ( concerts , crowded town events , parties where people you don't know are invited along ) really makes you uncomfortable ! it's not ... everyone including many many introverts love to social and hang out , but they wouldn't prefer big parties , crowded concerts , and like to talk to any strangers . etc i think the main difference between introvert and extrovert is if you like strangers and don't mind a crowded place , like to talk / social is a bad example ! many so called introverts are more ... is wonder woman a enfj in the comics ? fe is her strongest . of course . i don't lie much about anything i strongly stand by . only people who don't know me , would doubt what i say ! such as what i was accused of - people thought i was being angry , upset and i ... these people i went with , went to sleep like 8-9 pm ! and , i am like sitting by myself until 11 then even that is too early but i don't sleep at 8-9 pm hell ! i also don't think you live your life ... yeah that's the art style of david lynch . he likes it that way ! i have never seen any enfp being an asshole . usually they are 10x times more friendly than i am , on the surface ! but enfp are extremely flakey though . not completely sure means that they are fake ... geonerd just by itself , no . but , it's true that ps are more prone to be messy and disorganized as most js are more likely to be neat and organized . that is because a number of other ... remember , personality / mbti is not about feeling or expression of any specific moment . it's about your whole life . ' sometimes ' , is utterly meaningless in determining mbti / personality . ' most ... it's not hard to figure out the difference between a f and t , or entp vs enfp , and i don't know why it is that hard for some people . -> you just ... i have been absolutely right about trump since the beginning , was i not ? sometimes , it's just a matter of being intuitive about it all . makes me sad that some people say now they regret ... exactly , that's what i have been doing . i really don't believe in much coincidences , so i believe a bunch of repeating patterns means something . from sites - intuitors ... are happy to trust their subconscious and ' sixth sense ' , gut feel , intuition or whatever you want to call it . no , i am actually more honest than i am a liar . i've always been direct , straightforward and tell it like it is . a lot of people lie just for the sake of lying for no reason . i never do that ... hey , i just think it's a show that other ns would like . am i missing out on something ? yeah - imaginations , mystery , strangeness , creepiness , symbolism , theories all that fantastic stuff ... i think that most people who think i am a f , are way too confused or don't fully grasp all the concept of cognitive function , except it's surface . because on t / f preference leaning , i clearly ... nope . this is getting to the point of extreme lameness ! instead of people trying to actually know me , see who i am for a fact , and prove things . instead just want to judge me based on nothing concrete , ... for rationality sakes , can we just stop with the brainless accusations and actually prove something for once ? you want to prove that i am a xxfp , that's actually fine , you can go ahead do what you ... not trolling - cuz i don't get a rise whatsoever or intentionally troll anyone ( again let's not forget who accused who first . wasn't me ) i seriously only want to prove people who accuse me ... despite you are saying that i am below average iq , i am not offended cuz i don't get offended much and won't report you to the mods . but , you are probably wrong on that because my multiple test ... '