' this thread is incomplete without the king of pop , the late great michael jackson ! so i've figured out that they show up normal sized when you just copy from a web page and paste them into your reply , rather than hitting insert image . like this ! ... hey , welcome to the forums ! decisions are hard ... i usually ponder possibilities for a long time , and end up leaving things til the last minute . which decisions are hard ? all of them ! ( ( ( hug ) ) ) five words are not enough . ha , thank you sweetheart . i was just having a moment , i guess . i've managed to rock out interviews before ... but only if i don't care about getting the job ! it's an impossible mission to rock out on ... neutral good human wizard ( 4th level ) heh , that's pretty appropriate . fun test ! my current rpg character is definitely chaotic good , so much more fun to play than my lawful neutral dwarf knight from ... dude ! that's brilliant . i want a squishy snuggledroid now ! it worked ! oh . thanks . for reminding me how awful these are . yay . i'm looking for a job right now . maybe i should stop before it's too late . : unsure : / explodes me too let's do this at this point , yes , i run . the slightest red flag , and i'm outta there . but when i was younger , dysfunctional people were extremely appealing . the only person i was ever in love with was an ... you can never experience bliss without also knowing ultimate torment . are the truly ignorant even capable of that ? i think not . our knowledge brings us pain , but it is also the thing that makes bliss ... wow , this thread got bumped from the dark ages . well , what the hell , i took the quiz too . it's a neat one ! feeling kinda down , so i dunno how accurate some of this really is for me . might have the ... 79826 79824 i don't think it was necessarily the pressure coming from you , or any expectations she had about your possible relationship . ( fwiw i personally do think far ahead about people i meet , just because i ... i think this is the primary reason i don't get along well with children ! : angry : i hate to say it , but you should probably just leave her alone . at this point , all you've lost is a chat partner . i'd suggest finding a new one that's open to you , and letting this one figure her ... alcoholism runs in my family as well . my uncle decided to abstain from all alcohol for that reason , and his social life flourishes regardless . it just isn't a big deal . he provides it to guests , and ... i think this attitude is pretty common among nt's , at least the ones i've spoken with . there's a strong desire to remain in control and only respond rationally . i'd argue that it's beneficial to ... 78994 78323 i feel ya , kiddo . posting threads is so damn hard when you are always second-guessing the quality of your content ... but i'm trying not to sweat it . welcome to the forums ! ! 78037 i love it when i actually accomplish something i need to do ... because it happens so rarely . welcome kiarie ! i'm pretty new here too , but everyone has been super nice and thoughtful . see you around ! oh my word , this happens to me all the time . usually it's something so glaringly obvious , too . the other day , it was a 3 - inch spider . : shocked : at times like these , i am glad natural selection hasn't ... 77943 planaria . they're worms ! sleep oh darling , i know just how you feel . like , all the potential is right here - - aren't you paying attention , universe ? ? me being myself should be enough . jeez . but yeah , sometimes i still vaguely ... i bought a cup of dark roast coffee , mostly with change from my wallet . wish i could afford some of those steam sales games ... i was once destined to save the world . in middle school , i decided that the world was really messed up , and i was going to be the one who figured out how to fix it and end all that pesky suffering ... busty : wink : consider it a recommendation ? also , i really hope no one actually gets their face bitten off . that shark sounds like it knows what it's talking about , but still ... : tongue : dave . o ok , you're the second person who's mentioned dream theater to me , i must now check that out . i can definitely dig tool , muse , johnny cash and tom waits too ! lol , if you'd asked me first i'd ... dave . o hell yes to the floyd . i think my favorite song of all time is great gig in the sky from dark side of the moon . here are some of my other favorites : the beatles joni mitchell sigur ros ... hi fellow humans . i just wanted to take this opportunity to tell you that you are in fact , awesome ! you know those people that have been telling you to stop doing this or stop being that ? they're ... mushr 00m i can really relate ! i did this for quite a while , first with someone in middle school . that obsession lasted about 2 years . the next one was worse , lasting about 5 years . i would ... dave . o i love your signature ! ! ! that's my favorite line from one of my favorite songs . <3 and thanks to everyone for all the warm welcomes ! welcome ! i enjoyed reading your answers . and i'm babysitting tonight so on that note i feel your pain ! so you're wise beyond your years ? well i'm years beyond your wisdom ! the only time i've been in love was in this exact manner , longing for someone i couldn't have . and it did take me a long time to get over it ; probably the only thing that got me over it at all was ... i am quick to say or think that i'm dumb because of making very minor mistakes . saying it so many times can only be convincing me that it's true . : my major insecurity is thinking that my entire ... you saw nothing ! ! ! : ninja : ok , yes i know who bob dylan is ... he just looks so young there ! i briefly saw him live in 2005 and he looked nothing like that . he also sounded like hell , but i can't ... i fully agree ! but who's the guy in the picture ? i'm not very hip with the times , you see . :P seriously , i haven't heard of half the bands you folks are listing . / feels so uncool : unsure : that ... dirks :p roud : did you know why ? if so , do you wish you hadn't ? if not , do you wish you had ? i was 10 years old . i had no idea why my mother would kill herself . i never saw it coming . it was a non-possibility ... terrified beyond the capacity for rational thought . yup , that about sums it up . ... how did we come to this ? ? lolol '