' some people get turned on more by receiving then they do by giving . it's not evil or cruel , it's just the way some are wired . as long as your aware of it , and you aren't using it to hurt anyone , then ... i like big butts and i cannot lie . i would call him walker 5881 dear life , i missed having you . we should keep this up . sincerely , me . i remember the first time someone called me intimidating . it threw me for a loop . i had never seen myself that way as a kid . i was shy and afraid of everything it seemed . now i was being told that ... i'm really happy to hear about your situation and where you've come veggie . my estj was incredibly damaging and hurtful to me , but the relationship helped change me for the better in the end . the ... i have a friend who does this every two weeks or so . then she talks , non-stop , for as long as i allow her to . i usually cut her off after 45 minutes or so . i think some people feel they need to ... well giving off such a vibe should get me more cuddles . i'm not getting any so maybe i'm doing it wrong ! i've been told this for as long as i can remember . i heard it again pretty recently from a friend of mine . she called me cute and handsome . i was just sitting there watching tv and i wasn't even ... hahaha . it was funny but i would get annoyed by that . i think you've given me the perfect reason to never visit england . or if i do , to not speak to any of the english for fear that the conversation ... i answer the phone for a living . it's pretty informal , but there are still some protocols that must be adhered to . for instance , a standard greeting and closing . one thing that can really annoy me ... dear universe , i already have enough issues with life . please stop conspiring against me . sincerely , a paranoid infj for me , being rejected is like tearing out my soul and putting it through a meat grinder . this is because the build up i have to go through to get to a point where i'm exposed is ... as an infj type 6 , he sounds like a seriously unhealthy me . it's not you , he has insecurities he needs to settle before he can treat himself correctly and after that , he can worry about treating ... to take a deep breath and let this develop instead of analyzing every little step . dear me , relax . she likes you . sincerely , me . i've done this . i've even done it maliciously . but most everyone who i struck with this weapon absolutely deserved it . i have done it very rarely and always with cause . it can be absolutely ... being assertive was something i had to develop and it wasn't easy . it's much more natural for me to withdraw and pull away . veggie said a lot that i wanted to say . i did some cheating when i was a lot younger ( high school and up to about 22 or so ) because of insecurities in myself and a lack of harmony i felt in the ... okay , okay . i'll just play with your kitty ( no dirty ) and not your infj . i'm glad you keep your kitty clean and i'm sure i will enjoy petting her ! can i pet your pet infj , too ? he looks cuddly ! i love cats , don't really enjoy coffee . tea is nice though . earl grey with a bit of milk and lemon is glorious . understanding . this is key for me and you said it brilliantly ( like usual ) . when i realize that the loss of them from my life would be considerably painful , and when i know that their presence in my life is utterly ... i can be very assertive and aggressive at times , but i don't see it as a negative thing . you seem to be describing someone who is insensitive , not necessarily someone who is aggressive . i will ... i love to play golf . it's like the ultimate introvert sport . just me versus the course and the elements . i completely relate . i think it happens a lot because i'm usually buried inside myself categorizing thoughts . when my fe is on , though , it's the exact opposite . well , i do see what you're saying , but if i'm with a submissive girl , then pleasing me is what pleases her most , so both are satisfied . although i do love going down on women . it's a really fun way ... i tend to get more creative as the night wears on . a lot of my music writing happens as i'm lying in bed waiting for sleep to come and a melody pops into my brain . then i have to get up and record it ... i passed my test at 16 on my sixth try . yes , sixth . manly man hugs are among my favorite . yes ! ! ! it's funny , i just dropped a girl for doing the same to me . i told her early on that i don't like mind games or playing around . if you like me , that's cool . if you don't like me , that's cool too , but ... meeting pixie 85 and walker 5881 and doing something totally awesome . i wish i could tell you that as i've gotten older ( i'm 32 ) that i've found a way to moderate this attachment mechanism . that i can regulate it and only do it in a healthy , balanced manner . but , i ... my purpose has always been helping others . i feel a deep seated need to do so . i want to be there for them and to help them through things . i feel sometimes like i'm inserted into people's lives ... i think it makes perfect sense . i pull back when i feel myself drained , too . it's a natural defense mechanism for me . sometimes , for me , it's important to tell myself , it's okay that others needs ... sometimes people like me with a strong intuition and a heavy feeling element to our personalities can seem almost otherworldly to those who are logical thinkers . you need facts to come to ... well , i added you as a friend , so you have made a new friend ! congrats ! edit : oops , forgot the rest . making friends is pretty easy for me if i just turn my intuition on and let it listen to ... you said a lot here i want to comment on , but i'll start first with the bolded part . for me , sometimes i have to worry about my needs and desires before everyone else's . it's okay for me to want ... this has happened to me on several occasions . i'm a nice , sensitive , sweet guy , but sexually , i am extremely dominant . with the right partner , i can be very aggressive and have done lots of fun ... * hugs * i could try complimenting your boobs or something . don't girls like boob compliments ? if a huge erection isn't a sign of love , then i don't know what is . dear boss , twice today you have made really stupid suggestions , both of which i have rebuffed with great arguments . you have ... sounds kinky ! i definitely do this . the truth is , i'm a happier person when the people around me are happier . it feeds something within me so i will always do it . it's an essential part of me . ... i was with a friend over the weekend and she looked at me dead on and said , you are so cute . seriously , you are totally handsome and sweet . : happy : i do it at least once a day . i have an extremely high sex drive , and if i don't orgasm regularly , i get really , really horny . like can't even think straight horny . i heard it described as getting ... sometimes my job puts completely fucked up situations in my lap with little or no way to help the people who call . obviously i can't comment on the specifics here , but it involves a homeless child ... just give him some time , but make sure you continue to show your interest for him . be very soft about it . a text or two a day , nothing pushy . he obviously likes you , he's just unsure with himself . because what if someday a patient walks in and says : well , doc , my gf is always making me feel like my tectum and tegmentum ratios aren't good enough for her . like i should have more tectum and ... dear you , i haven't seen your face or heard your voice in over 5 years , but you were in my dreams . there , i held you in my arms , and you craned your neck back to look into my eyes . then you ... '