' doll i love all the movies you listed , and this makes me think about why your tritype is one of my faves . the healing ability often attributed to the 479 might somehow benefit the 358 ? there ... abuse / abandonment can cause 8ness . it basically freezes us emotionally . thus the black and white simplicity , the overwhelming emotions and the controlling tendencies , it ´ s all symptoms of deeper ... swordsman of mana i know it ´ s been a million years since this thread got started , but if you ´ re still interested , could you tell me what you think about the 358 tritype ? i love reading your comments ... hi guys ! fionn whitehead stars in nolan ´ s dunkirk as the lead . he ´ s a newcomer and not too well media trained , so his reactions seem pretty genuine and i think i got his type just from watching ... enneagram stacking might play a bigger role than the type itself at times , like during the first-impression phase writers go to when introducing someone new . i ´ d look into the sp / sx forum for ... jensen ackles seems very 3 ( sx / sp ) to me , so certainly that must influence the character , especially on a show where the writers are known to have adapted to the performers over time . that said i ... it could be the 4ness in both of you ! enneagram tritype is super interesting , and prett simple . you can figure out your other numbers by looking at how you dealt with anger and fear in the past . haha you're welcome , i am so obsessed with gd that i'm thankful for any opportunity to think about him . a few pages earlier i also speculated about his enneagram tritype , could you give it a look ? ... i loved that episode ! yes , he was so awkward and self conscious , and i love that aspect of him ( he's the richest kpop idol after all , famous , respected ... and then that ! so contradictory ) but i don't ... can you use your current situation to benefit ou in future jobs ? in some countries you get proff for completing certain courses and you can use that as credentials , even without the full major . i ... why ? ? ? i see , sorry for assuming the latter . it makes sense to see the inablity to act in the world as weakness , i didn't think in that direction because i just don't see dead people as people anymore . they ... esfp ! what would you say his tritype is ? i see 7w6 as mentioned above and maybe 3 in the way he just accepted the praise , though his comment about my humps seems 9 ish in the way he takes the ... enneagram explorations listed him as a 872 tritype i agree with your conclusion , if anything , tragedy can be a huge booster for life will ( wether it's your tragedy or you're a witness ) . it can also give you courage , and pursuing happiness even more ... the word that came to mind was energy . sp seems to love the feeling of separateness , and placing yourself into a solitary landscape is very satisfying , you can isolate and feel just yourself . i'm sp and love to use pictures of steppes , ... idk if it can help you integrate , but 8s projectvulnerability on others , even in itegrated states , like an average 2 . you could make it a mental exercise to look for others weaknesses (8 s often scan ... hi ! i'm so thrilled about your post , since i saw your video on youtube not long ago and wanted to make a response . first of all , i will assume that you still vascillate between types . i'm an entj 8w7 ... i had it happen to me and while it doesn't hurt ( maybe ni folks get each other and less misunderstandings happen ) it would help a te dominant to talk it out once the testing is over . with a quick ... that's it you're fired : tongue : isfj : what does that smirk mean ? do you like me ? are you mocking me ? how can i get with you , the internet said it would be awesome ... esfj : you dangerousely firendly stranger you ... infj : ... entp : flirt more ( with me ;) , really , you could make a living that way . and don't voice all of your thoughts , we really want to like you . intp : answer my questions . you are perhaps the only type ... nooo ! this is so frustrating , please give me your advice ! ( and it better be as good as the entp part ! :P ) estp naturally get positive feedback from their environment because of their mastery of se ( you can see it when they move around , they can literally be hot just walking down the street or grabbing ... i have had my fair share of exteme awkwardness , social anxiety ect but am an extrovert with a prety assertive type . your unhealthy behaviour might be a sign of disintegration , or yout mbti shadow ... just on a side note , remember when he literally asked batman to hit him ? i've known 2 entp and both said they liked it hard ... :p roud : so i ship batman and the joker , you can't stop me now ! hi ! what's your tritype and instincual stacking like ? and are you sure about the intj thing ? you give off a strong fi feel , maybe because of the avatar . i types entj 8w7 tritype 874 . the tritype gets described as pretty artsy and inventive , also very bold . i don't trust those descriptions enough to doubt it based on that , but i wonder about my heart ... take an extreme scenario , like hatred , love , danger or a dreamlike reality and look at your pattern . how do you behave towards the person you love for ex ? sharing fun and exploring or protecting , ... gd seems like an entp because of his weirdness and creativity , but it seems like an enneagram influence more than ne . also , for an entp , he never uses fe , which at his age would e unikely to ... she seems like an estp to me . their fe often pushes them towards a more socially acceptable presentation , softer , more girly in her case , making her similar to a feeler at first glance . also , she can ... '