after a hiatus im back to researching nootropics . only to be disappointed that the adrafinil cant be bough irl even though its toats legal because reasons of pr . nor can i find piracetam because same ... none of those should stop you . will to power . ah , that would explain it . i work in a kitchen , so estp , esfp , esfj , estj . if we are discussing n types . infps . i know four . this i can confirm . the enfp i know , loves house parties , and ... enfps are only 5 % . keirsey says 2 % . where do you find yours ? infjs and enfjs blend in well . infjs are pretty anti-social from what i read . more concerned about the systems of people than the people ... damn , i miss being a in a relationship . urgh , i wish i could find another enfp , enfj , infj . :/ hate this redneck town . was this some meditation practice or some visual field kink i discovered ? : so im in a dark living room waiting for my entp friend so we can go out . i realize i have the time so i try to make the best ... university is a waste . most professors are j types and are more focused on research . i had to teach my self most of all my subject matter with help from others . post-secondary education is just hs ... okay so i think i had a few moments of satori since december . here is what happened . i was either at work or at a favorite restaurant of mine . out of nowhere everything became deeper adn vibrant ... mary and max ( 2009 ) - imdb saw this with my then enfp gf . she wept like a baby . and i had a hard time reigning in my fe . im persuing my second degree . bs in math . nostalgia is killing me . god , i want to go back to the late 90s early 00s and use the internet again . in the opening of the 21st century the neet problem and incel question went unanswered as millions drove them selves to suicide over their lifestyle . then like the rising sun , the crafty enterprising ... sooo im a voyeur . not in a sexual sense . like a noisy person . i shoot questions around the main topic to get people to divulge enough information for me to connects the dots . i also have numerous ... for everyone out there struggling , with life , love , emotions , frustrations and all the pressures of the human condition , you are not alone , nor will you ever be alone in the struggles , nor will they ... the salt mining was great , i think ill never have a moment like this again . ... and i like your avatar :D danke . i hate her politics but shes pretty analytical and intelligent . the abysswalker xo carpentet 810 a ... i solved the issues . if i didnt , i would have kept at my double shift work time and raked in cash for more investments . holy fucking shit ! october is not my month . why ? ! why the fuck are university bureaucrats so shit ? like why does my application say fall 2017 and not spring 2017 ? i cant register for classes because ... motherfucker ! so i was stricken from the voting records despite being registered . my dumbass governor though going electronic was best for all . i dont want to say voter suppression because this could ... pretty obvious . if i explain it then its not a joke . i didnt identify , i said me and them , im a separate entity , and so are they , in that instance and alliance was made against the left . as ... well a german would know about making special spaces wouldnt he . nah , you guys are my entertainment :) i only have one person on ignore and that was a separation agreement by order of the ... add mhysa and morty to that list . jesus , you cant read or follow for shit . my knowledge comes from from military personnel , reports and al-qaeda videos . i said to wait for the hatch to to open , you chuck a grenade in . commonly used ... we've noticed . pretty sure you implied it . i said they were useless in asymmetric , and you refused to believe it and kept expanding on it . right until the international community puts its ... for starters i said tanks are useless in asymmetric warfare , which implies cities and urban settings . leveling a city takes a long tme and is a waste of time and ordnance , two , war crimes . the ... in actual urban warfare , tanks are easily trapped in roads or blocked with hedgehogs , limited maneuverability and low visibility ranges also plague the armor . its easy to hide making the tanks spray ... tanks are useless in asymmetric warfare . ha ! i love the an-cap ones . honestly , it sounds like a great time if you're on the aspd spectrum . spanish , bitches love spanish . portuguese is neat sounding too . like your idea . but , vsats are expensive and the data is capped and you are charged for each megabyte you use , the transfer speeds are also balls . so if you do forex trading you are at a disadvantage ... thin i'll troll my co-workers who like rap with deathgrips : seriously , the more you listen the better it gets . and it goes good with everything : ... try and volunteer with local organizations , look for clubs at school , or make something up . doubt they will follow on it unlike hr does for job candidates . what will suck is when you have to ask ... okay i think i got it . the markov parallax denigrate is basically a large 2d array filled with obscene words . a parallax is the difference of angular position of two stationary points . choosing a ... fuggg i need more of a back ground in math , markov processes from a math perspective is difficult to understand . nsa , get a cs and some internships . apply for crytoanalysis department , go nyse calculate derivatives . on a related note i came here today for : claude ... he is swedish , so much of a military option . he should finish education , get his h1b and try for darpa , or any of americas premier defense contractors or university funded biological research . lol , only certain people will get this meme : motivation is difficult to maintain for me for prolonged periods . the thing is , you do have a limited energy in a day , week , month , year and so on . you do have to accept that somedays you just want ... bio engineering molecular biology software development materials science mechanical engineering with an electrical as well . hang the gays . its gods law . also the blacks . warehouse factories around my part pay 14.25 $ you could swallow you price and bust ass in the oil filed of north dakota , 50k for 3-6 months of hard labor , gas fields in ohio pay similar . of course ... thats trippy , reminds of the falling rain animation , that matrix rain . i think switzerland does what you are thinking of . you are , this has been proven to be a simulation . well im in the mason dixon line . so in comparison to say a town in nevada there would be some differences . how small are you talking about ? 500 ? 1,000 ? 5,000 ? 50,000 ? 100,000 ? i have a thing where ... i would prefer we annex canada . now is the time , you think treudeu would do anything ? 491378 i like the american fascism the best . see the above image . im curious , what is your profession ? and how did you arrive at communism as the way forward ? op das offensive bruv , ill glass ya cunt . i swear on me mum mate . its a bundle of sticks plus an axe . the word faggot didnt take on the derogatory term till many years later . so what is everybody preferred form ? national socialism national syndalism - ...