' i'm working on maintaining my ' non-processed ' foods diet . i'm working on getting past the emotional waterfall of loving someone who either does not want to or cannot love me back . i want to meet an ... cool thread . i enjoyed reading through it . disclaimer : feelings are below , but they are about the intp i know , as i see him . i've known one confirmed intp for about two years . i really do ... for the op - i think everything i thought has been addressed . i think the op meant his statements about single moms a little different than how it came off . in fact , as i was reading it i wasn't ... i think i don't mind se that much . when i'm stressed , i can go overboard with it ( usually by doing too much of something - partying , drinking , etc ) , which i don't like . but that's more on me . ... this . this so much . i really just like to come here and read what others are talking about . generally , i frequent this forum and the intp forum ; i find the topics / subject matter on those most ... december 9th - infj . you're right that it's complicated . i'm fairly positive he hasn't cleared up his sexuality situation yet , which i'm sure is additive to the complications . since i can empathize ( even relate first ... thanks for your response . nothing has really changed , which is why i should probably just follow my gut . so maybe you helped me answer my own question ! as for your other question , it didn't ... i think i'd benefit from some advice - i'll preface this with saying , the most intense and long-lasting feelings i've ever had is for an intp . the intp and i actually became friends quite in a ... i think as a type , you're really undeniable in some ways - i find the ones i know to be incredibly intelligent , passionate about the things that call their focus , and great listeners . my ... i want someone who wants me to need them , not needs me to have them . someone who can take me on adventures - mental , physical , and spiritual . i want someone who is fiercely intelligent and ... i agree with your views on this situation . to me , as i read this thread , i kept thinking , she's not that into it - she should let him down easily , but i'm honestly not sure why i feel this way . ... i don't think i've legitimately tested as an infj . it's probably because i work in finance and what i normally do in a situation does not match my knee jerk reaction to things . in terms of ... i tell you that i like you . which - perhaps obviously - does not happen often . this makes perfect sense to me - it's actually amazing to me that i am not alone in my line of thinking . thanks so much . honestly , in a word - frustrating . but it's also kind of amazing . it's basically anything but straightforward . i find myself having to rely almost completely on my gut instinct ... which says - ... i agree with this . i am an infj male and it took me a very long time to figure that out . my high school experience was me constantly trying to fit in and feeling at odds with who i am as a result ... i think that describes me to a t . i am exceedingly analytical and my mind is always playing out scenarios . but then , there are times where i just feel naked to my emotions , because they're there , ... while i've thumbed through many of the threads about intps and relationships , i was hoping you could help me understand my situation on a more specific basis , if you don't mind . long story short - ... i haven't minded being single in the past . i've been in and out of relationships ... sometimes going a while without . never quite found the right one , but i really also wasn't looking for someone ... i don't think i believe in love at first sight , but i can tell when i meet someone if they're going to be significant in some way to me . it's never failed me yet . relating to the op , your post is actually really offensive ( which i'm sure is ironic to you , but hear me out ) . this reads like you don't get black people at all . basically it reads , i'm fat and ... does he like me ? does he like me ? that kiss was amazing . most if not all babies i've encountered love me . usually it happens on the subway . they either stare , or smile , or gravitate toward me in some way . most parents ( even strangers ) are okay with it ... i don't know if i've ever felt lost , but i did find myself going through a gradual shift where i cared less about what people thought and about being the prodigal child , and i felt more attuned to ... 1 . what's your thoughts of intj as friend ? i think we'd be great friends . i have a thick skin and i actually thought i was an intj for a while . i can appreciate what they bring to things . i don't ... get out of my head ! ! ! :) oh my gosh . that's exactly what i transitioned to fairly recently - self actualization ! i'm in my later 20s . haha ! this post speaks to me . it depends . when it comes to people - if i am attracted / care , i am very observant . if not , not really . when it comes to directions / spatial considerations , very poor . in fact , i think i'm a ... immature people using fe . fi more generally . my best female friend is an infj . she's more introverted , intuitive , feeling , and we're probably equal judgers . my best male friend is an ixfp . i think he's an s , but he has some n qualities too , ... i made a mental note to go through this thread , so i will at some point . the topic kind of spoke to me ( it was something i'd been thinking about ) , so i just wanted to add my two cents without ... i think the fe part is why i sometimes question if i am infj vs . intj . i'm still trying to find out if i have really great fe or really poor fe . i think i'm good at using fe because i can realize ... i did very well scholastically . but for me , it's easily explained - i'm intelligent , but i don't think of myself of a genius or anything . i may be smarter than i think i am , but i can pick up ... i'm not particularly anxious . at least , not when there's isn't a reason to be . i fear very little . i think anxiety is nature / nurture ( probably more nature than nurture ) , but i wouldn't ascribe it ... 1 . how important is receiving affirmation in your romantic relationships ? it's important . i want to know what i'm doing right and what i can improve upon , if anything . i'm used to being in the ... i suspect this is more of an enneagram issue than an infj one . the reason i say this is because i'm pretty hard as nails on the surface and no one ever really accuses me of being too sensitive . i ... it will be hard for me to ever date an enfj again . i'm not saying it won't happen , but i know a few who have typed as such and things always go sour . and it's always because of intentional or ... when i was younger , i partook in the family presents stuff . nowadays , christmas is nice because while most people are with their families / other people , i can get a day to myself . it sounds ... i got a 94 ... surprised it was that high ... said by my bosses : you are too hard on yourself . said by my best friend : you are the most determined person i've ever met . said by co-workers : you always look so serious . said by most ... yes ! i always identified with kenshin as a kid ... and i wasn't actually huge on anime , but i bought that on dvd because i loved it so much . i think kenshin is a total infj , but actually it was on my ... i actually prefer it if someone else is the direct leader , but the leader comes to me for advice / consultation before making decisions . it's basically behind-the-scenes influence . but actually , i'm ... i've had people ( male and female ) profess their love for me , but i've always known that they love who they think i am , which turns me off . it's very complicated because just as the person is most ... definitely much more of a flirt . guys , girls ... it doesn't matter . i can be pretty closed off when sober , but when i'm drunk that all goes away . oh ... and much less picky . i can be selective with ... like the description on personalitycafe , i'm able to get over a relationship pretty easily if i'm sure it's over . there's one who i fell in love with that i am not over . we broke it off over a ... i am a natural leader in that i am not a follower ( or beta male , if you will ) , and once i set my mind to something , i will get it done . if the venture requires others to contribute , then i can ... i hope to be well on my way to happiness and also maximizing on some personal milestones : ( 1 ) being a home ( condo ) owner ( 2 ) going to either asia or africa ( or both ) ( 3 ) being successful at ... i'm traditionally masculine . i'm not hyper-masculine but i like guy things , i converse like a male , my mannerisms are male . no one typically knows i am bisexual and have a boyfriend unless i tell ... no . not in the sense that we are governed by some sort of omnipotent being , or whatever organized religion dictates these days . '