' started with a ' 74 volkswagen super beetle . it got wrecked ( wasn't my fault ) , so i bought a lowered ' 88 s - 10 blazer then a ' 91 ford festiva which i drove into a flooded street and ruined the engine ... welcome . i have also been wondering lately if i might have aspergers . many aspergian traits can be exhibited through my actions , but i'd rather not jump to conclusions just yet . i think being an ... animal cruelty . i cannot watch videos of animals being abused . children with abusive parents , bullies etc . hachi , a dog's tale ( the movie ) the thought of my parents someday dying women with ... at times it's lonely not having anyone to go home to . on the flip-side , i'm overhearing the 20 - something year old cleaning girl at work who has has four kids of her own arguing over her phone , ... this planet is over-populated with humans as it is . not to mention we have already entered into the first stages of idiocracy due to stupid people breeding like crazy with little , to no natural ... i weighed 280 lbs at my fattest . i was maybe 20-21 years old . lots of running and a huge reduction of my sugar intake ( stopped drinking sugary soda ) helped me get down to 174 . i kept it there for ... 17 macbook pro and a 2005 liquid cooled sony vaio desktop pc which has been upgraded to windows 7 . the pc is hidden in my furnace room and runs as a htpc for my tv . for as old as it is , that ... i found it became easier to understand the fundamental reasonings behind peoples ' actions after learning some basic psychology and mbti . never cried at a funeral . i did , however joke with my step sister about the possibility of her own grandmother rolling down this steep driveway of the funeral home & into busy traffic if the ... it wasn't that she believed it , she was angry that i would say such a mean thing about canadians . she was french so we all know how lame their sense or humor is ( e . g . , mimes ! ) . i was joking once that canada wasn't a real country and my at the time esfj girlfriend freaked out about it . her emotions always came before logic had a chance to kick in . i'm pretty good at having little to no tact when i do decide to speak out against some sort of wrong-doing , or when correcting somebody if i know i'm right . i'll argue my point until the other person ... my own intp sister has stood me up . we were supposed to have coffee and here i am , an hour later still sitting by myself . hanging out with somebody you don't know well yet can feel intimidating . speaking in front of an audience . going to parties or dances . trying to compete with extroverts who talk too much during a ... it's one of those nights again . i am lying in bed staring at the ceiling and my brain will not shut off . so frustrating ! sweet red wine makes a good sleep aid . if i had the ability to focus on anything for more than a few mere moments , i feel as if i could be a genius . earlier this year i was taking st johns wort to see if it might help lift my mood since i was going through a rough time in my life . unbeknownst to me was that st johns wort can cause extremely vivid ... i don't need caffeine to stay up late , but i sure need it in the morning ! the 16oz french press i use to make my coffee is usually adequate to get me through the day . i used to drink more , but i ... being an intp type is no excuse for being a douche who plays video games all day . that is not an intp problem ; it's a personal problem . sounds to me like he needs to grow up , mature , and take the ... i absolutely love being up in the morning ( once i actually get up ) . problem is , i feel as though my internal clock is about 26 hours instead of 24 . it is difficult for me to be totally bored and have absolutely nothing to do . granted , there are times when what i'm doing isn't all that exciting , but i am almost never bored . just find ... today i felt like a junkie who was clean for months but just couldn't hold out any longer . i bought coffee today and it was amazing ! caffeine high - oh , how i missed you ! watched the art of getting by tonight and wow ! the main character in this movie is a total intp ! i have been lucky enough in my little intp life to have met some aggressive , go-getter type girls . otherwise , i would also be in the ' almost thirty and never had a girlfriend ' club . it's practically ... i have had some hard crushes in my life , but never thought of it as being in love . honestly , i don't even know if i am capable of experiencing such an emotion as crazy as it sounds . even though i'm ... i tried the clarinet when i was about nine years old . my interest lasted all but two weeks . haven't tried any musical instrument since . not sure about other types , but i for one cannot lie without feeling ( and therefore looking ) guilty when i try . most often , i will either keep my mouth shut , try to change the subject or simply ... i am playing this game where i keep a tennis ball under my feet while the dog tries to get it . the ultimate test of this game is to see how much pain i can endure when the dog starts scratching at my ... all the lights in my house have been converted to led . so actually , i solved the problem of screwing in a lightbulb for at least 20-30 years . i need to do my taxes , but this year is going to be more complicated . maybe if i ignore it long enough it'll go away ... on second thought , who needs a lightbulb when i can use the camera led on my iphone to illuminate the way ? lightbulbs are overrated . as usual , i started off wanting a simple and cheap hybrid commuter bicycle . but cheap products whichever they may be , always disappoint me in the end . $ 250 quickly became $ 500 . and even the $ 500 bike ... i'm a guy , and being friends with girls is not that difficult for me . i can recognize sexual tension at times with women i find attractive , but this has rarely ( if ever ) had a negative impact between ... in my case , just one . the question to ask is : how long does it take an intp to screw in a lightbulb ? and the answer to that question ? 3-6 months . i just watched the modernism of julius shulman . a fantastic documentary of the photographer julius shulman who took some of the greatest photos of the modernist architectural era . i signed up for a dating site about two weeks ago . still haven't made a profile yet . the thought of coming up with shit to say about myself kind of made me lose interest in finishing it ! lol they need constant emotional validation and enjoy having get-togethers , parties etc . where they get to do all the organization and prep work . the girl esfj who i dated was incredibly sweet and ... wow . i never knew having women friends was such a waste of my time . all the conversations , activities and friendships with these girls were all for nothing . i feel so cheated ! hurry , bring me some ... helped mom join facebook today . i'm not real happy about it either since this means she will be asking me shit about it constantly for the next year or so . i know it's selfish of me to say that , but ... that would explain why itunes didn't recognize the iphone as ever being synced to it before . glad everything is working ! oh . disregard my previous post . congrats ! i assume you and your hubby use two different computers ? when itunes detects a device ( his iphone ) which has not been synced before to the computer it's hooked up to , your only option there is to ... this girl was not meant to be . move on . i agree with everyone else . don't write crazy letters to girls you hardly know . hell , even if you do know them , writing a lengthy , spill your heart out ... i had this freaky dream about aliens in the hallway outside my bedroom as well as in the dining room and office last night . even the thought of being abducted by aliens has always scared the shit out ... mornings : wake up , go back to sleep . wake up , go back to sleep again . wake up to whiny dog wanting to go outside , i finally get out of bed to let him out . after this i procrastinate by watching tv , ... i do this all the time when i am out in a public area and people watching . i make assessments about a person's personality and try to put myself into their state of mind based on their facial ... i used to take compliments critically and oftentimes with a grain of salt . the idea in my head was most always that i could somehow improve upon what i've done and that being payed a compliment by ... that's funny . i bought a house a few months back . the previous owner's young daughter of course had the brightest effing color of yellow walls i had ever seen in her bedroom ! once i moved in , the ... at the moment , success would have to be the acceptance from those who you care about and knowing it to be real . i would also define success as being truly comfortable with who you are ; not giving a ... '