' these are all very interesting and basically valid ideas . i relate to a lot of it . i guess my original question ( or one of them , anyways ) remains unanswered : where does it say , in any of the ... i'm surprised people are saying zen doesn't have to do with hard reality , senses , etc . that is , in some ways , all it has to do with . using the sense doors ( sight , sound , touch , smell , taste , mind ) to ... zen believes in no-self , so ... it would probably not find this question relevant and / or it would be seen as being attached too much to a mind object :) thanks for your thoughts , folks ! i could not agree more . reading about the enneagram has helped me so much . i hear what you're saying , but the point is , peter myers-briggs wrote this and said it was true in the seminal text of the mbti , gifts differing . i am still looking for a source as to how it came ... interesting , and i have similar experiences--the older i get , the more aware i am of the need to incorporate thinking and sensing more ... especially sensing , as i tend to be really unaware of my body ... hi , everyone . is it possible to change or morph types as you get older ? common wisdom seems to say no . but even carl jung wrote in psychological types that type isn't absolute and that ... nobody would be able to confirm a celebrity's type except that person themselves ... those typing websites are sometimes way off . if you're looking to type celebrities for fun , and to learn more , read ... most of the things you've described seem very entp . if anything some of what you've said ( the risk-taking stuff ) seems estp . in what ways would you be an entj ? maybe you are getting your ... can you give more details ? i'm really curious . i usually tend to think of comedians as more likely to have n ( basically because of the quickness of mind it takes to be a comedian ... usually ... ) but sometimes i think s as well for schumer ... enfp is interesting for amy . can you explain ? i don't see her as being super positive and light the way i see other enfps , yet not as heady as entps . as for trevor , yes , i agree it was a surprising ... in this system , feeling does not equal emotional states ; it equals subjective values . thinking does not refer to logic or rationality ; it refers to objective systems . subjectivity and ... like many people , i've been interested in trevor noah , amy schumer , and other young-ish comedians lately and am curious about their types . a lot of comedians in the usa these days are entp but ... well said . and even rational versus irrational should be clearly defined when speaking of them in the context of mbti , because they are culturally loaded words and did not necessarily mean the ... i just want to mention one thing , and i'm not sure if someone mentioned it already because i couldn't go through all the comments . the mbti and enneagram shouldn't be lumped in with sloan , mmpi , or ... intellect and intelligence don't have to do with type . thinkers can be dumb and feelers can be geniuses and vice versa . some of the dumbest , least intellectual people i know are thinkers and some of ... i don't think he is entp ... he is associated with other comedians like jon stewart who clearly are , but his playful energy has a different vibe , especially when you see him not in character . he is ... i don't know for sure , but i feel like at least some of this has to be age ... seventeen is objectively young , and it's perfectly normal for all adolescents ( if we're considering the fact that ... fascinating--thank you . for the enfjs i know , one is really decisive and opinionated , and extremely extroverted in a classic sense ( thrives on social contact , etc . ) she is an eight and can come ... whoa , your avatar is nuts . ( in a good way . ) intp ? bending the brain / mind . interesting that so many people here seem to be n haha , not entirely sure what that means but it sounds like a good thing :) oh , and bowie--duh . i knew that face looked familiar ! hi , all . so , i understand the similarities and differences between infj and enfj on paper and in theory , but i'm curious about real life examples and imagining it in action . i'm personally close ... blackfandango , i love your pic . i can't quite call to mind who that is . seems potentially infp dark / authenticity vibe . even though some infps i meet are pretty childlike / charming , i've also met some ... i take that as a compliment ! i highly doubt i could be an isfp , but i wish , because i always think , they're such a ' cool ' type i'll do both of you ... rosemist , i'm not so good at this , so it's a complete longshot . i'd immediately thought enfp but only because of all your emphasis and emoticons , which suggest a certain ... ha . okay . well , my observation of these folks isn't wrong persay ( as it's confirmed by their own accounts of their minds / experience and they are definitely enfps ) , but i definitely appreciate the ... i don't personally know any enfps who seem like introverts ... i've never heard that before ... the ones i know are some of the most upbeat , social , extraverted people who gain tons of energy from ... also , i'm a big fan of the personality hacker youtube channel and how well they get at the gist of the types : is there any chance you could take the real test through your job , school , career center , etc ? i found that to be really helpful . i also found that reading jungian texts on the functions was ... can i just say , thank you for this post . it is incredibly insightful , interesting , and helpful to read . i think all types end up seeming a bit nine-ish when they are very very healthy ( enlightened ! ! ) but i'm pretty sure the buddha was a 5 . this might not make sense on the surface in some ways , but i've ... interesting ... i've heard it said that jesus was infp ... the sort of reluctant hero bleeding heart archetype ... and things get pretty complicated when you read about the beginning of buddha's life and ... lol ! see , i can't really see that ... if you read and study the stories and texts , it's all about these huge picture intuitions and constant searching for intangible things ... i can't see how he would ... for those of you who know a bit about buddhism and the dharma , i'm very curious to hear your thoughts on what the buddha's mbti might have been . ( obviously this is a bit of a thought experiment , as ... i could see trump as entj , he's nothing if not a diabolical mastermind ( i mean no offense to entjs ... just thinking in terms of extremes here ) i find the personality hacker youtube page type descriptions very helpful . they do a great job of explaining what estp and istp are . i probably won't explain it as well so you should check that ... amy winehouse often typed as estp--almost absurd . if one actually knows anything about her beyond media stereotype , they will see very quickly this is not true . i recommend the new amy documentary if ... yes ! i am so psyched you shared . your energy , eye movements , speaking patterns , etc . remind me of my own when i go back and look at my vids ( or maybe i'm just projecting because you ... thanks ! i've heard this about infjs and staring / seeming distant / a weird coolness ... people tell me things like that about myself , and it's something i don't realize at all . i am also a bit notorious for not ... thank you ! one thing i think i've noticed with ni types is a tendency to look around as if they are searching for the answer to something . other than that , i'm not sure . i'm not a big fan of ... ahh ... i see . after some very , very deep digging i was able to find some semblance of an infj video thread , but it had hardly any vids in it . thank you for your kind words ! ( um , re-watching my own vids after having not watched them in a while is a little overwhelming . am i really that boring and slow ? i feel so loud and overwhelming in my own head . omg ! anyways , feel ... very helpful val 37 , thank you . actually just came upon barracuda 57 yesterday , so that's a nice coincidence . will check out amelia . so interesting about the eyes--what do you think it is , exactly ? is ... it's not black and white--the enneagram and mbti do have overlap that is worth looking at . in other ways they do not overlap . both pieces of this are interesting to look at and can help us learn ... love the dog ! what mbti or enneagram type do you think he / she is ? :) okay ... i don't know if this is the right answer , but ... you might want to keep all the options in your head for a while ... for a few years , perhaps . when i was 16 , i knew i was an nf ( well , i knew that ... i'm not , but i'm very interested in hearing more about this and seeing people's responses to this thread . while most fours are probably nf types , it doesn't seem impossible to me that they might ... '