' i don't mean to be offensive at all , this is simply my experience in life . i'm very guilty of dropping people online , it's mean and a selfish infj tendency . not sure why it's hard to give a ... enfj ( mom ) + istp ( dad ) = infj ( me ) , intj ( older brother ) infj ( maternal grandmother ) + estp ( maternal grandfather )= enfj ( mom ) , estj ( uncle ) , entp ( uncle infp ( paternal grandmother ) + entj ... best : entp worst : intp the intp relationship wasn't all that bad , but i've just had two and the entp was inarguably better . i'm really surprised to see all the istp responses on here . i have ... so fascinating to get to read ops story and everyone else's response ! i only have one experience that is like this . when i was young i had a great grandmother i was very close to , i saw her nearly ... this is solely an observation from my life experiences , but many of the male enfps i know had their fathers walk out on them from an early age . has anyone else noticed something like this ? just ... xnfp dear entp oh god you could really hurt me if you wanted to ... this whole thing feels so shallow and fragile like a soap-bubble frozen in air , quickly falling back to earth . i don't want another ... hello ! i thought this would be a good place to place this thread . for some background information , both my girlfriend and i ( we are both girls ) are freshmen in high school , she is an entp and i am ... precognition huh ? these are great , i agree with almost all of them except for enfp - i think they could've done better there . thanks for sharing ! i just finished reading prisoners of childhood by alice miller , which was amazing . i'll probably post again here later when i'm more inspired infj 13 ( i know i'm a baby ) i want to make the most out of life , to just take in this wonderful experience called existing . for a science project i had everyone take the mbti in my grade as data for some other stuff i can explain but don't feel like right now . and most all of the popular kids in my grades were actually ... this is interesting , do you mean a re-make mbti or a whole new one ? i'm guessing the latter . something along the lines of : do you like black liquorice what's more important how you see ... lucy ( lucia ) from the ghost and ms . muir . i doubt we share the same type ( she's probably an intp or infp ) , but i can relate to her a lot 275514 jonah from how to say goodbye in robot “ but why ? why ... i've experienced some more minor forms of add , but not adhd . it mainly results with me going off into my own little world / thoughts for sometimes up to 30 minutes , and i have some hyper-stimulation ... this sounds a lot like me . at first i feel a strangely large amount of guilt , which then turns over into me analyzing why they were angry as well as the overall maturity of the person blaming me . favorite movie : the ghost and mrs . muir favorite tv show : poirot favorite book : how to say goodbye in robot mainly because society formed them to be . when we were little we were given dolls and told to care for them , so after a while that's what seems most natural . i don't remember once when i was little ... this is most likely a j / p thing . isn't one of the questions on the test whether your workplace is messy or not ? anyway my room is normally pretty tidy , i make sure to clean it a lot and having it ... like with any type i think it's important to first rule out which you love more . i mean this is your life here and you should choose a job you actually like because at the end of the day that's what ... light blue eyes : infj : mellow : infj female most : intj , intp , istp , infj ( 4 ? ) least : estj , esfp , esfj , isfp note : most of my friends are sensors so these are just sterotypes ! how people feel and act towards me : i'd say that i'm normally very untrusting in the ways that people act towards me . for example if someone says they like my hair , i'd always second guess wether ... i've been listening to this for the past 3 hours : blushed : 241202 i was thinking the other day about how an istp and enfj would get along . both my father and mother are ones and it works out very well . does anyone else have any ideas on the pairing ? :p roud : i would never want to change my type but if i'd have to i'd change to intj or istp . : tongue : probably being an emotional sponge ( feeling what everyone else is ) . also our strange thing against conflict , i honestly can't even stand to be near most arguments it's dreadful ! no , my point wasn't being that wow even though i think i'm better than you , you should still adore me because i've been nice to ever living thing at least 10 times . but that normally others ... so i've been wondering if superiorty complexes and type are related ! i kind of have one ( but i don't flaunt about it like narcissists do ) and i was wondering what types also think they're generally ... i think that this is probably true , and is also a general thing between p and j types . the only infp i know in real life is my friend's mom , so i can't say much about infp peer-presure but with ... first of all this is amazing ! i don't see much here i don't agree with . the thing with intj's being the most feeling thinkers made giggle but it makes sense . estp : b - ) estj : $ _ $ esfp : owo esfj : ' u ' istp : >:P istj : 0_0 isfp : ( ouo ) / isfj : . 3 . estp : drops his 200 pound weight set on himself and has too much pride to ask for help . estj : cant find a perfect mix of socializing and work , and explodes . esfp : breaks their jaw from talking so ... i can totally empathize with you . i feel like in a way mbti gives someone less of a character instead of more of one . this is wonderful ! fits so well . hmm , i've only gotten to see it once . i'm pretty sure she makes sure to talk to him a lot and not let him go socially , but she never gave him any big hints . anyway it seems obvious that he likes you ... i'm not an istj but i have a friend who's one , from your description he must pretty much like you - - istjs can actually be very tender creatures don't go breaking his heart ! good luck ! : wink : enfp :p roud : estp : you get things done in a group while managing to keep things lively . estj : you make me feel good about myself ( jk ! ) you guys are always down to earth and i feel like i got a lot accomplished ... ^ ^ yes i've seen a lot of infj or inxx in general around here , even though we're supposed to be rare . probably just the types that are into mbti the most ! dear isfj friend , i feel like literally whatever i say will offend you . i don't know how to change you or if i even want to , you're beautiful , amazing and i love you . sincerely , infj i think self-esteem has nothing to do with this whatsoever . most of my introverted friends have much higher self-esteem than my extroverted friends . mainly because we get to know ourselves other than ... so my brother is an intj and my father is an istp , they seem to get well together fine but i don't know if it's like this for all intjs and istps , any insight ? : happy : nf , in is a very close second though . maybe istp or inxj things that keep me up at night : 1 ) irrational fears like , there is someone in my closet , psychopaths , and worst of all stuart little 2 ) there is something i have to do that's extremely important ... i want two kids ( most likely because i come from a family that had two kids but i'm not sure ) . i'll most likely adopt , not because i'm scared of pregnancy , but because i wont love the child more if ... wow what if ? what if it didn't matter intp ! maybe intj and intp . not really sure why but i think it has something to do about how most people think that they're totally cold but really they're not ( in a way ) . so people often times say mean ... '