' good job ! william i am ! ! ! yes to both . self-interest and selflessness is seen in both human and animal behavior which would lead one to believe that it's inherent . philosophically , it's a bit more convoluted and is mainly ... . i have a good feeling that it is only a transitional phase and that it's something you'll grow out of . it was either calling it ruds or uds so i went with ruds . :p besides , that wasn't my point . my point was that you're experiencing something that's only temporary . the problem should disappear ... well , i think what you have is reverse ugly duckling syndrome . dealing with people will become easier as you grow older . :) oh my gawd , you're welcome ! hahahah . :D well that's good . i honestly don't think you should worry about it , people probably just say stuff like that to you because they think they can get away with it which is kind of true since it does ... sounds like problems . :p a lot of people have to put up with double standards and it sucks but that's life . maybe you should just learn to ignore people like that because they obviously are ... hahah , awww . that's no good ! i once had a debate with someone on a street corner who was decrying that the world was going to end soon . he ended up ignoring me and my arguments to continue ... ... holy carp ! : shocked : hahahahahah ! ! ! : laughing : you go ! : tongue : i was joking to maybe get you to smile . :p in my experience , people who say that kind of stuff are only trying to brighten your day and maybe get you to consider going to church if you don't ... ... that oughta teach jesus for trying to love you . nice instinctual response , btw . my first instinct in response to niceness is to also flip them off . xd i'm kidding but that response just ... i'm not really a computer enthusiast per se and even if i were i much prefer amd , but strangely reading this makes me happy . well then i guess the world will never know . :'( i was thinking about joining the church . religion has always been a centerpiece of my life and i wish to be a man of god . people would be so much better off if god ruled their lives ! ^ - - ... sorry to inconvenience you but i really need to talk about my feelings . welcome to perc ! so ... what kind of underwear are you ? i am so curious now . what're the reasons ? i mean , i don't want to pry but the curiosity is getting the better of me . are the reasons stupid or just more irrational than what you're used to ? :p ... well that is what i meant . like , if someone you just met does something that annoys you but you try not to judge or dismiss them too quickly because you like to keep an open mind about the person . ... i'm going to go with subconscious interest / desire then . it could be how the person acts or maybe has to do with intent . i find with some people , joking around and playing pranks on one other can seem perfectly innocent and playful . while with others the ... well , it's pretty clear what you think and how you feel about this person are at odds with one another . maybe you were struck with puppy love when you were around them and that let you overlook ... well then you have your answer . well , i guess it depends on how you tease and poke fun at others . when i do it or have someone to it to me , it's usually to poke at a person's vulnerability . ... sure . i'm going by definitions . an egotistical person is someone who believes that they're better than others because of their own talents and abilities . it's an outward projection of who you ... topographical map : lab mbti approximation : * * t * archetype : technician the test should probably be longer . having an ego is just messing around and as long as it isn't too obnoxious then it's healthy self-esteem . having a huge ego because you feel threatened is bordering on narcissism and if left ... selling vacuum cleaners door-to-door ? that sounds like selling to a bunch of lonely old people . if you like chatting it up with old people who probably haven't talked to a young person in years and ... logical tan and yellow . so what color is logical tan ? it sounds like a made up color . second time around was yellow then orange . no offense but you should really try following some of your own advice . :p as for the op , i don't really understand the premise of your post . it almost seems like you're just gossiping and no , i ... the test was okay . i actually scored extp but i gave the tie-breaker to estp since i'm not really an ne user outside of work . e = 14 ; i = 08 s = 12 ; n = 10 t = 16 ; f = 06 j = 06 ; p = 16 i didn't say it was a winner , i was saying it's the only previous generation console that wasn't a waste of money . i think all three failed in very significant ways that prevent me from saying any ... i thought all of the previous generation consoles were losers for different reasons and a waste of money except for the 360 if didn't get the rrod , which is a big if . hm . infp . a few combinations off the top of my head : infj 8w7 entj 9 entp 2 infp 3w2 ( although 3w4 wouldn't be too uncommon , imo ) ack , i meant to write , well , at least you're not in jail for anything ... lately i've been writing things that i don't mean at all but yeah , that does seem ironic in a really negative way . ... powershell - so you're barred from canada for another 6 years ? ouch . well at least you're in jail for anything and if you were visiting family you could have them come visit you instead . how's ... so like treebob was asking , canada won't let people from the us enter in if they have non-criminal traffic fines ? i could understand denying people with felony or misdemeanor traffic offenses but ... many states don't allow non-felony traffic violations to be considered at all when looking at a person's record . reason being is many counties have traffic laws that're designed to increase revenue ... the true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good . - samuel johnson i like it because it's true . sure , nice guys can win x97 if they're nice guys with a lot ... that would depend heavily on what your employer values . typically someone who if fresh out of college lacks in experience but doesn't have set preconceived notions of what is true . while in some ... i'm not making any assumptions . in terms of time spent compared to how much time a degree is worth , it's more efficient to acquire a degree and start off at a minimum level versus forging the degree ... there are a few technical jobs out there that don't require a degree but having a degree certainly helps . for instance , ge frequently hires technicians who may or may not have a degree . for people ... - i think recent trends indicate that the users arguing with you are still correct and that you're still in the minority when it comes to degree holders vs non-degree holders and ... i accept the idea of sexy-cute and i change my vote to that . sexy cuteness ftw ! :p roud : welcome to perc ! enjoy your stay and hopefully you'll learn a lot more about yourself and others . probably not but at least you'll likely have some fun at least ! also , i like your username . i definitely prefer cute women to sexy . i've had that preference for as long as i can remember . to me : cute = a happy personality ; retaining a sense of innocence about themselves . basically ... it's fantasy . i would think ne types would be rather bungling at committing a crime . using a bullet made out of ice fired from a pistol or compressed air rifle . i would never advocate murder but that is a stylish way to operate . * reads op . * * shakes head then continues about his way . * i guess some people actually fantasize about this . welcome ! you can click on my : | face below my username to find out my type , if you want . :) '