' dear enfj , i can't relate to wishy-washy . you're inability to make a decision and stick with it makes me crazy because i do this naturally and with little effort . i don't need to ask everybody ... i'm an istp woman engaged to an esfj man . we were in love as teenagers and reunited after almost 30 years . i had many relationships in between and none had the level of passion , caring and ... congratulations ! it takes guts to start over . i did it a bunch when i was younger . now i think about leaving my job every day , but then i think about how much i'd hate to have to look for another one ... i think i've over-isolated myself for too long . suddenly , i feel like i need adventure and new experiences . it sure is expensive to have a life . now i understand why my out-going type friends are ... i'm gagging on feelings . they're pressing against my throat and making my cheeks ache . i keep trying to push them away , back into the corner of my soul where they usually lie dormant , but they ... you can be at a convention with twenty thousand people and don't bother making eye contact with even 1 of them . oh and you crank your ipod up so you don't have to hear them either . the things i do ... i hate going back to places i lived a long time ago . it stirs my emotions and challenges my never look back stance . regret is an evil bitch that sucks your soul dry . went to denver comic-con today . it's all fun and games until someone's balls get split in half by their too tight spandex cat-suit . :d ry : i'd plan my annual visit to grandma and her vast farmland and gun collection for purge night . camping in the middle of thousands of acres of wheat fields is like being invisible . the bear has always been my animal spirit and it's a pretty close fit here . i'm quiet when feel shy or can't be bothered to participate , but those who know better would say i'm a talker . i'm gentle ... doughnuts are evil : tongue : code red mountain dew is my crack in a can you didn't hear it from me . ( heavily used by the biggest of gossips ) deep down , he / she is a good person . ( i guess they're just an asshole on the outside ) x-men : days of future past was so damn good that i might just have to go see it again . the sarcastic reference is to the general happily ever after , perfect life fairytale that so many seek and so few achieve . i just saw the new godzilla movie . it was an interesting twist on a story that has been told many times . the special effects are decent . it's worth a watch . dear infp , for the sensitive , caring type ... you sure can be a selfish ass . you're so focused on you , that you don't even realize that you've been rude and cruel until someone blatantly states it ... it really annoys me when they cancel a show after the season has already ended and there is no chance to wrap it up . they leave you with some forever unanswered cliff-hanger that makes having watched ... why do people ask questions that they don't really want the answer to ? do those pants make you look fat ? well , you're fat , so you can't really blame the pants , but , yes , they do . do i think they're ... dear istp , i shop for the food , pay for it , load it into the car , put it away , cook it - and you have the nerve to complain when i ask you to help carry it in from the car ? you better jump start ... ha ! if her life was a sitcom it would be called needy in cleveland . being a parent is the hardest job in the world . i always thought i'd be strict and take no crap , but it is so much easier said than done ! i've wasted the whole morning doing nothing worthwhile . it's amazing how much time one can spend just f'ing around on the internet ! dear isfj , i can't believe it bothers you a whole year later that someone liked my gift better than yours and that you have a plan to outdo me this year . it was a small gift that i picked up at ... my brother is my best friend . we can talk forever about everything and anything . he knows me as well as anyone possibly could . our activities vary . he's an infp and is always onto his next obsession ... i really want to make a big life change . a new city , new job , new scenery ... too bad i'm such a procrastinator . i'll think about it for 5-10 years and then will decide it's too much effort to pack ... what screws us up most in life is the picture in our head of how it is supposed to be . obviously , you've mistaken me for someone who gives a shit . the one you love and the one that loves you are ... i fell off the wagon today . damn dsw & their $ 20 off coupon ! a pair of blue suede boots , mint green sandals & black smoking slippers with white skulls later , and i was flooded with endorphins . the ... there are some really great ideas in a book called how full is your bucket . it speaks to focusing on strengths and building in those areas , rather than the common approach ( especially at school ) of ... i took an iq test in school when i was 9 and qualified for a gifted program . the test included things like how quickly i could fit shapes into the right slot . we had a game almost like it at home , so ... someone just thanked me for being so calm over their major screw up at work . calm and logical is my general nature . in this case , i was furious and cussing like a mad woman in my head . he clearly ... me too eeewww moment of the day . you're welcome . : wink : 94476 i have a list like that . mine also includes a few people who always wait until last to pitch-in , so they can use part of the generous tip others have left to finance their meal . my grandma tips $ 2 or ... lmao ! i've been known to buy new stuff to avoid laundry . yet even with a 100 pairs of socks to my name , i couldn't find 2 clean ones that matched this morning . i'm lucky it was uggs weather ! 94312 94282 yup , me too . every time i see miley cyrus stick out her white-coated tongue , i want to say , no thanks , i use toilet paper . : tongue : delivering the weather on the local news is the only job in the world where you can screw up 80 % of the time and still be employed . those old school wrangler jeans with the w on the pocket that make a man's ass look all flat and square . turn to the front and you get full on ball camel toe . it actually looks painful ! just say no ... i suggest that you keep it simple . ply him with liquor and try to get through his walls to his true fantasies . it won't be easy . he might be afraid you'll judge him . you should reveal something 1st , ... this hilarious video is my virtual working world to a tee . all of the things you see happen regularly on teleconferences and are fairly acceptable . i have a whole new view point on it now ! laughed my ... i used to pack the house . i'd have an extra suitcase just for my shoes . a couple of times i had to pay extra because my bag weighed more than the allotted 50 lbs . getting through the airport was such ... dear fellow istp - man , you can be a dick ! very few people can get under my skin the way you do . it's a good thing that you're such a big mf and i love you , because some days i want to make you taste ... : tongue : charlie , can you hear me ? some days my laziness costs me a fortune . sure i could run and pick up milk myself , but my kid will do it for $ 20 . i tried to bargain the price down , but he knew just how much i don't want to have to ... thanks for the inspiration ! i'm going to go for it ! : cool : reality bites ! all i want to do is write my fiction novels . the real world and my real job bore me to death . maybe i could get published & make a living at it ... but that would require going back and ... [ quote = nubb ; 4530299 ] coming from abusive parents , this . interesting assumption . perhaps i should have mentioned that the driving force behind comment is that i was my 3rd episode of the steve ... '