' once i'm in one , i love it . when i'm in a relationship with someone i really enjoy being around , my life is great . when i'm single , not so much . i just have trouble actually getting into said ... most of the time : yes . on an average day , i probably won't feel any emotions . indifference is just kind of a normal thing for me . this isn't always true , though . a few years ago when i was ... i used to do it back in high school sometimes . i rarely did it on tests , but i would copy other peoples homework all the time because i knew how to do the material , i was just too lazy to do it . ... i'm not overly neat or organized . i usually keep stuff in general areas , but i'm not afraid to let stuff just lay around in rooms . i don't bother making my bed or reorganizing anything more than ... i wasn't really too big into music before 7th grade . i had a few linkin park songs i had heard on the radio driving to school , but that was about it . then i started listening to system of a down in ... mindgamess , you understood exactly what i was trying to say with my post . i agree with you 100 % that fwb are better than one night stands . overall , i really don't like the idea of either of the things this thread is about . it seems like a waste of time if i don't see any future with her . i'm looking for a girl that i can spend my life ... a classic song . excuse the eyes . the sun was bright . i'm a terrible actor and i hate acting . its just so unnatural and to be quite honest , embarrassing . i'm not the character , nor can i portray them correctly . i'd rather be me . terribly so . i'm constantly doing things that remind me of my past . for example , something as simple as playing pokemon red / blue will take me back to elementary school . sitting in my friends ... 1 . it means that he at least enjoys talking to you at the very least . which is always a good sign . 2 . sure . i'm completely open to long distance relationships and long as my partner is as ... i don't mind when people want to help me out some when i'm sick . i just don't like when people start to make a big deal out of it . usually i'm taking the sickness in stride and my parents are ... package handler at fedex ground fits the bill pretty well . you either load trailers with packages or you unload the packages from a trailer for 4-5 hours . it's usually just you in a trailer , so ... on an average day , i usually think about these things at least once : - something else i'd rather be doing - things i'd be doing if i had a large sum of money - things i'd like to do if i lived in ... i eat a fairly small variety of foods that i eat . i have anywhere from 5-15 different things i eat for each meal . my parents are constantly saying we're in a food rut . what should we eat for ... from guys ? i don't care for them . from women ? love them . i really don't care much for facebook . i've always found it to be pretty boring and mostly useless . i used to enjoy using myspace quite a bit before everyone jumped ship over to facebook . really ... i think it's just odd and creepy in general when guys approach random women and start hitting on them . i could never imagine doing that . where would you live ? probably in oregon ( where i've lived all my life ) . possibly scandinavia because i like the cold and they have great metal over there . i'd have to visit finland or norway ... i couldn't tell you if i was istj or not , but i do know that i have a lot of istj traits . as for why i have long hair - it's just what i've always thought looked good on both genders . when i was ... the chorus of this song has been stuck in my head all day . the harsh vocals on the chorus are perfect . i've been away for quite a while because of school . i saw that i was mentioned in this post and i'm a bit confused about the content in said post . enthusiast , are you trying to say that i ... - what genres do you like to play / release stress playing ? rpg , fps , tps , sometimes rts . - favorite games recently ? i've been playing a lot of league of legends lately . i've also been playing ... i was raised christian . baptist to be exact . i was forced to go to church on most sundays with my parents from 3rd grade until high school ended . i never really bought into it though . through ... a little late with my reply , but here we go . i would rather get an example of the basic problem and the advanced problem at the same time . that way i can use both to try and understand the ... i can definitely relate to this . i absolutely hate math classes that don't show good examples . for example , introducing a new topic with the most basic example of the topic , and then expecting me ... well i've only had two relationships . the second one was the one that really mattered , so i'll just talk about that . i took it horribly when she wanted to end it . i did all of the stupid shit ... i thought it was finally time for a new facebook profile picture since my old one is from december 2009 . do you make plans for every day or do you just let loose & go with the flow ? i don't plan really anything . i hate having a schedule , so when i'm on break i just go with the flow . i might plan a ... i'm definitely a pessimist . pretty much everyone that knows me knows that i am extremely negative . my friends love to make jokes about it . it is also true that i fear change . i used to fear it ... i won't even try to say that i don't like makeup , because i love makeup when it's applied just right . i'm just not a big fan of the pink stuff you put on cheeks ( blush i think ? ) or lipstick . i have never liked any kind of lipstick . i think it looks unattractive . i've been hooked on in flames the last few days . the best instrumental i've heard in years : and i'll just add in a song with an amazing melody as ... my ex used to say that i needed to live in the moment more . i've always been the type of person that is worrying about what could happen 2,3 , 5 , etc years down the road and trying to plan accordingly ... i can't say it's for all istj's , but i would do the same thing in the first situation . i already hate doing skits in front of the class , and i would hate doing the skit even more if my group was the ... i've played a ton of sports . elementary school : soccer , basketball , baseball middle school : football , track and field ( i did throwing ) , wrestling high school : football , track and field . i ... i never went to either of my proms , or most of the dances . i went to winter formal twice because friends bought me tickets to go with them , and i went to one sock hop after a football game with my ... i have some trust issues centering around people that get close to me after a few close people in the past have screwed me over . other than that , not really . i'm only 19 so the amount of money i've dealt with in my lifetime is pretty small . i absolutely hate spending money though and will usually buy only one thing a month at most . most of my money goes ... heh , it sounds like we are the same . my ex broke up with me over a year ago ( august 2011 ) and i still haven't fully let go . i still have days where i wish i could just go back in time to the start ... i always have a million pictures running through my head of what things look like in the books i read . i love when books give a fair amount of detail , but don't explain everything about a character ... i never knew that you were so nice and had so much to say . said by a girl i had in a few classes my senior year of high school that always tried to talk to me for some reason . i wasn't really too ... pretty much anytime someone i'm really close to compliments me i feel good . especially when i get told that i'm really good at helping people through problems and good at listening . i love feeling ... this really isn't a problem for me . if i notice it happening , i put a stop to it immediately . if it continues then , most likely i will move away from them as well . this would be me at the start of this year . since i look almost exactly the same and i don't have any newer pictures , i'm posting this . '