' i did an ldr with an infj and eventually i just got fed up with it and moved home . just keep going and make time for each other , sometimes you'll be busy and sometimes you won't but eventually you'll ... aw okay you in particular dont have to i just made something for my boyfriend and it got me into a major art mode . you guys should show me all the pretty stuff you made :D here's the thingymajigary : ... i think enfps are ferrets and that my infj boyfriend is also a cat intj seems like a popular choice with us , my infj thing is going pretty swell . the conflict resolution is amazing , along with the deep conversations , balance of each other's weak spots , and an absurd ... i could see him as both , he's definitely very pleasant and socially conscientious . or maybe isfj ? like if you had to pick a type that corgis would represent , what do you think they would be ? 514954 5149 62 i had this istj friend in high school . she was very withdrawn and mostly focused on making sure her work was done . she wasn't interesting in talking about theories , and when i brought them up she ... i'm more of an entp kind of girl lol , but esfps make the best friends ! infj :) i think you are an enfp got lost trying to walk back to my house from a nearby coffee shop and ended up walking 7 miles from home until my brother's friend saw me and asked what the hell i was doing in his neighborhood it's probably just all in your mind , i bet people love you (: i like taking random subway adventures , going on psychology research binges , writing short stories entirely composed of puns , and just letting myself be ridiculous sometimes . but i don't let the ... been with an infj guy for 11 months now . they're so cute ! it's long-distance and i'm on the other side of america and everything , but i love how he's got this stabilized deep thought going on . he has ... when you go down 6 flights of stairs and realize you forgot something , then run back up the 6 flights of stairs to get it . but when you get down again you realize you were carrying your phone , and ... what are your interactions often like with esfjs in friends / dating ? i had dinner with my friend recently , and i ran out of room on the table so i picked up my bowl of soup to eat it in my hands . she ... i'm looking at some quotes here and i think he's an enfp : it's hard to find logic in things sometimes . that's why i can't analyze things too much , because it often doesn't make much sense . ... do you ever just not really want to talk to people , because they misunderstood an idea and now you've found yourself explaining every step of your thought process ? i feel the need to bounce my ... we're being the friends that are pretending to be us pretending to be the friends . i think he's an estp i like this one , she's kind of crazy and she drinks whiskey straight infps are pretty similar and easy to relate to , but the convos are really serious enfps are great , we talk to each other and we're all aaaaaa :D infjs are adorable , they're so sweet and ... idk if you guys know andy grammer , but he's got a serious track about enfps . ( posting the lyrics instead since it's 1am and i'm on a mobile device ) crazy beautiful she ? s got big brown eyes ... my ideal date happened this week . first i took him to a customizable ice cream sandwich place . then i asked him if he wanted to make a city out of bread and he said yes so we went to albertson's . we ... the 1920s . i like the uproar of excitement that went on as well as the works by the lost generation authors . also , i would've loved to be part of that kind of women's rights movement . my boyfriend tested infj and it's been 8 months of pure chemistry so far . then again i see him as more of an intp my mbti : enfp youngest father's mbti : estj mother's mbti : esfj sibling's mbti : intj oldest , esfp middle how my family is like : my brothers and i are all best friends but in different ways ... it seems as if i've upset you a tad , sorry if i did ! i don't think she's an enfp , otherwise she wouldn't be upset over me being different from her . although social norms are backed up with reasons , ... my mother is one . i can't wear leggings to the gym because that's not what normal people wear to the gym . i can't bring my own coffee drink into a separate restaurant because that's considered ... we were actually talking one time about population control and i mentioned a theory i heard about how we should kill off the obese , sick , and elderly because there weren't enough resources . he said ... i never believed in santa claus . when i was 4 my mom said something about santa and i told her santa wasn't real . then she gasped and started scolding me . - really into physics and likes to think alone for long periods of time - dislikes having to be creative - honest and emotionally open , puts thought into what he says and means it - cares a lot ... i've been writing ever since i was 9 . i found this passion by writing elaborate 10 page short stories about my cat , puddles . after that i found out i had a talent for it , and i loved it so much that ... i've cried four times this weekend and i don't even know why . but i have a 6 page research paper due in 3 days and 5 finals to worry about before i can see my long-distance boyfriend again . my ... he's definitely an introvert , and he often isolates himself to think about physics for long periods of time . that makes me think ixtx . he's also very keen on getting new people to like him . he'll ... varrick from legend of korra i think if she likes you , which it sounds like she might , then we're usually pretty forgiving of social awkwardness . people love talking about themselves , so questions are good , but it's also good to ... this is so cute ! i would say just continue talking to her and being nice to her . the hug means that she's fond of you in some way . she could see you as a friend but most likely she sees you as ... with my recent new classes lol i went to a psychic yesterday and they said i was psychic you sound like you know what you're talking about here ! i'm not sure who leads the ne conversations . a lot of the times it's me , but he might just be very used to the way i talk and enjoy taking part ... that's actually a possibility too ! the reason i've swayed extrovert is because of his animated facial expressions and quick responses . but he also gets tired out and takes naps a lot i'm trying to type my boyfriend , and i'm caught between entp and estp . he's really into physics , and says a lot of the time when he's watching movies he starts analyzing the physics behind ... i've been having problems coping with living at home for the summer . my mom , esfj , spent 20 minutes yesterday lecturing me on the importance of folding decorative towels . she taught me to fold the ... how do you feel about short-term relationships that have an expiration date ? i'm dating an entp guy right now , but in a few months i'm moving across the country and he's well aware of that . he seems ... i think that it's enough just to exist . you don't have to do anything great , just do whatever you want with your time and work on reaching your greatest potential . we're all gonna get old , and life ... i'm an enfp who recently started seeing an entp guy . we went out for coffee , talked for 3 hours , and i made him forget to order coffee . we scheduled a date two days later where we got breakfast , and ... are they cute ? entp '