' accurate . dark humor 324793 you use your humor to make light of otherwise serious situations and subjects . you're not shy when it comes to discussing taboo topics - striking a balance between ... actually i related strongly with the ne subtype , not so much the ti subtype . i mean , i relate to parts of the ti subtype , but 90 % of the ne subtype i relate to quite a bit , especially when i'm ... can i ask what made you say that for sure ? i used to be extroverted when i was younger , just a very socially awkward one . but i craved human interaction and actually felt itchy when i couldn't . then i became depressed and then turned ... yeah i definitely do this . bits of this , namely recognizing possibilities , and reconciling differing viewpoints . bits underlined i don't relate to as i'm not that socially inclined . definitely not good with details and i'm never goal oriented unless i have to be . i find it stifling . i'm not very good at coming up with ideas . they don't bubble up out of seemingly nowhere . ... thanks , jeff ! i appreciate it ! heh , yeah i know . from what i've written i don't sound too schizoid , do i . i've actually been diagnosed with it . it almost never happens that i seek out human contact beyond immediate family and ... first off , thank you for helping me with this . i really appreciate your time and help , i really do ! i think one reason i thought i was an se-user is that i'm very good with aesthetics and working ... i can be indecisive . it's definitely something i've had to work on and i mostly just pick at random now if i feel the indecisiveness coming ( for things that ultimately don't matter anyway ) . i'm ... so i typed for a long while as istp . as much as i tried , se just isn't a fit for me at all . example . i walked into the kitchen to get something to drink . my dad says , did you see that ? see ... not an infp but i have adhd so it's a real problem for me . what helps me the most is to not give myself the option of procrastinating . no ands ifs or buts . if i'm able to do the work i do it . because ... on my phone and it's before school so i didn't read all the answers . bottom line , don't judge a person by their cover . cliche ? maybe . but i'm serious . there are many legitimate reasons people are ... hmm sort of . i don't really get this with riddles or puzzles or equations or that kind of thing , more hands-on stuff . like if i'm trying to fix something i go with my gut and things just work . or ... from someone at mcdonalds when i was a little kid , i know you're a girl because you have such long eyelashes ! oh god no ... man you guys are way too literal . this was supposed to be a joke , for fun , not serious . what would happen if suddenly no one could have their daily caffeine intake ? entps i want to hear from you . what do you think would happen if the governments in north america suddenly declared a prohibition of caffeine ? i have a feeling enneagram plays into this as well . i'm a 9 and get along with just about everyone . nope i look about 10 years younger than i am i've been told . this makes me cry i'm pretty average at online games . if i really put in the effort i'm sure i'd be a lot better , of course . i just usually can't be bothered with it at all and prefer to just be decent enough . oh would you look at that . there's a forum for istp intros . i'm not much for this kind of thing but what the hey . or hay . i'm an istp canadian dude that eats peameal bacon and ketchup chips and i ... criticism doesn't bother me , pompous assery does . for example , if someone who can't draw a smiley face is criticizing my work , i'll just think they're an idiot and move on with life while feeling ... i don't conform to things , but i'm not actively rebelling against things either just because . that would go against our ti , if anything . it doesn't make sense . if other's wishes makes sense and ... please refer to signature below . i dunno about high-adrenaline , but se activities ... martial arts sitting and enjoying a naturish scene roller coasters baseball those are the main ones right now gender : male hair color : blonde hair style : longer cut ivy league i guess eye shape : almondish eye color : hazel glasses : y , sometimes n personal style / manner of dress : casual but nice favorite ... if you just ___ things would work better for you . ( i've tried that many times and it doesn't work better ) well if you say that then it really won't work ! it's just self-defeating ! never give up ! ... i used to think all the time . it was constant , non-stop . i've become more ... in the moment i guess . i think my se is taking over a bit more lately . i just live in the moment and my mind doesn't ... fuzzy soft things like fur or pussy willows . audiobooks . just make sure you get someone who's a good reader / actor or else it's hard to listen to . i love audible . i enjoy fiction quite a lot . mostly scifi fantasy action adventure types with ... i've had this experience with one person before . it was amazing to say the least and i'm an istp . what you described is what i'd describe . he was an enfj . unfortunately he was / is also incredibly ... i dunno , isfjs have really nice elbows typically , so i'd go isfj . i think you need to reread what i wrote . i was saying that people's interpretations of the bible at one point were taken to support slavery , i'm not saying the bible is actually supporting it . just ... don't forget that transgendered persons are under that too . now they really are born transgendered , or at least medical evidence strongly points that way at this time . but what does it really matter ... i'm schizoid , so by definition people are concerned by my proneness to aloneness . it depends on the manner of why there was a problem in the first place . if it was simply communication issues or misunderstandings , absolutely . i believe in fixing bridges with people as long as ... absolutely . why wouldn't i accept anyone from that group ? especially my own kid ? istj father and esfj mother my dad was pretty quiet and reserved but concerned about things like schooling , education , work , the practical areas of life in each of his kids . quiet and kind and ... thank you everyone for the welcomes ! sent from my ipod touch using tapatalk thanks everyone for your help ! looks like its unanimously istp . i'll try it on for a while , check out the istp forum and see how that goes . i guess i thought i was too weird and not handy enough to ... despite what others are saying , i think it'd be worth giving this game a try from what you've said . i love mmos and am always looking for something decent to play . i'm going to go ahead and ... so , none of the types really sound like ... me . i'm new here , looking to find a place for myself . i'm pretty sure i'm introverted at least . : tongue : 0 . is there anything that may affect the way ... at least ... i'm assuming you're all homo sapiens . so i don't really know what my mbti type , socionics type or enneagram type are and hoping to find out . in the meantime , i hope to gather and share ... '