' i used to love nutella , so i decided to buy a big nutella jar and eat it in one setting , it made me sick , and that was the end of us . relationships to me ( i'm not sure if this is an intj thing ) ... welcome . how did you find out you're an intj ? - second language : hebrew - learning method : watching cartoons . - third language : english - learning methods : movies - books - school ( not that important ) . btw i took the ielts test last year and ... i'm in . start with this > browse freelance jobs and projects | freelancer.com or her parents are paying , and she hates them . omg how ? ? ? out of the hundreds of flavors ! ! success to me is : - to achieve self actualization . - to be mentioned in history books . - to be loved by my friends , and respected by my enemies . - to be in control of everything that affects me . - to ... thank you very much for your reply . i see , then the problem is with the naming , i just wanted to put the three of them under one class that has to do with computers . the website development part ... many thanks for your suggestions , but aren't some of them a bit outdated ? but i thought that the for dummies books are good as an introduction for a new subject , which is what i'm after . because all the other books i have on the subject are a bit advanced . last week i started a new lifestyle routine that i createdafter doing a lot of research . my goal is to become an expert in the following fields : - business : and i'll concentrate on behavioral ... i don't know about you , but i'm not willing to pay for a book as long as i can get it for free , and if most intjs are like me then this idea will be destined to fail . i think our target market should ... - people who don't know how to use google properly . - people who think it's insensitive to ask them what they want for their birthday , because they expect you to read their fucking minds . - when two ... someone should turn this thread into a book , and maybe make a tv / youtube show based on the book . < bestseller material right there . too bad only 1 % of the population ( and their followers ) will be ... best introductory books x x tips intj x becoming a polymath home remedies for ... diy ... wtf is meme / gangam style / harlem shake . . . you know your an intj when you consider being a party planner an oxymoron . ( true story ) at the time when your father sticks his penis in your mother's vagina . seriously it's mostly genetic , of course the environment affects the personality but not as drastically as our genes ... if it was about something out of my control .  happy now ? how you doin ’ ? according to bmi i'm considered overweight , although my body fat percentage is 14 % . saber-toothed tiger elasmosaurus ... if i don't do it at the time i planned to do it , i'll do it at the same time the following week . - the usual suspects ( 1995 ) - the sixth sense ( 1999 ) - requiem for a dream ( 2000 ) - memento ( 2000 ) - unbreakable ( 2000 ) - frailty ( 2001 ) - oldboy ( 2003 ) * - identity ( 2003 ) - the prestige ( 2006 ) ... oh , why thank you ! i'm flattered ! :) taken yesterday while explaining game theory to a friend . i hate it when people laughmake jokes during an argument when they have nothing to say . become the class nerd , this is the easiest , most natural way for us intjs . people will befriend you for your knowledge ( asking you to give them your lecture notes , or to explain something to them ) ... well i took it upon myself to help you with your quest , so i looked into the subject a bit deeper , and i must admit that before i misunderstood what the term sociopath really meant ( the problem is ... thanks :) and to stay on topic : first of all , about the sociopath comment , that was a joke , i'm not a sociopath . like i said , i thought it was funny ( and still do ) , so i posted it to see if it was normal or not to find it ... because i knew you would . queensland rail etiquette posters | know your meme knowledge lordship - superpower wiki knowledge lordship power / ability to : rule the plane of knowledge the power to have authority and control of the plane of knowledge . sub-power ... 2011 just scroll down as you read it :) i'm so sorry fellow intjs for my previous disgustinginhumane gif , i hope this post will make up for it .  ... i'm pretty sure it's a mouse . well i'm a bit disappointed , i thought you'd choose either b ) or c ) . actually i'm more of a c ) because it aroused my curiosity and i feel indifferent about it . i know that the guy in the gif is a ... what do you think of it ? a ) disgusting b ) interesting c ) intriguing d ) weird e ) non of the above . 4:30 am : wake up . 5:00 am : weight training . 6:00 am : track ( sprinting ) . 6:30 am : swimming . 7:00 am : sauna . 7:30 am : breakfast : 4 boiled eggs . 8: 00 am : research for my m . a .. . . . when something i've been into for a long time becomes popular . eating with other people . i just don't see the point of it ! eating should be a private activity just like going to the toilet . also when people eat at restaurants they try to act fancy by not ... well this is a bit unethical , but anyway , go to a torrent site ( the pirate bay ) , search for economics and narrow the search to only audio , download the audio books ( a file called ttc audio ... '