' 1 . do you guys subscribe to holidays e . g . 4th july ( usa ) , christmas , eid ul fitr , hanukkah ? excellent excuse to waste money . 2 . how about commercial holidays e . g . frienship day , valentine's ... im totally hype for this , it seems to have much more intense action and power going on then the aangs adventure had . i can tell that theres going to be a lot of fighting . this is going to be ... i know right ? this is a major shake my head moment . its not a lol , more of a what the hell and why the hell , quite possibly even how the hell . you lost me at chat n cam lol . that makes so much sense . but i would be able to bear the burden of explaining myself to you . in my opinion , something would be wrong with you to want to join the army just because ... what ... rofl . dont you love it when your trying to like , help someone out and you apprantly offend they're conscious and all of a sudden your accused of trolling / being mean ? you then get condemned for it , ... what to study and what not to , i have a few books left over , but i never actually learned it because i was occupied with mental fatigue and other outside stress , i need assistance , what should i pay ... rofl its usually casual conversation about how the day was , or what i did that was stupid or not stupid and why , and how i will / should act on it tomorrow if at all . then i plan out my dinner , and how ... uh . but the entire system is a gigantic stereotype , i just think its a waste for anyone with any form of intelligence to join the army . i dont think anyone should waste they're lives serving ... an intj in the army ? thats like a scientist in the field as a soldier . what a waste . leave the field work to the grunts that last one was rofl . i hope i didnt necro . and lol at that video above . talking with yourself is one of the greatest things ever . you get to learn a lot ... about yourself . that you never even knew before , also you can analyze your feelings in a different angle ... 1 . ) geniuses - its better then what most of the worlds populace is . 2 . ) psychopaths - uhh . what ? well they can plan your death in advance and make you harm yourself . 3 . ) no feelings - its ... you sure dissected a lot of that from the heap . thanks for that . you calculate how far you can jump to the other side and land precisely where you predicted . rofl . you wont succeed in life if you dont take school seriously . but school is mad easy and boring , why should i even have to try ? you be nagging me mad hard all day long , whats your ... its hard , but i never expect anything from anyone , so people call me cold . and at a party , i would much rather stand around skulking looking for girl bait . its all about the target and the ... actually i think that online dating / texting is shallow and only do it when i want a casual conversation . if im going to date someone , i want to be able to scare the hell out of them with my ... yo bro , first off , you need to stop worrying about the girls , in the real world , the only thing that matters is that booty . no offense , but your uber young , i can tell that you want to have a real ... i agree , i don't like to be overly impressive because that proves how inferior you are . am i right ? the best things are the simple things that we take for granted . the basics are always ... roger . id rather read a book on how to make money . wow . so thats how you guys feel hmm . interesting . but it is pretty offensive to think everyone has the same love standards . intj love is complex and complicated . not like everyone else's ... im not going to lie to you . that pissed me off . to a great extent . you probably knew that it would . lol . lol , people be tripping for reals . i just wish everyone on the planet were a little bit more mellow . ( without drugs please ? that doesnt help your situation at all . seriously ) why would anyone want to keep harassing you over one thing anyways ? i know you need a purpose , but i think that's a bit medieval no ? i agree , that is probable trolling right there . my fathers cell phone might be available now .. do you want to see if you could talk to him ? lololololololol . everytime light kills ... rofl , this guy , i can chill with . i play games for the challenge , i have nothing else to really test my intelligence on , sure i have the computer , but school is boring , and high school is probably the crappiest thing i will ever ... word up . i concur i dont want to be holding hands and stuff like that in public , its kind of embarrassing . plus i think its shallow to have to broadcast your relationship to the entire world like a bunch of ... if someone does something for me then i love them . if someone spends some time with me on one of my whims , them hey we pretty cool . if someone gets me a gift then , wow thanks i totally ... id rather a rainbow of darkness , because all those colors have to be a lie . except for those rainbow ices ... mmm .. you know your an intj for sure when you get the rainbow instead of the coco lol thats good . well , i hate when someone starts an argument they think they can win , when they know nothing about the other party , or even the subject in general . actually , we have to go to ... you think about what happened the entire day after returning home , and almost forget to feed yourself after having 30 minutes pass you by after meditating about how your day either went smoothly with ... im sure youll figure something out if you evenly divide your time with your free time ( if your a chill out an hour or two guy , i think your free time is highly important to you , unless your diving ... word right ? thats another thing that doesn't make much sense , if you dont like hanging with people , but dont like doing something thats fruitless , why do it at all ? its hard to take people ... i mean , i play games because im bored and theres nothing else better to do . if there was some sort of plan i could take advantage of , or do whatever i wanted because the law allowed , i would . ... personal * name - too unique to be told . - any nicknames ? wise ( anything you can make up , i dont care ) * male / female / trans ? male . location - where were you originally born ? where do you ... hi , welcome to the forum , i hope you enjoy ice cream with you snacks . enjoy your time here . new intj . looking for a new place to lurk , err i mean observe stuff . yeah that works .. place to trade notes on stuff or whatever . '