' intp - textbooks notebooks a pen a phone lipgloss my id a bus pass keys / w a keychain of isabelle from animal crossing and some money . sounds istx ? i make other faces in a lot of them , but i just don't post them here because i don't want to scare you guys ! ! 9248292483 you're welcome . ; - ; bam waluigi attacks hats and hellraises auckland's harmony mooshoopoodeepoo * tips fedora * dresses and skirts with sweaters . lots of pink . charred usurped congressmen under malicious bratwurst evil r . ( thomas deluxe grills ) burgledeebuns hiiiiiiiiiiiii ! ! ! hi hi hi hello alyssa-kohai ... 92410 [ hook :] these bitches love sosa o end or no end fucking with them o boys , you gon ' get fucked over rari's and rovers these hoes love chief sosa hit him with that cobra , now that boy slumped ... nah son , privacy is very important and i'd never peek . 9240492406 92407 am i the only intp who takes a obscene amount of selfies . my voice will mature ... i want to be a drill sergeant ; ~ ; the only bowl that matters to me is the puppy bowl . don't worry , that happens to me all the time too . it's not your fault , they're just too stupid to pick up on it . :) hi i'm just s tall as you also you're so pretty : 3 i'll show you mine if you show me yours . everybody have you ever passed a kidney stone through your urethra from consuming so many monster drinks tell us we're pretty / handsome and smart 92194 i can dislocate my shoulder and elbow and bend my thumb back until it touches my wrist has anybody else been told that they're very deadpan sounding ? is that an introverted nt thing ? vocaroo | voice message try staring at them for long periods of time and call them so inspirational every time they do something i'm no expert but i think you're still an infp , you've just been through some stuff and closed up . :) i was bullied i guess but i don't like to frame it that way , shit happens i guess . i was the smallest and prude-est so i got bullied by stupid esfp girls . i mostly just blended it and was a loner , ... roundhouse kick her in the face until she dies hello peep : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : : cool : ... can we just all agree she's a soulless reptilian shapeshifter hell if i know , that woman's a mystery to me . mmmm i haven't seen a lot of wonderbolt centric episodes but i'm guessing they're istps ? hmmm , i'm thinking intp . the feeling aspects you described were fe in action rather than fi , so you're probably an intp with well developed fe . i'm an entp with high fe , and i wasn't sure if i was an ... 83469 i'm committing suicide now . bye . im gonna make it after aalllllll i've had the pandemic 2 open in another tab for a good hour . i have about 140 evolution points . i haven't done anything but sell my starting symptoms . i'm gonna come out of fucking nowhere and buy ... oh m yg osh i i stj uf ck ign im so angry im ab otuto fu kc ing lose again if you literally just bought heart failure then they started making a vaccine for your disease , your disease you birthed and raised and nurtured , you would cry too . computer game addiction is a cruel ... has anyone here ever won ? i seriously stayed up all night last night trying . i got so frustrated i cried ! ! i had like 10 different tabs open and used a different technique on each game . no matter ... i just skimmed it and guessed .. hmmm , isfp ? why are you all so amazing ? the based god has transcended all personality types . how do i delete a post ? D: i bet you stomp on kittens in your free time , intj . you genuinely just made me sad . :( no complaints here ! :p roud : huh , that does make sense . i've never experienced anything like that though . i just start crying . that's how i deal with pain . '