' identity ... the being we create , yet we lose , then create again . i believe identity is who we are in general ; it's that part of us that brings us closer to a higher form of spirituality . i believe ... i'm beginning to read eragon by christopher paolini . it inspires me to write a fantasy novel of my own : happy : huh ... infj movies . i'm not sure if these are infj movies , but here are the ones that i enjoy : the exorcist ( a very nice story ) titanic seven samurai tim burton's alice in wonderland the brave ... you are a considerate dreamer . you are a dreamer your combination of abstract thinking , appreciation of beauty , and cautiousness makes you a dreamer . you often imagine how things could ... i am a christian and i believe these words can be accomplished if we have the willpower . it is difficult , but i can accomplish it soon . in my point of view , if i am wronged by an enemy of mine , i ... i like to be in the background most of the time . serving my purposes unnoticed is quite fulfilling to me : wink : however , when at times things seem scattered or out of place , i act to put things ... i'm an infj . i prefer to be a white mage , a knight , a sage and a paladin . i also prefer to be a necromancer : tongue : i took an online test for this : tongue : i'm a lawful good . i can also be a neutral good . : happy : i don't think it has something to do with the universe . the universe is a conspirer to what we wish . it flows with the thoughts of human beings . god , i believe , made the universe for the sake of ... my best friend is an esfp . i am very happy :p roud : i get along with esfp , estp , infp , infj , enfj and possibly an enfp type . i never seem to get along with an sj , but i have one sj friend who's ... i like leonardo , and i'm an infj for me , being an infj means ... we are not human beings on a spiritual journey . we are spiritual beings on a human journey . - pierre teilhard de chardin this quote appeals to me : wink : :p roud : this sounds fun ! i shall join the crew ! off we go to canterbury : crazy : ! just kidding . i don't think we're making a pilgrimage here : tongue : if i was to live in the infj castle , i would be the ... a fellow filipina from the philippines . nice to meet you : wink : enjoy personality cafe ! :p roud : i would gladly balance my time to stay and take care of this person ; make his life worthwhile . the suffering will be there , but i'm willing to keep it so that this person can be happy . i am a christian , but i also like the philosophical teachings of taoism and zen ( do they mean the same ? i am not very sure : laughing :) . so basically , i have a belief that god is there but my path in ... psychological horror for me . fatal frame's my favorite . fear 2 , bio shock , silent hill shattered memories , condemned . i'm still hoping to play siren :p roud : this thread ... saved my day . thanks for putting it up . my esfp best friend is a laid-back college student . there are times when both of us would clash because of our different viewpoints on ... dream jobs ... very interesting topic : happy : 1 ) a diplomat for the un ( someday , i would like to see myself as part of the un humanitarian or environmental services ) . 2 ) counselor / psychologist ( a ... you need to be more outgoing we are quiet outgoers , my friend . we just don't show it very much , but we do like to have fun ... in our own way : wink : hm , my social circles consist of people who ... i'm curious to see if infjs are melancholic in nature . there are times that i see that infjs are very positive people , but at the same time there's something in our eyes that makes people ask are ... i feel most compatible with ? there are some :p roud : esfp , esfj , enfj , infp and my species ! the infj ! i have an intj friend , but she doesn't open up to me much . although she's a very good ... youtube - shin megami tensei digital devil saga 1 ost river of samsara same here . one of my friends told me i had this ability to fulfill a person's true potential . i seriously flew back at the comment ' cause i knew deep inside me that i was a very insecure , complex ... it's totally understandable . thanks for the heads-up , vocalist : wink : - high fives to fine site - : crazy : : happy : yes . to be honest , i'm tired of being the shield , the defender , the knight in shining armor ( woah . please don't take it the wrong way readers : shocked :: confused :: laughing :) for everybody who can't ... i use that phrase when i think the people i'm hanging out with drain my energy more than anybody ever does . therefore , i leave them be ' cause i know and they know that i'm not worth their time . no , i am not retiring . i would probably do that when i'm 30-45 years old : crazy : i just felt like writing this now ' cause i had this thing tugging me to tell it already before i lost my ... curious 610 , it is really great to hear that you've been opening to the cafe . i can relate ( in a way ) considering that right now , i too am looking for closure . so many different things have been ... i looked around the cave . there was nothing in it but darkness and silence . shaking my head to remove the water from my hair , i got my glasses from my pocket and placed them on . it luminously glowed ... thank you so much for the insight ! i tend to confuse the two , and it doesn't help me at all : mellow : i get very confused in the end . clearing it up makes me feel better . she is nuts ! i pondered in my mind as i slapped my forehead . i studied the choices . you either climb down or dive in the water . one , if i did climb down , i would probably encounter those camoufalged ... during lonely times , i naturally sulk and think about the source over and over again . then , i shake my head and listen to my mp3 while reading chocolate for a teen's soul or anything good to read ... i looked at the stranger with narrowed eyes , and sighed . i never felt such overwhelming doubt within me . i wasn't so sure , but we had to trust her if she is willing to help . i wasn't in the mood to ... interesting topic . my dream is to become a better person for myself and for my loved ones , to be a writer and to be a diplomat for the un . big dreams i know , but i really want it . : happy : miasmatic domino not so sure how i got it , really . a friend of mine called me domino and my cousin called me miasma , clearly getting it from my love of playing fatal frame 3 and ' cause my ... by the way , do infjs have this ability to adapt and make do ? is this the reason why seem to be so complex in personality ? seriously .. i'm confused right now : confused : : mellow : isfj , infp , enfj and enfp : shocked : seriously ... i do think i'm an xnfx or xsfx at times .. atticus finch reminds me of an infj , but he's a very balanced character : happy : what about this guy ? ... thank you for the wonderful post , rune : happy : . i appreciate it very much and i'll take that as a reminder ; a chicken soup kind of thing . you're also reminding me , in a way , to enjoy the simplest ... rise by samantha james . later it would be aquatic capital from this sonic riders videogame . haha : happy : a friend of mine once told me ... you're buddha i was like , wtf no o_o : confused : hm .. yes , i do experience some dreams like that . although , mine seems to be more like a de ja vu . i had a dream of my friend's mom , once . i never knew how she looked like . one night , my mom called ... this just knocked me off my feet . i am very happy to have read this post : happy : : mellow : in my opinion , you're atheistguy . you're you : happy : i agree with the sloth description very much o_o it shows an uncanny accuracy as to who i am . it can also be applied to all infj's in a way . go cute sloths : happy : is that the chinese character for peace ? : happy : '