' i saw this screenshot from the upcoming 3ds game ' tomodachi life ' over at reddit , and it appears that the character types are similar to the mbti types . what would you guys think each type ... don't like using my phone to speak . it just seems like an obligatory bother , and usually i just end up pretending to have missed the call and texting back . and radiation is bad for you ! for example purposes , let's assume that the ' problem ' at hand is walking into a room and finding two of my friends facing each other in a fighting stance . i agree with this . extraverted ... i totally get that ! it's like refusing to be a puzzle piece that fits . you want to live up to only your own expectations , and yet here are people who want to mold you into their expectations . you end ... i think i understand , but i don't think the order is quite right . if we're pretending that the obstacle is some kind of problem , and that this is how we relate to and cope with problems ( as opposed ... i think this is a good thing . kids learn a lot through trial and error , and so really unless things get particularly cold or physically violent , maybe it's better to let them ease into their own ... i couldn't read the whole thing , sorry ! my mind tends to wander , but i think i get the gist of it . i think that for the longest while , you may look for what type you are ( in any personality ... even though you sometimes say the most tactless things , the other part of the time when you say something that makes me realize that you're two steps ahead of me and can see what i'm really feeling ... not sure typewise , but this is a common thing i see with asian mums ! they just need something to gossip about later :p 90 % of the time , i can appreciate it , but it does not belong near me or any of my posessions ! in a classroom setting ? in highschool , i was introverted , but not too quiet . it took time to warm up to new people , but i was still ( maybe still am ) friendly towards anyone who approached me that ... i don't really have much to add to what everyone's said , but i'm really glad this isn't a ' me ' thing :') right-handed . i like dance and performance . i did hiphop in highschool and salsa recently . it's something to do and that in itself is very stress relieving ! i lose interest in any one style pretty quick though , so ... i'm assertive , but i don't think i'm dominant . if i feel threatened in any way , i'm not shy at saying ' no ' . quite often , and sometimes it really bugs me :/ i always thought i was pretty open about everything , and then a good friend told me that i always seemed to have walls around me . although i don't ... math was good in primary school , but a lot less interesting in highschool where i found that i wouldn't be able to apply it ( topics such as calc and algebra ) and so it only got worse as the math we ... usually because i don't feel i have the resources to interact - the balance between ' putting in the effort ' vs ' result you get ' has been tipped to one side and the outcome i know i'll get doesn't ... the two that i know are both people i've felt really comfortable with opening up around . i don't know if that sentence just then made any grammatical sense , but you know what i'm trying to say . they ... news - pacific kat-tun - break the records i think these are the only two i can sit through entirely . i was at the right age , i guess . on my really introverted days , i can get like that . i'll wake up and not want to see or talk to anyone . i don't want to do anything - even if i usually enjoy it - and i don't want anything unexpected ... it's asking me what my favourite colour is but i can't decide because it's not the right shade . i get sick when the season starts changing . dunno why - usually a cold or sore throat . break down the problem and tackle it in small parts . always helps for me :') sfs , enfj , intj from what i know of , but i don't really know a lot : s 9w8 , 4w5 , 6w7 your little family looks happy and adorable and aaa i'm quite gelatinous :') welcome ! i like you either way , so it's ok . but numbers in screen names always make me feel like hah , he has a number because he couldn't be the original and i may or may not forever make the joke of ... lol , guilty as charged . i'm not your particular friend , but personally , if i'm pushing my opinion or belief on someone , it means that i'm starting to get annoyed with the lack of decision . with most of my friends , i , like ... i was close to one girl who was disliked by a mutual friend's mother when i was in elementary . i got really protective ( and quite aggressive ) and insulted the mother , who in turn got mad at me and ... set lots and lots of tiny goals that can be achieved in a relatively short amount of time . it gets a large task done much faster . like , ' write 100 words of essay in 20 minutes , then you can go have a ... i don't care much for what you wrote ( because you seem biased and i don't like wasting my time ) but your thread title doesn't make sense . love-hate relationship . i remember being at a mj concert as a kid and some parts were so loud that my whole 3 - year-old body was shaking , and that was absolutely terrifying . but then , as an adult , ... ookami kodomo , when ame is running with the fox and they come across the open mountain fields . that was really moving . ^ this . this is exactly what i mean , but in like two sentences . now i feel dumb for having spent the last hour on paragraphs that could have been condensed into this . : bored : i'm not your particular friend , so i don't know how it is for her , but i could pretend to be in her situation . you know her best out of anyone here though , so take it with a grain of salt :p no ... man , soppixo those last two situations with te and fi was like exactly what was running through my head for most of highschool , hahaha . i'm really bad at it and i zone out unless it's a serious talk . acerbusvenator has called me here , so here i have been called . you sound a lot like me . i pride myself in logical thinking and organization ( layton games and sorting magic cards into the right ... i have never considered myself to be sexy . cute , okay . pretty , okay . refined , sometimes . sexy ? good god no , that's just weird . i know right ! for me , ni leads either to homeless or sitting in a rocking chair at the front of my youngest child's ( who is now married with children ) house . mostly homeless , though . i overthink a lot , about really stupid things , and i take it really far . example : the scenario where i am married some 10 years in the future , and one day , my husband dies . in that scenario , what ... i still harbour intense feelings of guilt and perhaps a little regret over rejecting the romantic feelings of one of my best friends . treat the other with respect and remember that they're themselves and have their own opinions and ways of doing things . in general , that's a good recipe for any kind of relationship :p i would ... not shyness , but i suppose my caution has . i guess it looks similar on the outside . i don't get ' stuck up ' or ' rude ' , but i'm sometimes told that i'm difficult to get to know on a deeper level . i'm ... very very badly . :( procrastination , higher level of irritation , self-centered , sulky , critical . i also experience a huge change in thinking , and i have a 0 bullshit tolerance when under stress ... i was one of ' those ' kids who didn't have to study very hard to grasp concepts and application , so school work was never a big problem . a few things i found redundant were : 1 . homework ... stilton cheese in a beef pie oh my goood it's enough for me ( * ﾉωﾉ ) whatever i like at the time . if i'm into something , i'm reaaally into something . anything cute with possibilities too ! cute letterpads , rubber stamps , money , etc . i ... '