' i believe death is worse than life imprisonment . i fear nothing more than death . if the goal is to punish , not rehabilitate , an individual to the greatest humane extent possible , then i believe cap ... my entire ipod library is comprised of stolen music . it sounds like you have poor social skills . this has less to do with being an intj and more of just you . i would know , i was socially retarded and anxious for various reasons from about late ... lol like academics , social skills are valuable and must be practiced and studied to become strong and useful to you . by devoting much of your time to studies , your interpersonal abilities will suffer ... despite spending much of my time indoors , i do enjoy being out in nature . if i can be alone out in the woods , or on a mountain , or on a beach , i feel alive . i am not a caregiver , i'm not the sort of person you'd find volunteering at a shelter or retirement home . but i will fiercely protect my few friends and family . no , never tried it . dated someone who did frequently and my college roommate last year smoked nearly every damn day , often trying to hide it or lie about it . that caused some tension . i might try ... hemingway was also a depressed alcoholic . there are lots of things that make me happy . videogames . waking up next to a pretty girl . music . exercise . solving puzzles and problems . sunny days with ... 1 ) you can try to apologize , that's always appreciated . then , if the offense was not serious , i find it hard to stay upset if the girl tries to make me laugh or otherwise be cutesy with me . works ... that's how i feel . i've never really been able to relate well to the gender identity discussions i see . you can say gender is a societal construct , okay , but i don't see why that's an issue to an ... i try to dress fashionably in part because i don't want to blend in with the rest of the polos , blue jeans , and tennis shoes i see in my engineering college . i just wish there were better stores ... you've worded your question in a curious manner . i don't know how to just fall in love with someone , much less the prerequisites for it to happen . now i can tell you what qualities i find ... i think i'd find it incredibly dull . hmm , about 2 or 3 underwear vs , two workout shirts , and then maybe 1 or 2 crews . black is nice but there must be some diversity , i care about my appearance too much to wear the same outfit everyday . yes , i'd take it . death is too sp00ky for me . the rest of the class bombed the test and the professor gave a heavy curve , so you get an a + and a smiley sticker . boxxy is the poster child of / b / ' s retarded subculture and 13 year olds . deep down , do you feel at all that you want to socialize ? if the answer is yes , then you likely are lazy , or maybe nervous , depressed , etc . if the answer is no , then perhaps you just prefer the ... there i was just walkin ' down the street singin ' , do wah diddy , diddy , dum diddy do i know i'm right , i can feel it in my heart . i don't like the idea of dying , so that's a good reason to stay alive . i know it's skyrim we're talking about , but i'm not sure you can apply mbti classes to entire races . ulfric stormcloak and his general , galmar stone-fist , for example , are both nords but have ... i'm not very social . i'll talk to people online where the effort is minimal and i can be highly selective with whom i converse . but off my computer , i don't hang out with other people much . a few ... some months ago i felt very lost and sad . i didn't feel like i had a solid grasp of who i was and if and where i needed to change myself . i lacked the ability to analyze myself and ask : is this who i ... ultimate rain sound generator | hearing calibrated as the url suggests , this allows you to make custom rain background noise . i think there's even an alternative jungle set that's fun to play ... nope . i don't necessarily judge other people for having them - like clothing and other ways we present ourselves , i believe tattoos can be tasteful or less so - but i can't think of any ink that i'd ... things friends and family have said : - you ought to smile more - why are you so antisocial ? < at which point i state that i am more asocial , not antisocial , although it's in jest and i know ... if you two are to enter a formal relationship or escalate your physical intimacies , then i believe it would be fair to ask for clarification . it is quite possible that he has a casual relationship ... i usually go for a big bowl of cereal , but that's not to say i don't enjoy a well-toasted toast . i believe that we as intjs think differently , but not necessarily in a superior manner or deeper . we can be critical , but not always correct . dark , but not always enlightened . i have been ... the only series i regularly follow is walking dead , although i also watch south park from time to time . i don't watch much tv , but i would like to see breaking bad , game of thrones , and house of ... you talk to your boss and explain your grievances with his practices . if nothing changes , you're sol and need to suck it up . intentionally subverting his wishes will do neither of you good .  ... if you can partake in it without risk of inbreeding - i . e . , you are not closely related enough for it be an issue - then go ahead . and if there is a risk , just don't have kids . not if i know what i'm doing . oh my he sounds young , or otherwise doesn't know how to talk to girls very well . if he is , as you say , an intj , you have to be very direct . don't entertain any of his 2deep4u conversations ... are we ? i'm not at all . i don't recall , in part because of there being 4 digits and because i did comparatively better on my act , so that's what i shared with colleges when applying to them . a difficult situation for the priest , but i believe he deserves no immunity . he must decide whether prison is worth his faith . perhaps he would be seen as a martyr , or whatever the equivalent is of ... i lived a completely sedentary lifestyle until about a month and a half ago . i decided i was tired of having twig arms and that it was time to join the gym . and i'm absolutely loving it . lifting ... maybe he was developing feelings for you and realized this as extremely dangerous , especially while in relationship . or perhaps , as you said , his gf is hyper controlling and he lacks a backbone . do ... i try not to get angry often . anger is dangerous in a relationship . when i do become upset , i tend to retreat and become quiet . i do this to internalize my anger and collect my thoughts , rein in ... maybe a little less depressed over the years , but i think that stemmed from being able to look at my life and decide i was unhappy with it . as a result , i am working on fixing those things and am ... i can think of no logical reason to impede homosexuality or any other kind of sexuality . please don't simply ignore him out of fear you won't be taken seriously or that the issue will not be resolved . what he is doing is highly unprofessional , unethical , and disgusting . were i to ... keep in mind that she is only doing what she believes is best for you . there is nothing wrong with being introverted , but be wary of becoming socially retarded . a healthy introvert is capable of ... no , but i'm young and still in uni . my tune could change ten years from now , but as of right now i have zero desire for children . my species will survive just fine without my potential offspring , ... yes , and don't intps often misdiagnose themselves as intjs ? take that into consideration , op . anyways , i know a lot of idea guys . they think their ideas are all great . and you know what ? a lot of ... read somewhere that avarice is a vice of some type 5s and intjs . and i do like money . abc did a story on him , huh ? interesting to see what passes for news nowadays . on the bright side , i'm not sure i want my genitalia near those women anyways . my penis tries to be a more discerning ... '