' sure , anything , lesser known scientific principle , i seriously think people on here would enjoy it too ( so not just nfs ) ! i mean by arcane ar · caneärˈkān / adjective understood by few ; ... yah , not my area at all * smile * only able to watch a little bit , but agree about the fidgety body language in earlier video ( you slowed / calmed it down a bit ) . i did not think that you were speaking too quickly . i would probably ... yetanotherintj 616250 : laughing : ok , that cracked me up yetanotherintj 616250 : laughing : ok , that cracked me up bisphosphonate-associated osteonecrosis of the jaw mainly occurs with bisphosphonates administered intravenously and more particularly when they are given during cancer treatment ( metastases ... ha - i know nothing about the subject , and actually was curious to have it ' splained to me . i looked up arcane subjects and pulled the first one i found that actually did look fairly arcane ... starwars used to be more like that ( the slowslow burn / denial , then lose it / monster gets out lol ) , but after a few decades you start seeing what is happening earlier and disconnect effectively from ... we play-wrestle a lot in my family , but it's more of an irish thing . gets worse when we are drinking . ha ha . also , the kids cuddle on me a lot and i cuddled them a lot when they were little ( carried ... it is a good survival trait to have ( situational awareness ) . and to cultivate to be better ! i think this thread flopped - great idea but . * i said butt heh heh * grumpy hermits i would like to cuddle in art history - the toast enfps ... gotta laugh . i am trying to get more organized , as well . i laud your effort . one thing i realized does not work for me is lots of little compartments . i am more one of those people who are pilers rather than ... never met anyone i could get that balance right with . i always seem to leave them unfulfilled in some way because i cannot pay enough attention to them in some way ( the way varies with the ... p's ... i have this phobia that their scatteredness and lack of focus are contagious . i find myself wanting to keep them at arms ' length . decisive people are easier to deal with . though i was taken ... antiloop and lemxn those are nifty with a capital n . lorde that video reminds me of black mirror new season first episode , lol ... blackdog i found that article interesting ... i remember nabokov also writing about the first moment of consciousness or ... and so too are there things like wabi . i used to be a lot like that ( an extreme individualist ) , but with time , i came to think that a bit of targeted and specific assistance helps people make themselves more useful to society . so for ... i hate noise with a passion , and sensory overload in general , and crowds are ... that . also , the hassle of getting into and out of an event logistically tends to occupy my mind and prevents me from ... everyone should remember that these functions are slider thingies - being an extreme in , really i'd probably be fooled by an intj who is barely over the line into i and actually looks like an e + ... why not initiate something like a back rub that tests the physical dimension of the relationship ? see how he responds ? i don't know . i have been told i am really obtuse , so fit the stereotype . the ... ha ha , that's so them . xd rangerdoug reminds me of a couple of friends of mine who were into that whole 9/11 thermite conspiracy thing . at the height of their activism , they were detained and questioned at airports and all , ... yeah , can relate ! i think our feelings are not nuanced , and fairly tucked-away . sort of like deep wells - you are not going to expend a lot of energy getting to them unless you reallyreally need ... i like to read about math more than i like doing it . i do plan for things and make to-do lists . spontaneity is something i enjoyed a lot more when i was younger and more p . my job is in front ... af after being in a bad relationship , esp one where the other person was seeking other people out during it , you sort of want to reaffirm your own attractiveness i think ( that is how people get ... i deliberately make more coffee than i can drink by lunch . i let part of the pot grow cold , then add stok caffeine shots and coffee syrup to the leftover brew and pour it into water bottles ( recycle ... but your grandmother will still like it , even with arm healed ! :D * raises hand * i will answer that if you rephrase it ... not sure what you are asking ... i think when istjs do bother me , it's because they are such little slaves of the establishment , unquestioning , toeing the party line , following their little orders , grooming the leviathan in obligate ... some people's mannerisms or tone or whatever set one's teeth on edge , eh - hard to ignore . xd inside your head you are repeating over and over with jaw clenched you are so full of s * * * you are so ... yes , i understand how when you go back to the very beginning , before the big bang , before anything , no matter what you think the start of the universe was ( even a singularity ) , you still have to ... yes , loudness hurts my ears , can't bear it ! i can deal with chattiness and intenseness for a little while . feelings are there , but they are work and not very accessible . i can identify them and all , and obviously have them , but they are way down in there and i don't usually feel like the work of ... i think because of your past together that you'd be super-paranoid with him if you ever got back together . relationships with that element where you don't really trust one another are pretty ugh . ;P ... independent - interest in national security etc . and failure to reject biological determinism totally out of hand would place me on the right , but on some issues ( environmentalism , health care etc . ) ... how is your father now , icynite ? i have made pumpkin pies from pulp ( rather than canned ) before and firming the filling up is the main concern imo ... i gritted my teeth , cheated and bought one this year because i wanted to focus more ... wednesday addams . i had not heard of dudezoned before , and found the term amusing . :) maybe now that the prospect of actually becoming involved with you is real and possible ( old relationships not working ? cleanly ... i kind of view religion a bit like that . not having an external truth necessarily or at least an existence in strict accordance with ... ha ha , come on , don't cheat yes , i think mbti type gives a flavor to a diagnosis . ok i have changed my mind . since he actually got there , he has to be estx more towards j than p . i have often thought that if i were in better physical health and had nothing else i had to do ( like launch kids , pay mortgage etc . ) , that i'd go around and try and plant massive amounts of seedlings ... definitely ! when i think about all the things i will wish i had made the effort to learn more about when on my deathbed ... ( ! ) or just ran out of time before i could learn about them ! omg i do this as well ( what if survival fantasizing ) , but i am not spooked by it , and i don't think of it as daydreaming . i think of it as strategizing for scenarios that might very much ( lol ) not ... stay alive long enough to ensure the success of my progeny and their progeny , then croak . not be a burden . '