' i trink the triads are very interesting for ohne specific reason : harmonic and hornevian explain why 9 types is the right number . on the other hand , including head / body / heart and ... measurin enneatype with questionnaires and random self identification is a lost cause . nobody actually knows how the enneatypes are distributed in the population , since there is no measurement ... resultat : * tritype 358/583 /8 35 same result as in other tritype test , i always come out between 3-58 and 5-38 . mh ... from an mbti perspective he is ixxp , little else is shown in the movie . but the enneagram perspective is very interesting . i think he is way to nervous and people pleasing to be a 9 . when he ... i think you are making a very very important point about enneagram and mbti but i'm not sure whats the point of it if different definitions are accepted . to me it is important to differentiate ... i think a common misconception is the question what mbti means by extraversion vs . what psychology means by it . this becomes even more confusing when tests of the mbti operationalize extraversion ... i really like your idea of differentiating between different stages . but i'm afraid that the result are almost always traits . we would have to find a test which analyzes the different perception ... mh . my point is not that the types are communicated wrongly but since people seek different things in these theories , they are bound to fail with these myriads of descriptions which all rely on ... i obsess with typology for years and i ask myself two questions . why am i doing this and why will i not get an answer . probably , the second is the answer for the first . :) i tend to move in these ... i think there is a general misconception of vices and sins . sins are actions , vices are personality dispositions . so what you mean on a personality type level is vices . while vice leads to sins , it ... sherlock from the us tv series is a sure entp , bbc is intj . i read somewhere colombo is entp too ... that seems strange but it makes sense . all of him cries out si supressant . :D he is also most ... @ robynci'm curious as to your opinions with this star trek i . enterprise i know that this is not a ressource . again : i am not looking for pseudo psychological trait assumptions but for something that allows me to compare answering patterns . to differentiate people from ... hey people , i was wondering if anyone around here knew about sources for enneagram statistics or tests that compare with the same . i was looking at this one : helloquizzy.com : enneagram test - ... chaotic neutral , as always ... i think i did 10 of these tests so far , sometimes true neutral , sometimes chaotic evil , bit 80 percent were chaotic neutral . i guess i'd just walk into random apartments and sit there for a while , maybe leaving a cryptic message for the owners , imagining their boring lifes , or maybe i'd climb to the roof of the highest ... hm ... why would anyone think jack o'neil is entp ? he seems like the classical sensor ... down to earth , i mean , and since he's a p it would be hard to explain . plus , even though he seems rather ... i single out poeple and discuss , even strangers , mostly female ;) i am not very interested in groupp situations , too complex , so i try to creat a number of smaller connections . and yes , i tend to do ... indeed , get those fuzzy little intjs ;) i have to say i never met an entp before of which i'm sure , but i know one who might be and although she's a bit intimidating , she's very very hot . :) ... live and let live everything is relative don't try to make people love you try not to hurt people when it happens , make it worth it every moral statement has its limits hehe . well , my problem is that i don't have enough fear . i'm too confident until i screw something up . after finishing a preparation test , i think that went ok , no problem for me . well , i have to ... my intj friend is female and i am not used to beating women . drinking game is an interesting approach , but i'm afraid that would be rather counterproductive yes , screwed is the right expression well , thank you for the mantra idea , i thought about it but assumed sports would work better . i will try it , i don't remember when i was in absolute silence ... welll , i'll have to find a new one , the one i've been learning with was very ... distracting well , i have a little problem with my new college course , especially since all my grades are defined by fill in tests without any creativity . i find it hard to do anything that needs routine , ... i can be good , bad or ugly , depends who i'm talking to ... i try to guess what people want to see so i can control them better . well , i think i do all the things above ;) i help people who feel ... i hate people repeating their stupidity . saying it once , i can accept . repetition makes me mad and i don't mind hurting their feelings , beliefs or concept of life . maybe i'm too impatient , but i ... yes , when i can convince myself and rationalize , i rock . but actually , i prefer saying nothing with a lot of words , always keeping a backdoor in my statements . i actually prefer not to lie , since i ... hm ... i start off a conversation . when i think she's interesting , i start talking about music or something . problem is to find the perfect moment to ask her to take a walk and maybe kiss her , before ... eh , never struggeled , easy kill . no seriously , i hate religion always as much as it hates me . as long as it's powerless , i'm fine with it . i used to be a more agrressive atheist , but i calmed the ... imperious , choleric , irascible , extreme in everything , with a dissolute imagination the like of which has never been seen , atheistic to the point of fanaticism , there you have me in a nutshell ... only rl , but than constantly . people are shocked first , but sometimes i let people with low self esteem win and they get a real ego boost , it's nice to see . but sometimes it's just fun . so the conclusion , it's senseless anyway ? hey , team pointless won the pointlessness competition oh yes . trust issues , oh yes . i trust people not further than i can throw them . i have been disappointed to often and always need some kind of control . you know you're an entp when you have read all classic literature ... half these types are our temperaments :) of course we age , we make experience , learn to shut up , but basically , entps really love to talk . and although this self confidence can be shaken at some point , in ... yeah , its the one bullet paradox , when you use power , you lose power . well i'd be baffeled if a person with obviously low self esteem would be typed entp ... i love amanda palmer but strange that you put it on a entp playlist :) she is so ... f . however , i say modest mouse , the kills and maybe the shins ? oh , when i was much younger it was jadzia dax ... but i am not the crushing type ... i really like marla singer , though yes , but camus didn't see himself as an existentialist , but as something he called absurdist , but you are right with your interpretation of sysiphus . i don't see myself as an existentialist either ... hmmm ... i am not an anarchist , i just like to blow things up and look what happens ( methaphorically ) . i don't think it would be better for humanity than what we have now and actually i don't care ... i ... i guess you took your pick and it smells like camus . ^ ^ your defiant hope sounds a lot like sisyphus . i guess i got away from defiance to simply enjoying it . i guess there weren't many real hedonists ... oh yes - . - i once explained in detail the practice of impaling in school since it was mentioned in some historic source . people got a bit freaked . i am full of strange trivia . last week someone ... i'd like to have a gun but in germany the restrictions are pretty heavy . plus , they wouldn't give me a gun . well , i guess they shouldn't . on the upside , the chances of being shot in the streets are ... i would buy all copyrights and destribute the contents over the internet . than pump so much money into the market that inflation destroys all value . in this day all stoxx would collapse , all debt ... the problem with the chain of reasons is that it either has to end , and would therefore lack reason or is cyclic , therefore exists in it itself . either way , pointless , afterall . but i have to say ... i thought about giving details about my habits and needs to compare but i don't think the text i wrote was appropriate . let's just say yes and i wouldn't want it any different . when i was younger i ... of course , which might be caused by the objective lack of meaning in exsitence . and still we exist ... strange , isn't it ? well ... i used to have that feeling , a life without hope and future . when i ... ne is awesome , go for it . i just like looking at a tree in the wind sometimes and see the overall symmetry , focus , unfocus , trying to anticipate the movement of a certain leaf . starting at a detail ... '