' sure , i didn't mean to imply that they weren't , but now that you mention it , my original post sounded really douchey ( just went back and changed it ) . what this guy did was really immature , but ... hesitated to post this because the husband in question sounds like a huge jerk , but this approach to analyzing relationship issues definitely resonated with me : ... trying to get four people together who live in three different states ( travel time to destination up to 6 hours ) is such a headache ... it's been about a year since the first proposed date and we're ... will do ! intj : alcohol recreationally a couple times a week or less ( bars / clubs sometimes , but usually just chilling with my boyfriend at home ; 1-2 in a night , never more than 4 ) , tried coke once ( i was ... great answers ! thanks , guys . : happy : yes . honey . leave his cheating ass . i've been there ( not the exact situation , but strung along all the same ) - - when i broke it off i was bitter , fuming , couldn't trust men for a while , and ... best decision ever . when i studied abroad i lived in a dorm situation with 35 other international students . by the nature of study abroad i had something major in common with everyone ( interest in ... i've always tended to have a small , close group of friends , but over the past year my tight-knit group of several years has slowly dissipated due to big life changes ( moving , new jobs , marriage , grad ... when you deliberately throw out remarks in an offhanded manner about pointless life details as a means of humanizing yourself . pretty much everything imperatrix said ! presenting yourself well is a lotta damn work . but i've had some fun with it , too , and seeing myself in the mirror looking put together and well-dressed is ... i love books so much . up till yesterday i had 18 books checked out , most for final papers , 6 for fun . if interlibrary loan were a man i would marry it . because any man who can get me english ... i criticize your unconscionably vague monosyllabic criticism . g - 92 r - 98 h - 83 s - 54 i'm pretty indiscriminately chivalrous ( i feel guilty otherwise ! ) , which , i think , has helped a lot of people , but also been taken advantage of a few times . ( not ... happens to me pretty often ! it's great in a discussion , but i've noticed if everybody's goofing around and i'm characteristically quiet but try to jump in , people stop laughing ... buzzkill . people ... intjs got that one a few times too ! : crazy : i'd say of my type : most likely to kill a ( dangerous ) stray animal ( if nobody else was willing to ) . ( unless i'm off the mark ? fellow intjs ? ) ... makeup ? 2 concealers , foundation , powder , blush , eyeliner , mascara , clear mascara ( eyebrows ) , brow pencil , sometimes highlights / shadows ... unless i sleep too late . doesn't look like i have that much ... my roommate was an immature xsfj . in conversation , smooth sailing , pleasant company even , as long as we didn't , you know , talk about anything . it ended disastrously ; she was insecure , spiteful . i ... the repartee ! entp : honey chicken = amazing . me : excessive green concealer = zombie . entp : zombie = amazing . me : that too . every thinking-of-you text is a thinly-veiled challenge to a verbal ... so some dude had the stones to sit down next to me and demand i start a conversation , as he was weary of always having to be the one to break the silence . ( imagine that . ) i was , evidently , the ... 18,000 children starved today , but thank heaven god delivered my friend's car from costly damage when she slid into a snowbank ! ... i still haven't come to terms with the fact that there's no way ... i just trampled a guy without meaning to by hitting on a major insecurity :/ he got really attached really fast , then got grabby , which was a level of emotional and physical intimacy i can't deal ... uncertainty gets me every time ! when i'm not sure how to tackle something , like a complex thesis , i'm more likely to put it off , which only makes it harder since i'm pressed for time when i finally ... your aspie score : 33 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 175 of 200 you are very likely neurotypical ... going off of hollywoodk 8 , i think other ways type could impact someone's weight is extent to which they're concerned with their appearance and / or health as well as lifestyle . i don't know that much ... thanks for this thread , i was thinking about this the other day ! i love you entps , but i'm well-acquainted with one who's very immature . it's painful to watch him hurt and frustrate himself and ... time american machine best classes british found night till actually ehh . neutral . when i was put in charge of a group of children i tended to be more bored than anything if it was going well . my sister's six years younger and i've volunteered as a camp counselor ... do you think they were , necessarily ? if she had authenticating information they might not have been any the wiser . but i'd say ask a legal counselor ; some organizations provide free assistance . everyone , thanks for the insightful feedback ! agokcen - think you're right about that . don't get me wrong , i love entps , and this experience changes nothing ! ♥ vel - ... oh . um . that actually ... fuck . i don't know the specifics of your situation , but you're absolutely justified in taking legal action for credit fraud if you choose to . username : colombina's a stock character from commedia dell'arte , a form of masked theater from 16th - century italy . she's often the only functional intellect on the stage despite being a woman , ... i'm not an expert , but my academic writing is very strong and i've been developing my nonacademic style . for starters , just read a lot . my dad read to me as a kid , i read at or above my level in ... in a social setting , more unapproachable than intimidating , i think . up till i decided to start giving a damn about how people perceived me ( after about a semester of college ) , i noticed a weird ... learning intjs are one of the least religious types doesn't surprise me much : s i have never understood how people who claim to be so utterly devoted to their creed can have their faith shaken by ... for me , depends on the intent & level of intimacy . actually , i'm fine with casual physical contact , if that's all it is ! when i was in italy i thought the little shows of warmth among friends in ... this situation looks ... pretty bad from my vantage point . i'd appreciate an entp perspective ! :) so : my entp . we met . we clicked . it was pretty much amazing . then he asked me if i had feelings ... taking my husband's name wouldn't bother me . i like my family name and my clan history's pretty cool , and i have no problem with hyphenated surnames , but i think having one would be a little ... emotions kinda suck sometimes . : mellow : i've wasted a lot of time on things i would've been better off without , and could have distanced myself from earlier if i'd been able to overcome my ... same here . then it gets awkward and so much for that friendship . :/ when i was younger almost all of my closest friends were boys . now i have a few more female friends than male , though i often ... i've tried establishing a strict routine but my daily schedule can be somewhat unpredictable , so i try to fit in workouts 6-8 days out of 14 for flexibility . i warm up with a 5 - minute run and do ... i kinda like this aspect , you don't see that versatility in most types . oh also , forgot to mention - - i admire the entp tendency to have impressive rhetorical skills . before i realized what was ... i like their offbeat sense of humor & how everything seems to come easily to them , and their quirky charm : tongue : despite being laid-back in social situations they can be crazy ambitious and have ... i don't think i'm doomed , though i'll freely admit to almost unrealistically high standards . i think my biggest issue is that i'm insecure about expressing interest when i'm attracted to someone ; ... '