' result : tritype 135/351 / 513 . pretty accurate . i'm definitely 1w9 and i'd have guessed 135 or 136 for my tritype . yeah , that's my sense of it too from what i've seen on the forum . i don't seem to get a lot of bs / nonsense for my personality . out in the real world , my experience is one of being almost ... same , i've tried to play rock band drums and actual drums at friends ' houses a few times and failed horribly . playing drums requires way more coordinated motion than i can pull off . : laughing : re : ... you can underline a ш or draw a line over a т in russian cursive to help resolve ambiguity . not that english cursive is immune to this problem either , several of the letters start to look pretty ... yes , more than most people . sometimes it is exactly what it sounds like . not particularly . i'm not a big fan of either texting or talking on the phone . texting is useful sometimes , but i don't ... grinchintrees you're a moderator now ? congrats ! more or less the way you're doing it . obviously the easiest way to move to a new place is to have some kind of job lined up before you go , but if that's not likely to happen it's ok to just go , but ... 5 years old , but this still cracks me up : laughing : all the lights and decorations are kinda nice , but the music piped into every store is really grating , mostly because it's so universally terrible . between the crowds and the bad music , i prefer to ... i'm impressed by their aim . even flying low to get a look at what's on the ground , you'd want to be going at least 70 knots (8 0 mph , 130 km / h ) . : shocked : if anything , i'd guess that people assume you're young not because of the girl in your username but because it's a reasonable assumption on the internet if you don't know . i like that perc lets ... flaviagemina i've run into this kind of thing as well . at least in the us it's uncommon for anyone to openly judge you for having opposite sex friends , but i do pick up on people assuming that my ... i'm in the same position . nothing going at the moment , and it's been that way for some time . also worried that it's only going to get harder as i get older . anyway , feel free to drop me a pm if you ... yeah , i've been in the same position . the easiest way to get over a crush is probably not to see them anymore . but that's an extreme response , and it won't work for pinky because he's a coworker and ... i like hearts too , but i'm good enough that none of my friends want to play me . seems to be a common problem with that game . : frustrating : my istj father can crush me in hearts and other card games ... i don't buy much of anything , so overspending has never really been a problem . when you are at a supermarket can you stick to a shopping list ? ( i . e . do you do well with resisting deals on ... maybe it'll go full circle and she'll come back and replace you . :p roud : no , i don't have much stuff at all . moving halfway around the world a couple times will do that for you . : happy : i've spent about 3-4 years of my life having only one room of my own and two suitcases ... i agree with your son here . i think it ruins a song like longview to censor the lyrics . either play the song verbatim or don't play it at all . nice , another person in my field taste the rainbow : tongue : always thought that one could double as a slogan for acid . haha , i saw the asparagus water thing when it happened and thought it was marketing genius . whole foods knows at least some of their customers will buy anything labelled natural or organic , so at ... i was pretty bad about skipping some of my master's classes because the professors would just read the slides . it seemed much more efficient to just read the slides myself . occasionally skipped class ... the problem with a public performance is that it will go one of two ways : either it works , and you have a story to tell people for years to come about how you got together , or it will fail horribly ... hey , maybe the neanderthals were the intelligent ones and the homo sapiens were the uncivilized brutes with a propensity for violence . : laughing : fiction . it's irreplaceable , reflects the creativity and imagination of the people that wrote it , and can also tell you something about the culture of the time through the topics treated and the way ... yep , i saw the book when it first came out and thought i just want this on my bookshelf as a conversation piece , whether it's good or not . it's pretty entertaining . :p roud : i know , that was my reaction too . it's personal when this stuff happens in paris because i lived there and i recognize these places . right after charlie hebdo , when all the news sites had photos ... you can never go wrong with breakfast :p roud : that is a lot of clothes . : shocked : my return period is about 2 weeks , after which i run out of underwear and pants . yeah , humor can be a defense mechanism . i like to joke around in general , but it can also be an attempt to defuse tension or say something when i'm not sure how to react . makes sense . though i ... cinnamon 83 intj-estp is an unusual matchup , but there's no reason why it can't work . i know maybe three estps , one has been a close friend for a few years and we get along very well . my guess is you ... reminds me of a couple articles i've read digging for their lives : russia's volunteer body hunters - bbc news - about volunteers working to identify and bury world war ii dead in russia the first ... : laughing : i dunno , sometimes it's out of your control . i had one apartment that was just great for plants . everything i put in there thrived . surprising , too , because i had north facing windows in a cold ... i'd say zero , my mental stability is fine with or without either one . both could boost my happiness , but neither has a kind of make-or-break importance . i'd argue that people who think being in a ... a few years ago , my roommate managed to get the sandwich shop next door to our building to deliver to our living room couch . as in , he buzzed the delivery guy into the building , told him where the ... i knew about the program , but maybe the list of languages isn't as strategic as i thought because it does line up pretty well with a list of most common languages . spanish is an obvious omission , but ... definitely . one semester the air force sent recruiters to my russian class , which was interesting because the us was on nominally good terms with russia at the time . reminded me that the us ( and ... texting is nicer than calling people out of the blue , to be sure , but it's imperfect because of the character limits . i really prefer long-form writing , like forums , email , memos , research papers , ... my degrees are in civil engineering , a conventionally useful field . never thought of doing a degree in it , but i took russian language and literature classes as an undergrad and it was one ... halloween ( constant doorbell ringing ) and new year's eve ( fireworks ) also suck for dogs . : wink : nope . but this conversation happens whenever i see a doctor . what are you allergic to ? every tree on the planet oh dear ... no getting away from that one , is there ? maybe if i move to ... yeah , there's probably a lot of mistyping out there . i think the problem with mbti is that it implies types with most of the same letters are similar , when it really depends on which letter ... no , i agree with the practice and think it would be rude not to take my shoes off . but i also grew up in a region that has snow on the ground about 5 months of the year . everyone's shoes are covered ... i put on some music and power through it . if i feel my eyes starting to glaze over , i'll take a break and go for a walk or something , because i know that's when i'll start to make mistakes if i try ... my sympathies . it's incredibly boring staring at the ceiling for hours on end willing your body to sleep . after 2-3 hours of that i usually give up and go do something , but it's never fun the next ... squirrel is a strange word . so is its french equivalent , écureuil . looked up the etymology out of curiosity and the english word comes from old french , which in turn comes from ancient greek . huh , ... i agree with all of figure ' s reply , so this stuff might be related to enneagram type . 1 . eye contact i have a couple friends who never make eye contact , and agree that it's kind of odd . i will ... obsession with trains , later extending to other forms of transportation , culminating in engineering degrees and a career in transportation research . :p roud : one story for you , when i started ... '