' i answered d . you can thank my fnj ness for that . ah , ok , i kind of see what you're saying . i think we can break this down into parts . first , we should be clear that the correlation on the mbti of n with p and s with j indicates a tendency , not a ... hmm ... ok , so i'm going to ramble a bit , and take this in a personal direction , before bringing it back to a more impersonal level with regard to personality disorders . i used to think that my n ... when i was younger and lived in a place where it was more dangerous to be out , pride fest / parade had a certain unity and fight to them , a bit of a nervous , defiant , celebratory energy . nowadays , ... wow ! this has been a very stimulating thread for me . thanks everyone ! massive post coming up . you've been warned ! i completely agree ! - - - sedem fucking fill me in , ok ? i have no idea why you said that in response to my post . would you care to clarify ? when i think of bullying , i think of my experiences in high school and middle school , which were a ) relational ( in that my [ future estp best ] friend turned our entire shared friend group against me ... so here's something i've observed in myself and in other people who are infj , which includes multiple people in my own life and in several people online who identify as infj . what i've observed is ... the tendency to feel negative emotions ( or to have a broader range of emotions ) is categorized under the neuroticism ( or emotional lability vs . stability , or sometimes called limbic / calm ) dimension , ... seems pretty clearly nf , probably infp , although i wouldn't be surprised by infj or enfp . enfj would be a hard sell for me . it's always nice to have another enfp on perc . welcome ! thanks everyone ! shucks . : blushed : ellis bell , you are the biggest sweetheart , and by far my favorite forumite . thanks for posting this . rarest : female _ntjs next rarest : male infj ( i ) nj's are humanity's four leaf clovers . something i already knew from life experience . i would feel bad for the female ... i really resonated with this thread . yep , that's the one . ellis bell said something insightful about fi and nardi's test ( in another thread ): it's certainly possible that you are intp ( and hey , inxp might also be a good label if you think it fits ) ... assuming the percentages for the other dimensions were not similarly ambiguous , that would be consistent with an intx type . the step i results you posted likewise suggest that your p / j preference is ... you're welcome . the reason you got two types is because your f / t preference came out exactly 50/50 . so here's a great example of why thinking in black and white terms might not be helpful . so , while ... oh god . i'm going to need a lot of alcohol in my system before i can click through all of that . cognitive function tests are a fucking mess . even dario nardi , who claims that functions are a measurable thing in the brain , can't even design a test in which , for example , intjs are more likely to ... actually , you might be interested to know that many of the test items for the p / j dimension are dirty ( and they get what they deserve . uh , ahem . ) what i mean by that is that there is an influence ... oh no . am i about to be put on an ice floe ? it's people ! soylent green is made out of people ! o_o just type the at sign , followed by the username . perc figures out the rest : if you want to get complicated , there's a mention tag , but i've never used it , so i don't know how it ... i still have aids , so you should get back to work . my cancer is gone ! wow ! in my opinion , the poor quality of online tests themselves probably play a larger factor in so-called mistypes than self-bias , although some misunderstanding about one's own preferences does have a ... hahaha , well , yeah , i wasn't referring to letting mbti decide dating or career choices , so much as referring to getting targeted advice about possible dating or career obstacles or refining your ... actually , research has shown that people who have more pronounced t preference than e preference tend to be forceful or dominant , while people whose e preference is stronger than their t preference ... the idea that infjs don't have a strong inner compass is a misconception stemming from nonsense people say about the cognitive functions . additionally , the idea that infj should identify more with ... just to clarify , in case it's not clear , my posts in this thread are not a comment on whether i like or dislike sj's , but an observation that there is stark contrast between how sj's are talked about ... i was mostly referring to the fact that modern life seems to be much more set-up for some types than other types . i think there is probably some personality privilege afforded to some types ( akin ... it sounds like you are searching between infj and intj . if you are interested , this thread contains many , many good discussions of infj , intj , and the influence of gender on f / t . this post by ... with threads like these , you always need to add the distinction : internet overrated / underrated vs . real life overrated / underrated . trust me , istj's are not underrated in real life . lady lullaby totally get what you mean about wanting to beam your insights into other people's heads ! visual typing is pretty much bullshit . i agree . p / j can be incredibly illuminating . it gets ragged on for some really undeserved reasons , mostly relating to people placing more emphasis on some nebulous meaning of function hierarchy ... could be infj , but could also be infp , no ? this is the key thing i was referring to when i spoke of the elegance of myers's approach . function-talk is hyper focused on nit-picking small differences between people who are largely similar , and ... ultimately , i think a large part of the chaos of function-talk has to do with people misunderstanding jung's vision and isabel myers's vision that was inspired by jung . there is so much function-talk ... phoenixpinion since you've oscillated between a number of types over the last few weeks , perhaps you are the perfect candidate to answer your own question . liminalthought shh , don't tell anyone . full text . edit : for what it's worth , the spousal correlation on the n / s dimension is ... just striking . reckful some days i go back and forth on my f / t preference , since there are some sub-traits on which i fall closer to t than f . i think it's strong evidence that i'm an f that i can't really ... yeah , i am not good at explaining what i mean . maybe if i relate where this idea came from , it might help . my beloved infp sister told me that she can usually see people's motivations within 5 ... i don't see what the point is of engaging acerbusvenator if his single minded goal is to elevate himself above others . why bother to correct his mistakes if he's only in it for his ego ? ♪ ♪ ♪ ~ love you ~ ♪ ♪ ♪ acerbusvenator you misstate my position and then belittle me ( based on a conjecture that stands in contradiction to the overwhelming weight of hundreds of thousands of data points collected over ... you didn't understand what i was saying , if that's what you think i said . i said it was likely that your preference on f / t was closer to the middle than either extreme end , which you confirmed . i ... i am wondering if it is a tendency for infp's to have a clear vision of another person or a situation , and flow around it ( or negotiate the space ) rather than directly confront it ( as in , vocalize ... if you're insistent on only reading about cognitive functions , well , first i'd say that you're unnecessarily limiting yourself , and then i would suggest reading lenore thomson's personality type : an ... '