  manhattan with the beautiful opening sequence   yes if you can have a civil relationship with your sister or brother you can have a platonic relationship with a women or gut lol . its not that hard , although super charismatic and sexy folk ( i know ... : sad : great writer such a fluid style of writing . abba 1 . make a friend 2 . make an electronic version of thelonious monk compositions using synthesizers and drum machines 3 . start a geometric topology institute ( my interest in math are very narrow ) i used to be addicted to them . it got to the point where i was dimming the lights in my bedroom , having epic movie soundtrack music in the background and taking 10 minute stretching breaks where i ... ti is a never ending process for me it even seems to dominate my subconscious when im sleeping . my dreams are never unrealistic or surreal . when i do dream it's nearly always about people i've spent ... your not studying the right philosophy friend . books on desk : thomas pynchon - mason & dixon emanuel lasker - lasker's manual of chess introduction to toplogy why the west rules for now edmund husserl - logical investigations as a child i was a troublemaker , argumentative and quite aggressive my parents worried that i would cause trouble in school because i was too defiant . once i started school i was bullied all the way ... i like it when strangers smile at me , makes me feel human instead of another cog in the machine of mankind . welcome back you understand ! jorge luis borges when a stranger smiles at me during rushour in the middle of london i love de la soul i play drums , piano and upright bass but i can only play jazz songs watch monty python , read some sj perelman , drink a lot of coffee , read a lot about opposing ideas ( e . g anarchism , facism , rationalism , empiricism ) etc you have to tip toe in and out of your room you make breakfast then forget to eat it you skip sleep one night because you had a new idea , then you rip that page out of your note book by the next afternoon family gatherings dr strangelove a fistful of dollars seven samurai spanish revolution richard feynman had an offical iq of 125 iq can tell you how quickly you understand and process information but it can't tell you whether you will ever write as well as shakespeare or unify quantum mechanics and general relativity . death is not inherently negative it's just mysterious , i think it says a lot about how people behave on earth . we seem to be afraid of the unknown and capital punishment is the epitomy of this state ... i get interrupted a lot aswell and can't seem to just chat everything is up for debate and i spend a lot of time telling people what they really mean when they make a comment . many mathematicians are great at solving problems and equations , however if your trained as a mathemaician at a graduate level you inevitably begin to specialise in very narrow fields of the subject ... im not an expert on the jungian descriptions but your descriptions resonate quite well with me azanshee especially the part on social situations . logical-mathematical thinkers : like to understand patterns and relationships between objects or actions try to understand the world in terms of causes and effects are good at thinking ... the equations of maths and physics appear intimidating but they are quite easy to understand if you can grasp their relationship with reality , i recommend going through some richard feynman lectures ... bbc documentary on infinity fascinating topic . bbc documentaryy on great thinkers who ... lol i have moles aswell but im the only one in my family who has them 19 no facial hair , i've never shaved , i still look like a kid . they can be annoying and noisy but they get me out of my shell and almost force me to talk which i eventually appreciate my characters are oblivious to the fact their lives are crashing around them but i struggle to write serious characters im too influenced by monty python . lol ! that's crazy i did the same thing i never crawled but i started walking after 7 months apparently i used to just hold onto things until one day i started finding a balance . im from britain and let me just say the usa gave the world the sitcom seinfeld which is as good as anything that has been produced in britain , only monty python beats it for me .. 3 older half brothers and 2 older half sisters but i've never lived with any of them so im really an only child psychoanalysis ... lacanian school i've been celibate for three months as part of a wider more general goal to cultivate self-discipline and mastery but i was addicted towards the end of high school , i never thought about sex or ... intp type 5 in peace here fellow nt buddies , i agree with the views expressed here it does feel like people are living in some sort of haze where they don't question their most basic assumptions , i ... lol i live in london , i was sat on the floor in the maths section of an almost empty bookshop on the day of the wedding alone going through some set theory books , i felt so lonely . i play chess , i move my pieces with elegance never making a sound on the board because you must treat the board with respect a girl holds your hand while your walking and asks you if you could see yourself falling in love with her ( and your not dating her ) , you tell her love does not exist and tell her to read up on game ...