' i could say that i haven't been looking for a relationship until a year or so ago . i could say that my depression was a big impact on who i am ( better now though ) . i could say that my ... to be happy . time and some more time i'd say job offer at a place i've been looking forward to work for . :p roud : answer to the topic only : yes . every scenario i haven't read in this topic and the answer is still yes . i'm sorry for how you was treated . what a douche thing to say to someone . made spaghetti bolognese with sriracha sauce in it . glorious . : happy : i tend to be quiet ... * shrugs * i mean , unless you say something interesting then i might talk your ears off ... well , if there's a crowd i might just stay quiet . : unsure : just found this song . : blushed : found a really great tune ! i've thought a lot about death . now i think it would be a relief to die . that's not to say i'm not rushing towards it . might as well stay here as i'm here now . lort is more like ' dirt ' in my superior language : tongue : skit ! yeah i couldn't see myself yelling that here in sweden . it doesn't fly ... or well ... if thrown .. nvm . i've come to accept that i'll most likely be alone . * shrugs * way to much . i kinda stopped posting altogether due to just deleting whatever i was about to post . : tongue : i'll try to get better at it though and keep some of my replies . i get that a lot ! :p roud : new avatar : happy : was fishing for a link . ah well . : wink : what challenge ? uncertain . reporting in . : unsure : needing to wake up . alcoholic & abusive dad . i'm not sure if it's all behind me yet . i guess it's been quite a crucial part of how i've come to be . how old are you first and foremost ? and i'd say you should do whatever you feel is interesting . not go to some list of what you're supposedly good at . take care :) you can't possibly be infj : tongue : i'm happy i don't live in an area that's infested with people that are interested in american traditions . and i think it helps that i live in an apartment with a locked outer door . having that ... welcome to one of the kindest places on the net :p roud : edit : that i've come across at least . when i was 8 . i was celebrating my birthday and we got some rental vhs movies for my party . later when it was time to return them , my dad couldn't find the receipt he yelled at me for an hour ... just got done listening to iron maiden - running free live in stockholm . euphoria ? yup . i voted for sweden , but then again i live here so ... my vote might be a bit biased . : crazy : next to no importance at all . up until this year i couldn't see myself being involved with anyone . all of which stems to my childhood and most of it being unresolved shit . i wouldn't want to put a ... my mom has started guilt tripping me into going away to a cabin with her and her boyfriend . : bored : so i decided to not answer to any text of phone calls of her for a while . guilt tripping is ... until reality decides to not shut me out , i'll make do with this muddy trail i'm walking . : rolleyes : i could . and i did , as much as i could whilst still living at home ( separated parents ) . i don't have much contact with any of my relatives . i talk to my sister and my mum , and that's about it ... 14 months later . inadequate doesn't really apply to me any more , nor do i think that others think that of me . peculiar ? it's damn hard to find a good word . : bored : thanks . concrete sequential 19 abstract sequential 28 abstract random 27 concrete random 26 ok .. maybe so ... * shrugs * depends on what time of year it is , what mood i'm in , what i'd like to feel et . c . music in my life is a force multiplier . i listen to a lot of different kinds of metal , some dubstep / chillstep ... yup . still obsessed with burial . : mellow : i have an esfj older sister , 7 years older . we don't really see things the same way and we're polar opposites in many things . but we're really close and i would walk through fire for her . burial is amazing ! cheers man , hope you'll like this site . :-) i might use it every once in a while , intending to be bad at it so we can laugh at how bad i'm at sarcasm . : crazy : don't be ! : tongue : i tend to get a long really well with the entps i've talked with . they seem really cool :) i don't know about which types i fall for though . * shrugs * from the other anime thread . do watch , it's great . just looked through the thread to see if i could find this anime . it feels fresh , compared to so many other animes . highly recommended . depends how hungry i am . i'm always hungry when i eat though ... so devour away .. : crazy : i'll never stop getting to know myself , that's for sure . i take whatever comes and deal with it right now , not sweep it under the rug because it inconvenient like i used to . hah , not a gambler ... i'm 24 and i haven't had a relationship worth the name . i've had much baggage from my childhood so i've been putting off any relationships . i've dealt with my problems , but i doubt i'll ever find ... i want to write an essay but , life feels pretty damn pointless . newly awake , sun in the eyes and some gravel in em as well . 66050 '