' i used to play maple story ms in 2006-09 for me it is a childhood game that i remember fondly and miss dearly : hugs : , ms today has changed dramatically and is not what it once was : heart-borken : , ... for me i just stop thinking about art or doing anything creative . : spacecraft - 1 : i go do chores or watch random documentaries : computer : and all of a sudden i'll think of an idea : smileys-sunbathing - of ... i think i should have given more context to myself haha i guess i came off as really negative or something , i just question things these are random floating thoughts in this thread i posted i'm a ... : brocoli :: brocoli :: brocoli :: brocoli :: brocoli :: brocoli : thanks : brocoli :: brocoli :: brocoli :: brocoli :: brocoli :: brocoli : you're not alone in this , i often find if i'm not keeping my mind focused on something and am just sitting at home relaxing an existential crisis is inevitable . : confused 2 : i have never been ... i was going to do a large rant but over it , i'm just going to leave these random thoughts ... i thought i was invulnerable to asmr untilll i found this video , chuck on your headphones and wowowowowowow i don't know how to feel about this ... those weird domes are what did it for ... i'm more of an optimistic nihilist : rolleyes : what about you guys ? : woof :: stomp : physical aggression : 0.64 verbal aggression : 0.70 hostility : 0.50 anger : 0.50 meh ... make trump get a sex change ! well it's not a singular reason , everything was depressing , that's why i couldn't really explain or understand why i was exactly depressed . there's not just a reason for depression / being depressed ... death by choice . it's been talked about a lot recently in my country , i think that yes , people have the right to die when they choose . not only when they are totally fucked physically and mentally ... death by choice . do you want to have the choice ? : sleepytime : death by choice . would you want to have the choice to go out when you wanted , once you reached old age ? : sleepytime : death by choice . i'm not talking about right now , but when we are all old and grey . would you want to have the choice to go out when you wanted , once you reached old age ? : sleepytime : sweet , sour or salty ? what do you like best ? : cheers 2 :: watermelon :: carrot :: do_not_feed_the_tro westeros personality types i seem to flip flop between intj & entj ... i may as well add my partners type to the discussion , my s . o is an entp and we have great chemistry physically and mentally , we make an unstoppable hive mind team when tackling problems or making ... ok intjs what is your current partners type , what is your ideal relationship pair type ? : wrecking_ball_viza _ i don't know if it's just the current generation or a changing of times but emojis are a pretty big deal . emojis have been described as the modern hieroglyphs of the new age . : smiley-cool 13 : news ... i hope that death is just nothing , as in we are alive then gone . nothing happens . our existence is just wiped off the face of the earth , our conscious just fades and we are no more . i hope it is ... rick and morty because ... why not , it's a good show ... sometimes . : computer : the looong one . : smilet-digitalpoint : carrot : yes ! : carrot : wow . what an explanation : hampster : : m0827 : noice ! lord of the rings is pretty good ! . i'm looking forward to the third one , i wonder what will happen : shocked : omg the kingkiller chronicles ocmfkjdnvkjfndkjvdsonpfdvdisbvbi that was my tongue rolling out of my mouth and onto my keyboard . : computer : i have never met anyone who has read those until this day ! ... ok so if you know your type you probably know a fair bit about it aka about yourself and how that type is applicable to you . but what do you know about other types ? for example you may know your ... try this out ^ :p uffer : how many smokers do we have here ? ... do the gophers get your vegies ? ? thanks :p roud : what do you enjoy reading ? yup it is haha , oh well they are only essays , i forget all about them after i submit them ... my current relationship with my entp partner is strong , sex is very important in our relationship as we both enjoy it very much , its a great time and awesome for bonding and a good time killer , it ... if we want to voice our opinion on something in an essay our opinion even though we can't have one , we have to argue a side of a matter , so we think abortion is bad ' for example , we would have to ... also i do short stories , i write poems sometimes , i help my s . o with his song writing , i just think of things and start writing . i just love expressing my creative ideas through expressive language ... whoop ! the thread exists : th_jtteglad : i guess i'll post something , i don't have a style apart from i like writing weird stuff ... um heres a thing i wrote .. its long .. its called the fortune ... hey bacon ! welcome : kitteh : we hope you'll post many things ; anything your heart desires ! so that we can all put our 10c in hehe yeah i love writing and using my opinions / experiences in my writing , but essays i do are not under any circumstances are we allowed to voice our personal opinion or personal experience in essays it ... i live in new zealand and we have a straaange education system , completely different than most countries . everything that we write has to have evidence to back up what we just said . i'm doing a ... sadly no : stomp : ding ding fight ! : exterminate : depression is a disease that affects many people all over the world . this is a well-known fact . do you suffer from depression ? have you come through the other side ? i think it is one of the ... where can i buy your latest erotica ? is it in stores yet ? : jedi-lightsaber :: jedi-lightsaber : say it a bit louder for those in the back plz plz : yeah : what do you binge ? :p roud : ok it's a cold winters day and it's your day off to relax ... what do you do ? imagine you have no commitments or worries and you can do anything you want but that is confined to your house . ... '