' ah ! i understand now :) i see , by rebel you mean that fi wouldn't feel so obliged to conform to any external standards / judgments ? a big downside with getting a degree is the expense . you're probably right , fe types have their personal preferences like fi types . in the same way , all types - fi types included - are socialized to a degree and their views / judgments are molded by ... intuition in general is perceiving things beyond the physical reality . for instance , se / si perceive the details of a physical object . ne / ni look behind the physical details into more abstract lines ... se appears in a few ways that i can think of : 1 . you are highly aware of the details in your surroundings . sensory details , like the smell of sea salt in the air or the feeling of the breeze on ... i think about the future , usually a general place / situation i'd like to be in or a vague this would be nice to do . long-term planning is very difficult , but not impossible . at the end of the day , the mbti defines how we observe and process information . infjs do this differently from isfps , but this doesn't mean an infj / isfp relationship is doomed or won't work ... i've liked every enfp i've met / known and i wish i knew more of them . i also found that i get on well with intps . don't think i know any infps or entps . i really appreciate ne ! the enfps in my life ... yea ! i'm always amazed with ne and think it's awesome how ne types can see beneath the surface and intuit all the different underlying layers and insights , things that would never even occur to me ... whoa ! cool :) take a look at this picture ( random forest picture from google ): my immediate impressions : - rich ... it's not that the conversation is dead per se . i may just feel like it's not necessary to respond , or i may put off responding if i'm not up for conversation / formulating words at the moment . it's ... hey isfjs , could you give an example of how isfjs are self-forgetting and give too much to the point of neglecting their own needs ? does this come up in your life and if so , how ? no . i may be unconvinced before doing something new , but once i'm actually doing that new thing it's usually fine . for instance , i might be unsure about trying a new meal if i know i could easily ... any isfp writers on the forum ? was watching this video : ( definitely recommend watching michael ... it may just be that the isfp doesn't feel it's necessary to respond , or is just happy letting the conversation hibernate at that point . do you mean that you feel other people's emotions and feelings ? for instance , you see someone getting shouted at or embarrassed in public , and you personally feel embarrassed with that person even ... i really like every enfp i know :) fun , hilarious , down-to-earth , and very caring people ( at least the ones i know ) . sorry for the confusion , my comment about mainstream / counterculture wasn't in response to yours , more just pointing out what seems like a common misconception . do you mean like a role model ? as in , you need to do something so you think about what someone you respect / admire might do in that situation , and actively try to be more like that person ? hm ... not sure if that's fe / fi though . i'm a pretty big people pleaser and i care about what other people think . fi may be particularly vulnerable to criticism of their judgments , as emberfly said , ... how would you say ni appears for isfps ? i struggle to understand this myself . sometimes i'll see something and a connection will just pop up like oh , that must relate to / mean this different ... 1 . silent , on-edge , concise , tend to slam things . 2 . don't yell at the isfp or push their buttons . take a deep breath and just say alright , i'm just gonna go cool off for a bit . 3 . depends . if ... there may be trouble with conversations that get too theoretical without concrete information or anecdotes to ground them . so a discussion about isfps and intjs being relations of activity in ... my apologies , didn't mean to get off point . i'm not a parent , but ferroequinologist's advice seemed really good , particularly about removals and time-outs . those killed me as a kid . it might help to ... eh ... i don't know . maybe it would help to take the mbti out of the equation for now , i don't know if the functions really develop so early . aye . don't worry , isfps are capable of having deep discussions . just not when they're forced . fi reaches the same conclusion , just differently i suppose . the first part of that sounds right , that fe judges by external standards . but along that line of reasoning , fi judges by internal standards . i don't think authenticity / inauthenticity really factors ... not sure the desire for affirmation is inherently related to the functions . it sounds more related to the enneagram . for instance , enneagram 3 might seek out affirmation that they are important and ... not sure if overcompensating to be the toughest , smartest , etc . is related to the functions . the functions are meant to explain cognition , not necessarily behaviors / motivations . so se involves the ... se comes up when i'm in the moment absorbing the sensory details in the present moment . in this case , se is often tied with fi . a beautiful environment or song can evoke strong emotions . se also ... how do isfps express romantic love ? it is usually said that dom / aux se users express love through action . is this true for you ? do you ever write love notes / letters ? do you ever express love through ... hey guys , i don't think it's been asked much here and i thought it'd be fun - - do you guys collect stuff ? if so , what ? for me , i like collecting cool old / antique stuff , like videogames , mugs , ... pretty rarely . if i try reading a book i usually get bored after the first few pages . but occasionally i get caught up and quickly read through to the end . great feeling of accomplishment after that ... it ends up being last man standing when the ai is stupid and attacks , whereby i squish them under the boots of my expanding armies : crazy : but hey , if they're up for alliances , i'm all for it games like risk , total war , etc . do you play them ? if so , how ? do you prefer offense or defense ? do you try to predict enemy movements ? do you have a game plan ? i usually start with strategic ... arm myself and those around me . if no weapons are readily available , make some . gather non-perishable food items in a safe location . barricade the house . wait for several days , see what happens . who ... and a glorious day that shall be ... muhuhaha ... muhuhahahaa intjs seem more cold and serious , intimidating . take a look at tommy lee jones in interviews to get an idea . brick walls , the lot of them : tongue : intps seem more relaxed , more inclined to goofiness ... what were you guys like as young teenagers ? i was pretty insecure , which made me loud and generally a pain in the ass in an attempt to get people to like me . later in my teens something just clicked ... hey guys , just curious about how do you folks come up with ideas when creating something ? or , how do you find ideas come to you ? are they prompted by something you see / hear , or do they seem to come ... many of my friends through the years ( quite possibly a majority ) have been intps . i get their humor , find them interesting , easy to talk to and easy to be friends with :) but still , it always varies ... thanks for clarifying that a bit erlian - - i relate a lot to your description of fe . but there are still some points in other descriptions of fe that i'm not sure about . for example , i'm pretty ... thank you for the thorough feedback erlian ! i do relate to the infj description in a lot of ways . but then again , i relate to a good number of the descriptions for the other types as well . i'm a ... hey guys , i'm trying to figure out my personality type , and was hoping to get some help from you folks ! i have a decent knowledge of the cognitive functions , but still find them pretty confusing . any ... 16 breaths per minute : happy : i definitely think you're fi ! i related to a lot about what you said , too , even though your experiences are different from mine . i also have a lot of doubt and confusion about my type , too , and i ... i find that sudden inspiration / motivation is often how i get started with a project . it often comes up as you know , that would be pretty cool to try and then i go try it . sometimes its something ... '