' fair enough . i don't know any enfps i could really classify as mature so you may be right . enfps can definitely be clingy - - until they don't feel like it anymore . every enfp that i've known ( i know a few very well ) can be very clingy , but they never stay clingy to the same person / thing and ... infp , more committed well , considering how highly i value loyalty and commitment in people , my track record with enfps isn't gonna be too good . can't stand any of the ones i've ever met . i do , but not how we're ( the us ) doing it right now , and primarily as a means of protection , not punishment . people tend to treat prison like it's some kind of garbage can , like if you're in there ... also : - wont drop an arument - can hold a grudge for forever and without to much forethought - wont pander to ego / soften hard truths option 1 . use all the extra time to pursue hobby i love that makes 10k - 20k a year on its own . live comfortably . catholic . though , if catholicism was what most people think it is , i sure as hell wouldn't be catholic . my best : ist ( maybe f ) j ( i think ) . he taught me medieval history and latin . was wonderfully consistent with ( very reasonable ) assignments and tests , i always knew exactly what i needed to do , and at ... gamers : what's your favorite franchise ? why ? mine's zelda . ( idk if you're trolling but ) don't do it . seriously , please . umm ... the same difference there is between intj and intp males ? most people who champion tolerance and acceptance are only tolerant and accepting of people they like / who agree with them . oftentimes they are violent , aggressive , and verbally abusive . reading , learning about random cool stuff , a lot of videogames ( though not so hot on fake slaughtering people so i do lots of pacifist runthroughs ) , just thinking ( sometimes while listening to ... yep , devout catholic . thank you for your answer . it's funny , though i was raised in my loving biological family , i had an experience very similar to yours . my family always called me and treated me as if i was , as they ... we often have the fantastic combination of a thirst for knowledge , a capable and very analytical intellect , and the determination to do what we set our minds to . we help people by using it . so being in foster care was an overall positive experience for you ? do / did you feel as if you were missing something growing up that way ? yes , thank you :) . one more thing : ( sorry , this may sound crass , but i really don't mean it to be ) did anything positive come out of the experience ? please , elaborate . if i'm wrong about something i'd like to know as soon as possible . no , but would definitely like to date someone similar to myself . impavidus i dunno , having kids seems to be the top priority of every other animal on the planet , so i wouldn't chalk it up to social pressure . i think some of you guys are misunderstanding what ... trust me , you'll get mocked regardless of whether said extroverts are biologically relate to you or not . has being an orphan strongly impacted the way you saw / see yourself ? yes , thank you ! i always wondered about that . ( i know it's a little off topic sorry ) i get all that too ! when you say getting light-headed easily is that synonymous with briefly blacking out when you stand up too quickly ? what causes all that ; ... i like the way i look , but don't really care all that much . tbh i feel lucky ; i never exercise , eat whatever i want , and am 35-25- 37 in measurements weighing 112lb , so no complaints . i guess i would ... it appears to me that this pairing is just very common in general , and not necessarily related to inxj children . but i could be wrong . knowledge 827 like the profile pic : kitteh : definitely second that , also frankenstein and lord of the flies , on the lighter side but some of my favorites . what's it like to grow up as an orphan , or in foster care in general ? i was fortunate enough to be raised in a house with a mom and dad who loved me and loved each other very much , so i have ... tbh i don't hate anyone or understand hating anyone in general . i have yet to meet someone without a single good quality . haha yes , the skyrim soundtrack is breathtaking . i personally love far horizons : and from past to present : ... i like intense emotional threads in songs / movies / books etc . provided it's realistic , believable , and doesn't overpower the rest of the work . ( even information , laws of nature , etc . are something ) to answer your question , i thought the idea was cute , but nevertheless insufficient . it supposes that there was never a nothing to begin ... warning : we also love cuddling hipster ( who probably uses tumblr ) :) can we revive the field guide ? i thought that was really cool ... esfj . no question about it . i suppose that's true , to a degree . i know a lot of people who just accept whatever belief system they are exposed to without questioning it . but that method quickly falls away when one's respective ... of course the idea of anybody doing things like this , especially catholics who know exactly how bad these things are and do them anyway , horrifies me . but ( regardless if your claims are true or not ) ... for the same reason that god forgives murderers and rapists . despite how sappy it sounds , god sees us all as his children and loves us unconditionally ; so much so that he will forgive anything we do , ... to ( over ) simplify it , the idea is that these people choose god as their spouse , and dedicate their lives to serving him directly , rather than through a husband / wife . with priests there's also the ... good luck , i hope you succeed in your worthy endeavors ( i'll pray for you : wink : ) . like i said before , there are places to debate if you want to do so , but this isn't one of them . ( if you just want to troll , the youtube comment section might be a good place to start ) while it's definitely true that being catholic doesn't make you necessarily good by any means , the corruption of those times was mostly due to the fact that political power and religious power was ... i'm glad that you're seriously trying to find the truth and answer the big questions ; not a lot of people do that , even though it's actually super important to do so , if you think about it . but not because you actually care about the issue or take it seriously . people talk about faith as if its some mystical force , transcending reason , but it's really just trust . faith in god is no different than faith in your spouse or faith in your brother or faith in ... it's not so much that protestants don't know something that we do , it's more that they're a little misguided when it comes to certain topics . for instance , protestants reject the authority of the ... ... is there a question you wanted to ask ? because if you want to debate , this isn't the place to do it . ( also , the video assumes entropy and particles already exist , so it still isn't something ... '