' i mistyped myself as infj , again because the tests are a bit silly . p / v questions all seemed to revolve around how timely i am , or how organised i am . since i have a bit of a thing about always being ... someone called me this in an argument today and it's really getting to me . they hit a nerve , and they know it . i do feel defective . i'm too quiet , too sad , too dreamy . i laugh too loudly at things ... i would love to have a family one day . ideally it would be as a result of a stable and loving relationship . as a product of a single parent family , i'm not sold on the idea of raising a child alone ... cats are superior to dogs because they do not pursue love ; they let love pursue them damn , i wish i had more meaningful quotes family . maybe it's because i'm still in high school , but i do see friendships as quite fleeting things . it's sad , but i probably won't be in contact with half of my closest friends in ten years . ... somewhat intelligent , remarkably lazy . bright pink . not a colour that i can wear , given my colouring , but it's such a happy colour : happy : oh gosh , wow . i feel so vanilla . : blushed : i once made a very rude comment to rather unfriendly girl insinuating that she had an std . very out of character and i am well aware that it was a ... chalk me up as a make-up wearer , albeit a very casual one . i have nothing but respect for people who take the time to make themselves pretty in the morning , but my make-up routine is less about ... house mock the week glee peep show green wing i sing pretty much non-stop . i won't sing in front of anyone else , so when i'm alone i really go for it . i also sit upside down when i'm alone . i get too many odd looks when i do it in company , ... i'm pretty much the same . i mean , i'm just as shy irl as i am online , i don't really post a lot . i'm probably more passionate in real life . i just get more worked up about things that are ... laziness and procrastination ( sic ? ) for sure . there's no easy way to get past laziness sadly , i just have to do some hard work and get off my big butt : crazy : do it ! i didn't even get many funny looks , it's generally accapted that i'm the eccentric by now . i could dance naked around a maypole without comment at this stage . congratulations ! of course , no type is better then any other type , all types are equal , but infp's are better then any other type . ssh ! you didn't hear it from me : wink : i tested as an infj ... i was at a party for the first time in yonks the other day ( infp at a party ? ! burn the witch ! ! ) and i felt like such an infp at one point . i had kicked off my annoyingly high heels and had grabbed ... age - 16 height - 5 ' 4 eye colour - dark blue hair colour - mousy brown enneagram type - 4w5 add - nope . yes , i have lapses in concentration sometimes and i do find it somewhat difficult to concentrate on something i'm not interested in , but i think everyone's like that a bit . as for ... aww , guysss : cool : i haven't blushed so much since madam pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs . i'm watching that mitchell and webb look . numberwang . i go off into random laughing fits occasionally . if i find something funny , i don't tend to repeat the joke to anyone else , so it can look like i'm just laughing to myself . for example , in french ... like : the fact that i always do the right thing , even if it takes me a while to get round to it my loyalty my sense of humour my lazy eye the sense of calm i have , because i know that ... soft if i'm chilled out , yes . if i'm annoyed , excited or scared it goes shrill . . whether i like someone , or dislike them , my behavious will usually be quite similar : i'll avoid them both . with the people i'm attracted to , i'll avoid them because i have an awful fear of ... i'd rather be underestimated then overestimated . i like the element of surprise :d ry : i used to be a skinny little twig , then i got depressed and gained a whole bunch of weight . to put it in a nice way , i eat my feelings . but i am actually kind of pleased with the result . i was ... two words : trashy tv . i cannot watch good tv shows when i'm miserable , so i just lock myself up in my room , watch gossip girl and the jeremy kyle show and stuff my face . also , i live in my winnie ... i am so bad at public presentations . they make me feel physically sick and it shows . i get frog in throat syndrome and it becomes hard to get the words out . so it sucks that i have to do a whole ... i know how you feel , because i do the same thing too sometimes . but the fact that you feel bad and want to stop gossiping is a good thing . i think because i am at heart a people pleaser , i do ... i'm currently in year 11 ( sophomore ) and it is getting stressful : sad : i kind of coasted by during my first four years of high school , and now i'm sitting back and going oh gosh , if i want any ... 8 . i feel hopeful , which counts or a lot i think . i mean , if i eat a bunch of chocolate then i'm happy for an hour or two , but hope is just the best feeling in the world . it keeps me in a ... music ( songs , because i rarely like whole albums or artists whole ouvre . itunes was made for me : blushed :) son of a preacher man by dusty springfield wild young hearts by the noisettes new york by ... penny awelon . not very funny , that could be an actual name : confused : my default face is a very grumpy one . i always get random people coming up to me and asking me if i've got a problem , because i've been giving my default face while staring into a space . oops : unsure : i'm feeling very happy today , and this is just such a happy and silly song : laughing : 1 . are any of you as disgusted by most reality tv shows as i am ? um no , not really . i'm not the biggest fan of most reality shows ( less the hills and more house ! ) but i'm actually quite a big ... gosh , love it . hmm , signature steal methinks . a nice star wars quote to go with it and i can officially cement my geek status . honestly though , some of those superlatives are a bit random but ... hmm , i've never been called crazy . lazy , yes , several times , but never crazy . i get people telling me i'm quiet a lot too , but in a vaguely insulting way : gosh emily , they say , shocked , you're ... i was really into astrology at one stage , so i know all my signs : tongue : sun in scorpio ( the main sign , rules the core self ) ascendant scorpio ( how other people see you ) moon in gemini ... being an infp can be a wonderful thing , and you just need to learn to remain positive and happy . yes , i know it's not always that easy to be happy , but every type deals with unhappiness and ... hey , with friends like these , who needs enemies ? honestly , friends can come in all shapes and sizes , but the basic requirement is that you have to at least like your friends . if you don't like ... i'm a terrible fidget with my glasses . i'm constantly pushing them up my nose , or peering over them when i want to seem intimidating ( when i'm actually about as scary as a rabbit wrapped in ... 1 . what mbti type are you ? infp 2 . on a scale of 1-5 , how easy was / is english / language arts in school ? 5/4 3 . on a scale of 1-5 , how easy was / is math in school ? 4 4 . how many musical instruments ... that was a beautiful post : happy : and yes , rain is amazing : laughing : i'm going through a typing everyone stage , but there are two people i just can't type alone , and i'd appreciate any comments or suggestions . first off is my dad . he has quite and odd sense of ... the second i thought of what separate schools would be like , i didn't think of the academic , social or even vocational aspect of it . no , my first thought was gosh , nf schools would totally have ... i've just hit the halfway hump of my teen years ( exams , sex , other people aghhh ) but i'm actually coping with it pretty well . my early teens , not so much . the less said about them , the better , to be ... i can relate to what you're saying , and i am prone to depression and i'm just generally a miserable cow at times . but i do wonder whether that's down to my nf preferences or if it's just another case ... i love reading . at the moment i'm reading the six wives of henry viii by alison weir and different seasons by stephen king . i work myself into hulk mode occasionally , but only wth my mum . she's one of those get all your rage out type of people , so my screaming and ranting doesn't really phase her . i wouldn't dare scream ... '