' i'd post this on the intj board , but perhaps those here might understand this a little better ... : wink : i'm at the stage & age now in my life where i know certain things have not only been ... it's not unfortunate , as i completely agree ! we've tried it twice .. history didn't repeat , but it most certainly rhymed .. similar experiences both times .. how it started , how it happened , & how it ... i like to think i've got a pretty decent sense . : happy : at the same time , i've found ( both personally-speaking & from others ) that intjs can be a bit of a magnet for bpds for various reasons ... yes , i understand it's not a question with easy answers . there can be some over-lap / meld with it . all personality types , regardless of the state of their mental health , can have negative factors . ... speaking of former enfp lady friend .. & yes , she did have borderline personality disorder one could argue that there is some perceived overlap of traits , such as extreme / intense emotions , ... i hear ya ! i'm at a similar stage in my life right now , & have been going thru similar things . i recently read something about how many people tend to get burnt out after 10-15 years in the ... i'd post this on the intj board , but i'm not so sure how many there would relate ... background : i've had a tough 2 weeks or so , big life change ... i've also had a tough 9-10 months , dealing with ... in some cases , absolutely . been there , done that . but i think it may also have to do with the intj reserved nature & cool , inner confidence , as well as some aloofness , which might attract more ... it's attempted by people in the corporate world , too ... dysfunctional love hurts / is painful - - but just nature's little way of letting us know that we have some internal issues to work on ( as does the other involved party ) . real love doesn't hurt . ... whether in romance and / or friendships ? if so , why do you think this is ? and could this be prevented somehow ? intelligence , knowledgeable , life-experienced , mutual respect , reciprocity , honesty & open-mindedness , stuff like that .. i've found that i typically get along best with intjs & intps also ... i should clarify , though : enxps can * definitely * draw an introvert from his or her shell ! and for that , i am grateful for ... : happy : from an intj's perspective : while there are plenty of people out there who have been thru worse , at the same time i've probably been thru more in life than your average joe , anyway .. not to ... not for nothing , and i'm definitely not implying anything about anyone here .. just want to throw this out there ... but this is one way i've found myself getting romantically involved with some ... agreed . love shouldn't be painful and / or crazy . and when that's present , it's a toxic dysfunctional relationship where at least one person isn't mentally / emotionally / spiritually healthy enough . ... i'd prefer not to , as this isn't really the appropriate place to do so .. it truly goes beyond any sort of enfp / intj dynamic and while i certainly don't want to discount any of the meyers-briggs ... i've had somewhat of interest in psychology ever since i was fairly young .. however , i don't think i'd be able to personally handle dealing with such people / illnesses on a day-to-day basis .. i ... depending on the severity of their illness , & as well as where they are ( if anywhere ) in any kind of treatment ( professional or otherwise ) , just know that it is up to * them * in getting better .. and i ... i'm a fairly bright , observant & analytical intj .. believe me when i say she certainly meets the criteria as bpd .. and those who i personally know / knew who have gotten involved with her also would ... after we parted ways the 1st time years ago , her behavior & what-not had such an impact on me , that i * had * to research online to see exactly what her deal was .. i'm no shrink , but without a doubt : ... and this is why they call us the masterminds ... : happy : i'm typically brutally honest .. however , doesn't normally take well in a dysfunctional corporate environment - - or sometimes even with interpersonal relations .. as for lying , which i will do ... agreed .. there are types out there who are a lot more anal than us ... & personally , it can really bug the sh | t outta me .. we intjs can roll wiff the best of ' em , all loosey-goosey style ... yer an intj .. therefore , yer an idiot when it comes to female signals or what-the-fuk-ever .. either that , or those gay guys already know something that you don't yet , yourself ... take ... one of the toughest females i know ( enfp ) also happens to be , as i've found out the hard way many a time , probably one of the most sensitive .. : shocked : fishin ' for compliments , are we .. ? : wink : puzzle ? yes & no .. intriguing ? hellz yeah ... ! ! : happy : i dunno .. i've always found enfps to be really really different - - from others & from ... dude , that's just creepy .. even for an intj ... : happy : why does this seem like a troll .. ? : sad : you & that little siren are no fun .. : sad : wouldn't it be neat if like a ton of people voted , only because they were doing so privately .. but then the op switches a poll setting & all of a sudden everyone's names would display .. ? ... when viewing the poll results , how come we can't see who voted how .. ? : unsure : it did .. ! : shocked : : angry :: mellow :: crazy :: mellow :: angry : prolly one of those things where it tastes nowhere near as good as it sounds ... : unsure : i dunno .. if you focus on conan the whole time , it's pretty : laughing : , too ... okay , back to the topic ... a world with only enfps would be waaay too chaotic & stuff ... wait .. we're not talking about nickel , are we .. ? : unsure : running concurrent computer programs in yer brain which retrieve & piece together all kinds of crazy previously-stored data & then spit out answers of high-probability accuracy ... never fails ... but they aren't out of nowhere .. : happy : i do it .. enfp does it .. & we both already understand why & how the other is doing it .. speaking the same lingo , just in different ... is it like that * all * the time .. ? ? : shocked : and yes , enfps & i can blather for hours , and still not feel like enough , like we're just getting warmed up .. one of them actually goes faster ... i find one of the funnier elements of the above to be how the guest has no idea what conan just did ... : laughing : 1 . ) no exaggeration : your post reminds me of an awesome enfp i know when she was around your age .. : kitteh : 2 . ) the results from any reconnection attempts will probably vary all along the ... this isn't another one of those double-meaning thingies , is it .. ? : unsure : then again .. you don't have much of a choice now , do you , dearie ... : mellow : from what i understand .. ? like in his 30s ... : shocked : yes no many definitely don't : laughing : i'm an enfp dressed in intj clothing ... : shocked : wait .. what ? ? i thought this was about some guy looking to move to a different vt town where they have better weed ... : unsure : yes .. : sad : : laughing : be forewarned .. it is one giant hug orgy-fest ... : sad : '