' i've not really seen any sensor-haters here so far ... but maybe i've missed them , and i haven't been here for very long . seen a lot of posts about sensor-haters though , that's true . as for ... my friends used to get really annoyed with me in high school . whenever they'd start gossiping , i'd make my opinion clear that i don't care and i didn't want to hear it . it was mostly about people i ... i don't know if it was the way my dad used to describe parenthood or watching my little sister grow up , but i definitely plan to have kids someday . i'm not crazy over it or anything but it's ... i usually just hang out in my living room or bedroom ... when i'm with friends , it's usually for movie nights with takeaway . i occasionally go to the cinema or eat out but i don't like staying out ... thanks ! really a thing my dad passed down to me ; we'd watch a movie almost every night . love your avatar btw . xd * insert whiny chosen one voice * what have i done ? ! i'd rather be like mufasa , haha . lot more badass . xd thanks for the welcome ! i kinda don't . :P i'm asexual but that's just me . maybe it's just that intjs generally value intellect over romance / sex and emotional connection in potential partners , so it can be easy to forget ... lol ! never gave it that much thought , tbh . xd i certainly don't use it in everyday speech . :P i'm really clueless with romance / flirting as well . there have been a few occasions where my friends were sure a guy was interested in me and would talk about it afterwards . i just never saw it and it ... i like to think i'm good with my money . i'm not in a position where i need to spend too much , but i find it easy to save it because i buy only what i need . my friends never understood how i ... thank you ! :) thanks for the welcome ! :D and maybe i'm disorientated a little . at least you quoted terminator . xd that's scary because you and your sister are very similar to my older brother and i ( we're both intjs too ) . we think so alike and we understand each other better than anyone else does but we're also ... haha , i like maths but i've never been interested in finance for some reason . xd english lit is full of potential for great debates and discussions ! but i can relate ; no-one i know seems too ... by rules , i think it's best to go with the forum rules we already have . as treebob said , the mods already handle potentially offensive posts . i think we should focus on what we can do as users rather ... yes , i would agree to respond to certain posts with logic and reason . that's what i meant by responding to things in general . i guess my main point was that because it's hard to define ' offensive , ' ... i don't think working hard for the sake of competence and being interested in knowledge and what you enjoy is at all means hedonistic . obviously ambition and advancement is important to you , and i ... from my perspective , the group is encouraging people to report posts as well as just replying to them . it's true that there is a reluctance to report posts because it's assumed a mod will see it ... uh ... cuh ? ^ ^ thanks ! :) ikr ? i didn't notice till i came here . thanks for the welcome ! :) i'm glad you shared this . i've hit similar walls with all kinds of tasks , mainly written ones , for uni or job applications . when applying for jobs , for example , when they ask general questions ... just wanted to chime in here ; i did go through a phase in high school where i looked down on many people . either because they were ' unintelligent ' or conformists . i think it is a common intj thing ... personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? you can call me dawn here , i guess . real name is jacqueline though . :) - any nicknames ? loads of nicknames in rl , mostly from my ... sounds like a good idea , i'd like to join . :) a very slow build up of feelings that i've not taken care of can lead me to cry . i just make sure i'm alone first . :P but generally , i think if i am overwhelmed with things , it can be a healthy ... 1 ) the hunchback of notre dame , tangled , mulan . 2 ) intj . 3 ) 5w6 . yeah , i don't go on fb at all anymore . it was a breath of fresh air when i stopped . just false compliments and congratulations everywhere . i think being generally calm and not really having to control emotions is part of being an intj . it's how i was for most of my life . the problem comes in when something happens to you and the flood ... i generally have that problem too . thing is , i've learned that it depends on the other person whether it works well or not . if i don't know a person well enough , i tend not to talk to them much ... tbh , paying for my degree isn't a problem for me . fortunately in my country i can apply for student loans and tuition and the interest is very good . if you're not earning a certain amount by the time ... abortion i'm for it . used to be pro-life years ago but learned it's not as simple as all that . i don't think it's something that should be used lightly but with many cases , like rape , the choice ... i personally always enjoyed maths but even if it is ' logic ' i don't think it would relate to intjs that way . learning just the theory and not being able to apply it would be tedious to a lot of ... i have a best friend who's enfp but i don't want to be romantic with her . i don't think it's the types that ' spark ' the romance , rather that enfps ( in my experience ) are good at knowing how an intj ... most of my life i've not worn makeup at all . but there are periods of time where i wear a little - it just depends on how i feel . usually it makes me feel uncomfortable and when i wear it it's ... intj and slytherin . :) ravenclaw is a close second . i don't really know him well enough to be secure in this judgment , but i'll take your word on it that he does care about you . so he was probably unsure how to comfort you at the time . i know i'm ... when you wait to go grocery shopping between the hours of four and five so there's no-one around and you get home right before the evening rush hour . yeah , i really miss studying maths and science . the answers are either right or wrong in those subjects but with english ( and history as well ) , the marking system is far too opinion-based . i'd get ... my best friend is an enfp and i can see why they could be compatible with intjs . but personally , there still seems to be a barrier between us . we're really close and can tell each other anything . but ... yep . lost a lot of motivation studying english because i felt everything that was said it tutorials or written in essays was just to please the teacher . since you're graded on tutorials , which in my ... i didn't really mind bbc sherlock . yes , he's really arrogant and perhaps a little too perfect but there are definitely moments where he lacks empathy and it's not shown in a good light . but i don't ... i never hug unless it's my close family and my one good friend . no-one else . i was greeting people at a party my family hosted earlier this year and all my far-off relatives and family friends ... your score was 66 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the high machs , people who do not believe in the goodness of the world and that because that it must be manipulated , people who ... the intj robot stereotype is just that : a stereotype . i read somewhere ( can't remember where ) that intjs can usually feel strong emotion a lot more than feeling types . we just don't express it and ... fortunately , my brother and i are both intjs and we've always enjoyed a sarcastic humour that used to really frustrate my dad . he used to get really annoyed if we were sarcastic , even if it wasn't ... i don't think i'd want to be an extrovert either . i'm happy with the way i am and i can still interact with people if i want to . but i do find a lot of people saying oh , i'm such an introvert , as ... i've never disliked the idea of birthdays before . i probably would if there was too much fake celebration about mine ( i absolutely hate all these people saying happy birthday on fb ; people i haven't ... 1 . ) i forget quite a lot of dreams , i think . recently , anyway . i remember them being a lot more vivid when i was younger . 2 . ) yes . like most dreams , mine's are quite random but they sometimes hit ... one of my favourite movies is good will hunting . loved robin williams and all the characters are likeable . :) will ( matt damon ) is a genius living with his friends in chicago . he's an orphan who ... my brother is an intj as well and he definitely has a death stare . it was the source of a lot of jokes for years because he was always known for his confident personality at school and his stare ... know exactly what you mean . i've always been a little creative so drawing or playing my piano has always helped . it helps my mind focus on one thing and slows everything down . ( also since i'm not one ... harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban . seen it a bunch of times before but when i want harry potter on in the background , that's the one i pick . :) '