' blessing estp i'm not entirely sure this is the correct place to ask such a question , but seeing as i am not really on any other forums , i have to ask : does anyone know of a good place to roleplay these days ? i've ... jonah 22 hello jonah . it's nice to meet you . i'm an infj who also struggles with some of the things you've mentioned , but to see the state of being as either a blessing or a curse is to see only ... mytinyheart you assume that most men wouldn't want you , but you might be surprised to find that not to be the case , even among those whom you would like in return . the truth is that you shouldn't ... of all the things i could be i never was forever tied down by destiny the want of mirrored love i am nothing in this great space for i am everything at once undefined as a dream's edge lost ... i've already forseen our children . global warming doesn't even exist . the earth is actually flat . i live with my in-laws . i am attracted to dentures . i cry when hearing nsync . want ... mrslunk this song is much like floating weightless over the icy mountaintops - - each rise and fall , each crag , and each peak is like a mathematical grid that underlines the deeper meaning therein ... if it's too personal , then why did you post ? are you objecting the nature of the thread ? there's no need to post your most meaningful songs if you feel uncomfortable doing so , however the purpose ... so , i had an interesting idea for the infj forum that stems from my own personal fascinations with music and the world around me . it's also kind of an experiment , as i notice that infjs all tend to ... welcome to perc ! interesting that you used to be an mbti professional . :) glad to have you here . the ones i've met in passing have been nowhere in particular other than the locations i frequent . don't fret too much about not having friends , or not having as many as you'd like - - introverted or ... neon genesis evangelion spice and wolf attack on titan aldnoah zero fate zero fate stay / night seven deadly sins fullmetal alchemist : brotherhood puella magi madoka magica sword art online ... 1 ) i find it amazing that we can connect with anyone from around the world at a moment's notice - - we can reach out and touch lives that , in times past , would have likely been unreachable . today , even ... an endless quest to truly know . i suppose i have some questions of my own for other infjs . answer them if you wish . 1 ) what is it that drives you ? what compels you to keep going in life ? in essence , what gives meaning to your ... sorry if these were at any time posted earlier in the thread , but i love these scenes :  personally , i have always liked enfps . i love their view of life and the effervescence with which they live it . each of them is unique in their own way , and i love how their individuality shines like ... the disconnected part of this is that what i term an artist is not what you term an artist , in the sense that i am trying to relate the nuance of someone who seeks out deeper meaning , not merely ... 1 ) no , i don't think i would . the reason , as in all things , is that anything that can be appreciated or given is only appreciated as it's given in passing - - it is finite . beauty would not be ... you know you're an infj when , from the moment you stepped out at 1:00 am to take out the weekly trash , you sensed something was wrong . the night is filled with hot , stagnant air , and the crickets ... sure ! i'm glad to have helped you . i have one more bit of advice i thought of : a difficulty you're likely to experience here , and an area you're not going to be comfortable in , is that you're ... 1 ) well in my case , for entps ( if i were interested ) i would probably use friendly sarcasm a lot more , and generally use a lot more jokes and friendly teasing in general . the entps i've seen do like ... be careful overextending your feelings too early with this guy . a lot of people mistake me for flirting with them because i tend to show such an interest in their lives and in motivating them to ... jimmy for what little it's worth , i see a lot of ne in you . the way you type out your thoughts jumps from idea to idea , evoking all the ideas that hit your mind one after another . your basic form is , ... aingeal alainn , i'm glad it helped you reaffirm your type ! incidentally , i know of a music video that , while ethereal and strange , very clearly depicts how an infj views their inner world and the ... well , as an infj in a bad version of your exact situation currently ( i am an infj and an entp girl is interested in me , but i am just not attracted to her in return ) , i can tell you from my ... robert 2928 thank you for your insight and opinion , however i should have clarified a few points regarding the information you used to deduce that i was an fe dominant . when i said , when dealing ... muchaparadox i am definitely leaning toward fj . my best friend is an intj and while we share similar thoughts on things , there's still a major disconnect on how we view the world . well , i've gone ... toroidal , muchaparadox , thank you very much for your responses . that video was very helpful , and helped me realize that i can't relate to ne at all and most likely use fe and ti . and mucha , your ... i can see i've probably gone a bit too intense on details and have given most everyone a lot of abstract information without direction . so i guess i'll try to spark conversation and state one small ... so , before i begin , i will apologize ahead of time for the large amount of text that will invariably ensue and result from my self explanation . i wish to offer as much information as possible about ... '