' we've used old worn out socks ( and old clothes in general ) to lay down to catch oil . i leave out information ( opinions ? ) at times . if that's considered lying , then yes . but , rarely do i do that . it's simple , don't write if you don't have to . everyone procrastinates when given mundane tasks . for me , i just do things and see if it works . it has worked so far . mega sensing athletic bubble . don't know if this really fits me or not . : unsure : the only physical fight i had was with my sibling . though , i almost got to beat the pulp out of some girl in elementary . lol ^ hey , on the bright side there's over-population going on right now , so it might help if you clear up some space ! you don't agree with me in what i think is right ... bigot ! ! ! it's yooa from oh my girl . i was used in the first raid , but this time i'll fight back . no one enters this house alive . ok , you got me . * crawls into a tiny ball of defeat * - start out thinking about the complexities of language . jump to thinking about how people think . start thinking what would it would be like living in someone else . wonder how you were born as you ... i've already killed 5 families and a homeless person today . i want to be whole different person . lmao , i want to end this suffering . well , a neo-liberal , communist living in a capitalist country would probably call me a privileged , racist , homophobic , unconsciously sexist and a nazi . then they would screech , he will not divide ... i think it was average . so , i'm good . i don't mind if i do . a surveyor . i've never done any of this stuff for anyone . and , i observe everyone . oh , no offence taken , just didn't want to look like some cunt . how was it gender ambiguous ? how does an avatar have a gender ? my gender is stated on my account if i'm not mistaken . and , yes it was a sword . it's actually from a manga called beserk , he is ... i can make this real simple : you're either : a . a boy or b . a girl drunk parrot did you already forget our intimate , love-making over the internet ? i'm shocked ! yes . most of the time it's because i forgot what the point of my response was . has this been posted ? ... as an intp i'm willing to admit that entps are superior in most cases . they are us , but with confidence . however , i'm a fucking loser , so anyone is better than me at this point . anyways , i'm going ... i feel we would only love someone if we really trusted them . so , if they did something that broke our heart , it would probably be bewildering . we might also blame ourselves , because we couldn't ... i've watched plenty of videos on this , from men's and women's perspective , it seems like naive , young women tend to lean to thuggish , bad boys . it seems to be a confidence thing . an intelligent ... how do you express anger ? - externalized anger : openly displayed anger . - repressed anger : avoidance of showing anger openly , but it sometimes manifests as passive-aggressiveness . - internalized ... - step backwards for 30 feet . - turn on your heels - start running - never comeback i tried doing the same with other types . a lot of similar things happen . i'll use esfj's as an example ; since , they are our opposite . ... yeah , i really don't . i fucking squealed when he won wisconsin . honestly the happiest moment in my life . i don't hate children . i was once one myself . no , i can just buy candy at a store ? more preferable . that's been my problem for awhile . i don't have any talents , nor anything that i'm particularly interested in . that's why i'm thinking of a skills job , rather than a a jab that requires a degree . ... i recently took my sats , i'm a bit scared , and now i'm being pressured to think which colleges i should send my scores to . for a long time , i looked at careers that required a degree ; however , i'm ... i'm an intp , and i would like to show you my sonic fanart . ... yeah , i was just being an ass . hey smarty , solve this : a teacher gave his class two quizzes ; 80 % of the class passed the first quiz , but only 60 % of the class passed both quizzes . what percent of those who passed the first quiz ... yeah , i guess it's just one of those things that will be mysterious to me , because i don't seem to experience love like other people do . i love my parents , but i don't see the need to act crazy ... sorry for the late response . i finally had some time to listen to this ; thank you so much for this . it was a great listen . i wear clothing colors , that clothes have . serious why did you choose hitler for an emoji ? nobody can get between my body pillows , and i . i really have no idea . though , probably not . rationality leads to fairness and justice . if everything was lead by emotion , then judgement would be based on emotion . that leads to a never ending argument about what should happen , because ... yes , i knew . i meant that my question was more about love for a relative . i forgot to write that within the original question . to be honest , i'm not really concerned with romantic love at the ... '