welcome , nice to see more xntx . let me know when you've taken over the world and i will check that you have done everything properly . welcome , we need more intj :) haha , count me in ! not sure if anyone has done this already but english , x86 c , c + + , c # , java , javascript , php , asp , jsp , vb , f # , perl and many many more also this one don't worry about it , i love sensors . being intuitiveness they should be able to understand it for what it really is , obviously they are not that mature . hey guys and girls , just launched my personal microsite / cv earlier would appreciate your feedback ! ! learn about rss and use google reader yes ! not another one . wrong thread the cubicle office thing is only usually only in development farms ( usually found in india or china ) . you probably won't end up working in a place like that . i am the same i don't have a very ... it is pseudo science , it's weather that person time for pseudo science . this is not another waaah sexism ageinst men thread ! at the end of a long hard day at work i was bursting for a piss and the gents bathroom in the office was in use , so i used the ladies . i wen't ... burnt face man is amazing ! major philosophy ! psychology is mostly pseudo science as we don't yet properly understand neuro biology . welcome , your obviously not as arrogant as an entj ! i often used to wonder this , the problem for me was that i had evidence ( sort of ) with my grades and job application successes . besides my career i also study a lot of philosophy which naturally ... making someone beg the question , that and being successful by my own standards . hey guys i am trying to get back into my ocn account ' cdesewell ' but it won't deliver me a recovery e-mail and the help / support won't reply to any of my requests . could one of you guys possibly start ... sorry i have to ask , but how did you come to that conclusion ? for a god to have what we understand and know as a personality he would have to be human and thus not a god . anything that will develop your philosophy , logic , visualisation , language and maths skills . puzzle games and abstract reasoning tests will only help maintain a working intellectual ability . try to ... do i think they will be smarter ? no . due to video games ? no . our generation are by far the most consuming and least productive generation of all . everything is abstracted , watered down and spoon ... and it feels very good . :) although i am a j not a p i can relate a lot to what you are saying . just stick to your study , stay focused and do what you do best . when i was at school i didn ’ t get the highest grades of my year ... thats interesting , the way i see things its the other way around , there are very few well groomed programmers but absolutley tons of generic business / it management ( do a bit of programming but ... the number of deities i believe in now is the same number i believed in when i was born . haha , why 25 ? pretty much what it says in the title , if a guy tells you he is a computer programmer , he may call it software development or software engineering . what stereotypes / assumptions do you make about him ? hey there i am also a software engineer , welcome to the forums it looks like a scam you should try and use more css and less images and fix those slow bloated buggy things in the middle of the home page . you are also not following the standards very well might ... hey guys i'm building a research engine mainly for personal use , feel free to give it a go chris-sewell.com . but i need to know what websites do you guys and girls use for stuff it can be searches , ... yes but we are either too passive or too suppressed to be recognised as a sizeable group or common as western countries tend to be dominated by christianity you are born an atheist it is the default you cant decide unless you went from being an atheist to a theist back to an atheist . most atheists believe that if there was a heaven or a god worth going ... people should take more responsibility over what they are exposed to rather than asking others to change . if like me you don't like people calling others retards because it offends you then don't ... to do better than my parents , and for my kids to do better than me entj non-religious 137 better than i thought i guessed a few because i was bored i think your in the right area , the . dll problem is to do with your project folder binaries i found this program database files ( c + + ) you may need to make a new pdb not having done much directx i ... brighton and bristol hello there , have a welcome balloon ~ o i think drugs are fine . but when you are irresponsible and end up in hospital or dead wasting everyone's time , love and money because of them then its bad . goes for all drugs of course not just the ... im just gonna leave this here all the words n letters n stuff . i agree they probably do , do you know of any ? i don't think its because their religious that people bash them , its because they are intolerant . its just unfortunate that most ( not all ) of the known ... that wasn't the point i was making at all perhaps i didn't explain myself clearly . my point was that religion can cause the unity of ignorance . it is not always the cause of ignorance nor is everyone ... i would disagree , i would say its in human nature to dislike things that we don't understand or fear . but the difference is that religion makes it a collective and unites intolerance . without ... personally i would do ce , i like to understand how things work on a physical level . but keep an open mind as your still in high school . :) you may suddenly decide you want to study poetry . i think thats probably best , quite a lot has changed since dx9 so it doesn't surprise me that it chunders errors everywhere . tbh is it likely that you will need to use any new dx11 features ? ?