' intj , entp , enfp , intp , infp and isfp . it's so nice to have found a sort of musical twin soul here on perc in emilia ! well , my point was that tests aren't a very good indicator of type , so whether you get infj all the time or not doesn't really matter . i'm not saying that you're not infj , just that most tests aren't ... and i have an isfp friend who tests isfj all the time despite not being even remotely close to being an isfj . getting a j / p as an introvert is in no way a clear indication of type since the j / p is ... i've tested as all inxx types in dichotomy tests . even as an enfp before i figured out that my aux fe isn't actual extraversion . i decided by studying the functions and reading well-written ...  no , not in the literal , psychotic sense .  yes , that's our ni-ti loop . guts by chuck palahniuk guts | the cult and also , anything by cormac mccarthy . it's probably not draining because they really understand eachother completely . that happens a lot with infj and / or intj pairings . not sure if i'm going crazy or not . they're not enigmatic enough to be fascinating . it's not hard to figure out how they tick , which is why i think infps are sort of naturally drawn to infjs . it's rewarding for them to feel special , ... well , i have the exact same problems , and i'm a woman . great rant ! err , what ? no , it doesn't . a person failing to recognize their dominant function probably has another dominant function . there's nothing wrong with that . s / n -> si / se or ne / ni -> pe / ji or je / pi -> fi / ti or fe / te -> result . see why i don't get how so many infjs came out as xnxp ? the test looks fine to me . yes , i know the first is a dichotomy , and the following alternatives are ne / ni , not another s / n . hrm , the one i took tested the functions . pg . 1 s / n -> pg . 2 ( pg . 17 ) ne / ni so many of you relate to ne over ni ? you mean you got isfj but really wanted infj ? young , shy , sweet , quirky and wants to stand out among their peers . i got infj and yes , the profile page resonates perfectly with me . dear intj , i guess you must've been very special , because i didn't think i could develop feelings like these in such a short amount of time and i miss you . i want us to be friends , but you don't ... you had a clash of visions and with you both being stubborn as hell you'll never reach a solution to your problem . her vision allows for paradoxes , she's too emotionally involved and identifies with ... complex , as cliché as that may sound . i'm an abundance of many different ( sometimes paradoxal ) things and i don't think i could ever describe myself with just one word , but ' complex ' is the cleareast ... how old are you two ? it sounds like a very immature and irrational argument , so i'm not sure if i should give you grown-up tips or not . no , there's no risk of me thinking too much about it . i'll just leave it be , no problem . i have several isfp friends and we get along great . i also have two isfp family members , and we seldom get along at all . my friends know me much better and thus understands me better than my isfp ... istp you're not even pretentious snobs , you just want to look cool and unique . please talk about your experimental living with someone else , i'm not interested in your hippie sh * t . 299866 i find them equal parts annoying and interesting . the boy is definitely an infj . look at him . his first love ( girl ) is also an infj , very small chance she is an infp .. no , she's an infj too . dk about other two girls . [ / quote ] nah , i don't ... i like it , but i can't really agree with you op on 5 centimeters per second being about infjs . more like istp and infp . the garden of words is about an isfp and infj relationship , though . suede – stay together i wish i could stop thinking about it , just accept the explanations and move on , but something about this is really gnawing me . something's off . i had the same thing with an intj . it was quite amazing . jane eyre and mr rochester . their deep and intense connection is what i'm looking for . you've already talked about this girl in the intj relationship thread for umpteen pages now . i think the only sound advice you need is to let it go , because you're obsessing over her and it's bound ... empathetic , not necessarily sympathetic . intj all the way . mother isfp half-sister isfp stepfather istp biological father ( most likely ) infj infj ! '