' most notably for me , entps . i seem to attract them as friends . face to face we have a good time and everything is fine , but as soon as social media is involved they have become rude and insensitive ... i don't see anything wrong with just door slamming him if you don't want him in your life anymore . i do know the feeling though . although for me it is with a best friend and not a romantic ... i do the same thing really . listen to them about their day , empathize on things that need it . talk to them , tell them i care about them . show my loyalty and support for them , although most things i ... that show is so unethical and cruel . :/ who came up with it ! ? agreed , i could never be with someone if i loved someone else . i don't really understand how anyone could :/ the natural disaster question of letting a stranger stay in your home was the only one ... has anyone read these books by laurell k . hamilton ? i believe the series started in 93 and i started reading them in 2003ish when i was 13 . i've recently decided to re-read the series and i am glad i ... i would save him in a heartbeat . i would like to think that if he was truly evil and this was the only drug and there wasn't anymore that i would save it for later use , but i know myself too well . i ... my esfj friend is hilarious . he knows how to grab everyone's attention and make them laugh . he's also very thoughtful , i think . and definitely a total clown ! sometimes he can take it a little too far ... i have an entp friend and the situation can be si liar . some days i just don't talk as much as others , and some days we talk for hours and hours . this isn't a romantic relationship though , just ... this is how my thoughts on the subject are . except , i don't think i am depressed . i'm not sure why i do it . and i don't do it a lot , just once in awhile . i wonder why .. it makes me close to tears ... hello ! glad that you are figuring your way out of your hole , i do his to myself too . :/ it's easier to shut down than to deal with things , which isn't exactly healthy and ends up making us lonely ... i know exactly what you mean . my dad was my best friend . we could sit quietly in a room together for long periods of time without having to say anything and being perfectly happy . in a way reminds me ... all of this , i love it ! ! ! i hope you find closure with your intj friend . i definitely understand . i went through some troubles with an entp friend awhile back and it took months and months to get over the issue . i've forgive ... that sounds like something i would do hahha worry about an imaginary being's feelings xd and thank you . leon the professional is one of my favorite movies . and natalie portman one of my favorite ... what are things you find your mind wandering into ? anything . i'd like to hear it , :) right now my thoughts are on earth . is this limbo ? will something one day swallow us whole ? is atlantis hiding ... i'd enjoy it if i knew how to do it . sure , i can sit in a quiet room alone for long periods of time doing absolutely nothing and love it , but it is t exactly absolutely nothing . my brain is always ... i'm a sucker for other people's sob stories . xd this sounds a lot like my relationshio with my best friend . except not as life experienced being in our mid-twenties . we always joke that we should have been born with the baby boomers though . my husband is an intj too . and my father . haha i get along great with them . we have our differences , but i am the only person that the intjs in my life are comfortable opening up to , it's really a ... i don't ask for help ... hardly ever . for me , it may be a pride thing . i'm not entirely sure . i was just having this conversation with someone the other day haha also i feel like if i look as though i ... i don't do this with friends , but i do it with family members , lastly my brothers and my parents . i don't really view myself in any sort of saving the day rescue scenario , i just envision the ... anyone else have an intj that they care about ? apparently i have some sort of magnetic pull toward them . not complaining though . 359802 yes , i'm definitely an infj haha i'm surrounded by intjs all day and am aware of the differences . i've tested and researched my butt off and always come to the same conclusion . some days i just feel ... just curious who else is around with this type . do you ever feel like some days you are really relatable to an intj ? lol definitely bfflfr ( best friend forever for life for realsies as jimmy fallon says .. lol ) redeemer well i am a parent , haha . and i was never a kid person . it wasn't that i hated kids or disliked them , but i'm already socially awkward as it is .. so with people's children , it was just even worse . i ... i did some musical theater . i'm more of a singer than an actor really , but i can act . i really want to try voice acting to be honest . i think it would be so fun to out voices over cartoons or dubs ... i was just mulling the idea over in my head ... i know everyone is different , but i feel we could be decent actors . it would most certainly take a great deal of energy ... i play out so many roles in ... i've never been called an enigma so much as i've been called weird xd doesn't sound as pretty or nice , but i think it'd be a similar experience . i've also been told by a lot of people that they can't ... i would wait a bit longer . i only say this because if you both have been up front and direct about everything , maybe he does need a little space on this . and if not , maybe he has just been ... infj here xd i am very much on the fence about the idea , mostly because i worry for humanity as a whole . i see nothing wrong with getting a physical upgrade , evolution in a sense ... as long as the ... when i am drunk i go from infj / intj to enfj / entj depending on mood ... i get talkative , out of my shell , and just do not care about everything i keep hidden from the world . it just all comes tumbling ... basically as the title asks . i'm sure there have been similar topics , i was too lazy to look . do you like it or wish you could be another type ? and why / why not ? etc . enfj brittany , matthew infj anne , joshua entj claire , damien intj eliza , randal hmm that's it for now i'll come back later with more names xd hm i wasn't in a relationship with one , but my hubby's cousin is an esfp and we get along really well . he is genuinely interested in things i have to say . he always says this about me when i ... esfp trombones are loud ... lmao mom is enfp + dad is intj = me infj 5w6 ( intj tendencies frequently , but def . an infj ) siblings , all boys : twin 1 : estj twin 2 : enfp youngest : entj i don't plan to do it , but if i see someone post something ignorant ( as in racist , or homophobic , something against equality etc . ) then i definitely engage and have to say something . they either ... nancy : estj she doesn't seem like an introvert , is loud and aggressive most of the time . lacks a sense of intuition . is dominant and controlling . i think she can be difficult to type though , since ... - they have to have compassion for others or some level of empathy . they don't necessarily have to show it on the outside , but i need to know that it is there . if it isn't , then its not going to work ... my father , husband , and best friend are intjs . i absolutely love them . i am definitely different though . i wear my heart on my sleeve and am a great example of an empath , but i hide it very well so ... not muscular . haha just scrawny and small . helps me be invisible 😜 in all seriousness though , i wish i was muscular . people seem to think they can try and take advantage of me . my sweetness and small ... i'm sorry i dont want to be rude , but i only read half of what you wrote , because i feel like i get what you are saying . i do t really see what you are saying though . i know plenty of infjs that are ... the rsfp that i k ow is always well liked by people because he just knows how to make people smile and feel comfortable . he is always the life of the party . sometimes , for someone like me , it can get ... you might be able to just pick up on little giveaways from things you've seen and vibes you have felt from other people , subconcioucsly giving you that direction and intuition . people often think i ... we are too similar i have to say that you are definitely not the only one . i have the same thoughts and feelings when it comes to sex . or it's just that my mind won't let go for me to just concentrate on physical ... or blessing . who wants to share ? lol i'll go first ... my infj curse is ... wanting people to feel empathy and compassion for me , the way i feel about them . instead , i'm too reserved and people ... 344810 they all seem somewhat similar . i wonder what it would look like in an extrovert forum . '