' 431946 i hope you don't mind the size of him : tongue : i am certainly not a racist . but i am also not a cultural relativist , either . like ayaan hirsi ali says , not all cultures are equal . there is a reason why one prospers , and the other doesn't . if that ... good . lawl they can't keep blaming colonialism forever , you know . it ended 60 years ago . good we agree on something . have a nice life , goodness apostle . that is your opinion . not the truth . you attached value to an originally neutral statement i made about the existence of corruption in african and middle-eastern nations . you chose to interpret it ... sweetheart , where do you think the money to fund the immigration comes from ? government taxes ! wow , you really are young . :) or clueless . i can't tell which . a full-time job , and you're also ... basically . somehow i doubt that's the answer she wants , though . i got over myself years ago . i hope you'll have a similar moment of enlightenment . :) the difference between you and myself is that you are a hypocrite whereas i am at least truthful . ok , ... * eyeroll * 100 years ago , sweden was a third world country . if you didn't work , you didn't eat . literally . my parents and grandparents ' generations fought hard to change this , and my generation ... i don't support third world mass immigration into europe , and based off of this you draw the conclusion that i refuse to give respect to black and brown people ? why , may i ask ? do you think having ... hence why i have disabled it . there are currently 55 of these islands in sweden . paramedics and fire fighters won't go there ( they get shot at or have rocks thrown at them if they do ) , the ... why do you keep repeating the same thing over and over again , even though rantnrave has already explained his point to you , multiple times ? blacks and muslims are not homogenous groups with ... poe's law * i've been the same height and weight since i was about 12 too . fyi , i'm 30 years old , 162 cm ( 5 ' 4 ' ' ? ) and weigh 48 kilograms ( 106 pounds . ) i've never had any problems to maintain this weight , and ... if you're female and over 16 years of age , it is highly unlikely that you will grow any taller . this mostly comes down to genetics either way . look at your closest same-sex relative , and you'll get a ... tangerine . i just peeled one . i haven't seen the most recent seasons , so i can't comment on hathaway's relationship with his father , but i do think that hathaway is an istp with strong , developed tertiary ni . he doesn't have the ... it's been a long time since i watched the inspector morse episodes , but right off the bat i'd say he's a very stereotypical intp with strong ne . idiosyncratic manners , mild-mannered but weird , liking ... you do seem to recognize these thoughts as being pathological , and i was saying that people with paranoid personality disorder ( or personality disorders in general ) don't have this insight into their ... i don't think you have paranoid personality disorder . those that really suffer from that condition don't have your level of self-awareness . they believe their paranoid thoughts are perfectly rational ... and my answer to that is exactly the same . love is a two-way street . if this hypothetically unattractive person falls in love with someone , and the other person loves them back , it's all fine and ... there is nothing moral about telling another person they don't deserve love because you don't agree with their views . the one being rude was you . you have no authority to make such claims . your ... no one is being mean to you . slagasaurus was right to tell you to grow up , because you're behaving as though you're stuck in the obstinate age . on what premises do you think you're qualified to ... since you asked for opinions , i'm going to give you mine . you look come across as very angry and / or bitter in your op and i can see that very same anger expressed through your picture . everything ... back from your ban , and what do you do ? start thread #fifty-eleven on the exact same topic ? considering you keep asking the exact same questions over and over and over again and never take any of ... how would they know unless you're called in to testify against them in court ? what would you report them to the government for , anyway ? drug use ? porn surfing habits ? :d ry : that's hardly a matter of ... if you've got nothing to hide , why the need to be anonymous ? i believe you didn't insert it far enough . it needs to be at least 1½ inches in to be comfortable . as a rule of thumb , i'd say push it in at least the length of the second knuckle on your forefinger ... i think he's just trolling you , tbh . consider this : if he's too shy to even speak to you on the phone , how is he supposed to meet you for an irl date , let alone have sex with you ? it's obviously not possible to diagnose someone with a mental disorder through online interaction . whether he's bipolar or not we'll likely never know . he could be a pathological liar , a catfish , ... i think we need to ask this question , op , because it hasn't been addressed in this thread ( ? ) , and could be of vital importance to determine the most successful approach to dealing with him . does your ... what you're preaching is quackery , no more , no less . definition below . what you're saying won't heal anyone . what it can do , however , is discourage people from seeking evidence-based ... if you were in my jurisdiction , you could actually face legal consequences for advocating this crap . spreading disinformation as fact is a criminal offense . the best thing you could do at this ... double post word . it's a blatant spread of disinformation , which at least in my country is an offense punishable by law . please tell me that this is a troll post ? i don't know which is worse , really ; trolling about a sensitive subject or actually believing that autism - a permanent neurological disorder , basically ... i'm not defending them . i only said that the reason for why they make these comparisons is likely to be found in you . besides being shy , you have absolutely no idea ? from what i've seen of your ... you can influence how others perceive you by presenting differently . it's not rocket science , obviously . the common denominator is you . changing others isn't going to work , that's a lost cause . try ... are you sure these women are really giving you judgmental looks , or could that simply be your own insecurities telling you that ? much of the time we imagine people are focusing on us more than they ... i honestly didn't know that there were devices that could help a person with female genitalia pee upright . i guess you learn something new everyday , eh ? i stand by what i said in my first reply ... i'm going to assume that the ladies ' room has separate stalls , while the men's room has urinals ? just go into the ladies ' room and act like you belong there . you say this is hard because of your ... have you tried finding friends amongst other people on the autism spectrum ? chances are you'd understand one another more easily . that is unfortunate , to say the least , since that no doubt makes it very difficult for you to relate to other young adults , and vice versa . it's been said that it's easy to be sociable as a child , ... first of all - i'm sorry for your loss . if you feel overwhelmed , take some time off from work , although i believe following a set routine can help you get by when your inner life is chaotic ( as it no ... i'd call it over-analyzing things . i'm 99,99 % sure there are no dubious intentions on the part of the lurker . some people are just curious . from what i've gathered , he's seen numerous mental health professionals over the years as well as been prescribed various strong psychoactive drugs . i get what you're saying , and someone to accept ... there are certain behaviors that will never be tolerated by anybody . purposely going out to antagonize people just for the hell of it is one of those behaviors . asking the same questions over and ... many people who are reading this thread are probably wondering how your mind works in the first place , if you could seriously consider what you suggested in the op to be a good idea . instead of ... or you could look into yourself and try accommodate your behavior so that you don't repel other people ? just a thought . if what you say is true and absolutely nobody likes you , the reason is likely ... '