' this made me smile ! thanks ! maybe i do need to re-vamp my avatar ... i'm clearly bubbles on the outside , and buttercup on the inside . how did you stop feeling angry ? i definitely feel like i torture myself over this , although it never feels like that at the time . oh , sorry if i wasn't clear - i meant apologies from people that have been ' doorslammed ' , not from you to those who have been cut-off . i would never apologise to the people that i have cut-off , i'm ... same , mine definitely fester and then i realise how angry i still am when something comes up about that person . i don't want to forgive people because its the ' right ' thing to do , i'm really not ... i've realised recently that i have a burn all bridges approach , when someone hurts me , and there isn't any space for reconciliation . my friend , an infj , always laughs about this because its so ... well , tess always was an incredibly frustrating character to read about . i would like to accuse you of being more like alec than angel , since i found your post to be repugnant and pretentious beyond ... hahaha ! brilliant ! :D i've never heard of this either and i wouldn't stoop to backstabbing and infighting and haven't seen my female friends do this either . morning coffee , nothing is better ! : kitteh : lost three pounds overnight , weird ! but awesome ! :D and had some really nice mango for breakfast , yum . mortified , my medication has made me put on 14lbs , so much for it treating depression ! i feel so ashamed . my clothes don't fit and all the exercise has done nothing , worse , its made me heavier . its ... went for a walk and enjoyed looking at the eclectic architecture . :p roud : i was thinking that it could be good to have a thread , where we can write about the things in our day that made us smile and made us happy . could be anything : food , kittens , sex , more kittens , ... more marina ! sorry industrialclef , i'm not copying you , promise ! ' the state of dreaming ' , marina and the diamonds all i really want is to be wonderful people in this town they , they can be so cruel i live my life inside a dream , only waking when i sleep if ... i relate more to my result as an ennagream , ( spelling ? ! ) type four with a five wing than an infp . there , i said it ! i still relate a lot to the infp but not as much when it comes to the nitty ... dairy milk bar , mmm . it was good but now there is no more chocolate ! good choice , pygmy goats are adorable . although their size could be problematic because they could probably fit inside a wardrobe . and eat all of your clothes . erm ... would you rather be ... how large is your ... : wink : ... dvd collection ? if you had to choose , would you rather have a pygmy goat or a party boat ? i hope it was helpful for you . haha , i resemble an adult bubbles to an embarassing extent so that's quite accurate ! : tongue : it seems you think people that want to be friends have higher expectations than they really do . or deserve more than you can give . they get your friendship , shouldn't that be enough ? there are far ... there's nothing wrong with body hair , it's natural and can be quite sexy . i would only worry if you start resembling chewbacca . :p roud : i hate that i can never take the initiative in anything , it makes me loathe myself . i've lost my voice . there are certain things i literally cannot talk about , it's like a poison . love love is going to lead you by the hand into a white and soundless place . now we see things as in a mirror dimly . i can't decide if a relationship with another infp would work very well , or if ... lonely . going sublimate my sexual frustration by kicking off my exercise regime and re-organising all my worldly possessions . now i am quietly waiting for the catastrophe of my personality to seem beautiful again , and interesting , and modern . - mayakovsky , frank o'hara she sees the evilness in her parents eyes and ... he wasn't impressed , not particularly surprising as he has the most vibrant and intensely orange hair i have ever seen , but i had hoped he could be more mature about a spiritual debate ... my vegetarian friend argued that animals have souls , thus we shouldn't eat them . i felt like such an ass admitting i don't believe humans have souls . i went to the hairdressers and just wanted to ... oh , i'm already concerned with the negative effects of my inhibitions and it's only the second term . my learning is almost certainly limited because of my lack of participation in group discussion ... swallowed the sum of three pieces of chewing gums , can feel it slowly moving down my throat , it is very uncomfortable . i'm genuinely concerned for my insides ... the lives of non-neurotic , ... if so , has your experience been positive ? what are you studying ? have you found it to be an infp friendly environment ? i have found seminars to be stressful , some more than others , due to the ... i'm so frightened and have nobody to talk to about it . just want to go home and go to my doctor but i'm worried they won't tell me everything will be okay . distraction tactics aren't working ... i'm so happy that i live with an isfj and an infj , they are two of the most indivualistic and fascinating people i have ever met . we have such thought-provoking conversations and a surprising amount ... an infj friend had me take the political compass test , which was an interesting experience as i had not attempted to classify my political beliefs , it described me as extremely left and libertarian ... can't believe how far the riots and violence in london has escalated , it's worrying ... : sad : i hate someone . i think this is the first time i've geniunely hated someone . if i meet this person again , there's a distinct possibility of punching them very hard . i don't care if they're ...  sudoku and chocolate biscuits are my only guilty pleasures at the moment ... :p roud : i want a pet lizard and some chickens . a tortoise would be great too but whoever is in charge of my university accomodation will go mental if i bring all these animals . : unsure : haha ! you must have caught my social awkwardness and are now doomed to talk about peeing all the time ... and the pillow fairy seems like a good explanation , i'm just glad my pillow is making ... this is so true ! people just don't like it when you try to talk them from inside a bathroom for some reason . and not going to the bathroom really won't help with the socialising , i would definitely ... okay , now i want rum ! why is the rum gone ? drinking copious amounts of earl grey tea tonight , i'm just too cool . :p roud : i have no idea how to make friends or socialise with other human ... i also rarely meet people that i connect with and wish to befriend , trying to force friendships with people that weren't right for me did not go well , and was ultimately a pointless and demeaning ... eaten way too much today , chicken and rice are so good though , in their many forms ... nom nom nom . :p roud : it makes me beyond sad that we can't be more of a family and less like people that just live together . but i don't want to be pushed away and pushed around anymore , it is exhausting . oh no , i forgot to try the fuzzy navels and the zombie . fizz pop was my favourite , amaretto and grenadine is such a good combination . i made my friends sing and perform a synchronised finger ... hahaha ! love the idea of you cracking up over this picture ! but is it wrong that the picture made me feel hungry more than anything ? kind of want some chocolate now ... :p roud : definitely a love relationship ! there should be no embarassment with sailor jerry , just need to ensure everyone is drinking him too , heh . still no sailor jerry's here , sadly : but some woo woos , ... '