' < goes down to the kitchen to check , gets sidetracked and makes hot chocolate yummm > # 8-) nightwish ghost love score nightwish - gethsemane frasier , my friends think i am like niles ! # 8-) heeeheeeheeeahahahha # 8-) nescessitites : see leisure ... food : i have a regular order with a supermarket , then just get whatever catches my eye at the local deli . leisure : ebay gym ( swimming , spinning , pilates , ... ... act 3 of siegfried # 8-) thank you . # 8-) thank you for writing that , it made me smile . it reminds me i need to get out more ! # 8-) i spent this evening reading a book , itx 92s probably my own fault i have not found the one yet . # 8-) ... tut-tut . :) i enjoyed stargate but i prefer babylon 5 and farscape . # 8-) i ’ m not into star trek at all though !  #8-D #lol blushes smiles * hugs * timidly walks across the room with flowers * hugs * # 8-) i'm a a * politics student .. heeeheeeheeeheeeheee # :8 ) :)  ... i have found that too , i can relate to almost anyone but most struggle to relate to me . :) on a positive it means that i am exceptionally good at hiding my intent during a debate and have an ... when me and my father are lost driving to collect a knickknack i found on ebay dad x93 so where exactly are we ? x94 me ( starts going on about my ideas and philosophy ) dad x93not in life , on the ... thank you . :) short description of myself . hi all , i ’ m a student living in england . i ’ m very into my studies ... what about meee ? ix92m new . age 24 gender male country england ix92m more interested in email right now . hobbies : muzzle loading competitions ( flintlock pistols and the ... music : 1 . wagner i must have listened to this a thousand times yet is it still gives me goose bumps from head to toe ! 2 . nightwish 3 . bruckner ...  i think natalie dormerx 92s articulation and elegance are ... ix92m enjoying singing along to this right now . heehee #8-D my dream , it seems , fails to see the mornings my one and only aim i hear you breathe , ... when you are overly tired and even though you have been part of a group conversation all evening you havenx 92t heard a word they have said but you can intuit their entire lives . :) itx 92s as if you ... i like new night wish but i love old nightwish . it just had a certain something live . my favourite modern song . my main problem is letting go if the relationship does not work , it is nigh on impossible for me to stop believing in someone . i then get blinkered and miss opportunities to meet someone else . # 8-) thank you for the warm welcome all , i think i am going to enjoy being here . :) i ’ m really enjoying it but sadly due to how i am doing it i can ’ t choose much of the psychology topics i would ... thank you . i don ’ t drink , have a car or spend a lot going out , but i have accumulated many things that inspire me . words cannot describe how much i love ebay . lol they are not materialistic ... i like to thunder mug my maths books when i am done with them . it feels so goood ! i did an as ... i ’ m that way too but obviously not hand bags . heehee i think it is just the feeling you get when you know that such a thing has no compromises , in it ’ s own way it ’ s truly perfect . if that makes ... heeheeehee #8-D i don ’ t know if this one is any better though . :) me ten hours after rescuing my cats and dog . they are worth it though .  heehee , well i am a bit of a sci-fi geek . thanks for the warm welcome . :) my match grade victorian style hand guns .  ... hi all . my name is ben , i live in england and i ’ m a student . :) here ’ s me ... i ’ m like that too . i ’ ve accomplished so much more since i have put an earnest effort into it though . :) other infps < dorky wave > # 8-) psychology , friends , fulfilment :) nightwish over the hills and far away :) attraction to classy things oh yes , when i have posted enough to be allowed i ’ ll show you a few of them ! :) i ’ m not into televised sports but i do love pilates yoga swimming gym classes shooting - victorian duelling pistols at competition level shooting - practical cowboy action shooting , ... < i posted this in the wrong thread . lol . having an infp moment > whoops :) i can do that too , i ’ m a 6 ’ 3 terminator ish giant though . :) quiet , armed , and dangerous that sounds like me when i do my ipsc shooting lol on a more serious note i think it has to with how easily i can relate to others , within a five minute ... #8-D lol i ’ m single at the moment and that made me chuckle . :) '