' i've been playing firewatch ! it's beautiful ! very narrative based , and story oriented , just how i like it . psalms 27 1 the lord is my light and my salvation , whom shall i fear ? the lord is my strength of my life ; of whom shall i be afraid ?  kjv psalms 128 blessed is everyone that feareth the lord : that walketh in his ways . i have not actually ... i'll be sure to check it out . hugh dancy ! ...  i'll be ok ... <br> the bromance in this show yoh ! * manly tears * ... but yeah , this a very sad and melancholy song , one of my favs . hot : chai tea , thai tea , green tea . cold : green tea , thai tea , coffee , coconut water and yeo's soymilk 267970mmmmm ! yeo's soymilk . when you are searching for a close friend ( to be ) you are looking for someone equivalent to a soul-mate or a near quality of one .  vxm 2k0jaq & index = 4 i was thinking that too ! he's a definite infj .  thanks for the posts everyone . she finally texted me today i'll just wait and see what happens . how do you ( an enfp ) feel about being ignored by your best friend for two weeks ? what thoughts would go through your mind , or have gone through your mind . would you be angry ? or upset in anyway ? ... have you ever felt that you were never really truly engaged in the present ? it's like i'm just observing and not there ... like i'm not part of this world or something . a sense of detachment i guess .   hwccxhr 44 & index = 147 when those around you are upset and that makes you upset . later they don't understand why you are now upset , even though their negative feelings are still lingering inside you . it takes a long while ...  hwccxhr 44 & index = 129  ... and another morbid one . :D index = 23 * sigh * just the type of brooding music i am looking for . >:)    something in my heart by royksopp  the xx-intro aw snaps ! kwestin go ahead post more , thanks to you i now have more music i can listen to . emancipator all the way ! i usually go for the music you can chill to such as emancipator or nym . then ... emilie simon jetaime  meridith rodney mckay ( stargate atlantis ) 83827 i have to admit rodney won me over with season 3 . lestat de lioncourt ( interview w / the vampire ) 83826 ezio auditore de firenze ...  susumu's music , is just so other worldly to me , it's like ... '