' yeah forums have a weird way of keeping you coming back every few years . i guess it's a good escape from life . 20 turning 21 in may . how about you ? i used to use forums all the time since i was 11 up until i was 17 . i took a bit of a break from forums in general but it's so refreshing to see the old ... damnnn i felt really nostalgic tonight , so i decided to come here and log in . i've been reading some of my old posts , i used to be crazy obsessed with myers briggs in 2013/2014 . can't believe its ... i want to find the background song in this video so badly , but i just don't know what it is . i tried to put it into song deciphering websites , but they ... oh no i'm not doing this to try and win girls or whatever if that's what you guys are thinking . i'm interested in the whole topic in general . such as when a person is crossing their arms , they have a ... recommend me some great body language books guys . i'm trying to get into it . however there is a lack of great books these days in the libraries i go to . any one know of any great ones that cover a ... love your avy btw ^ rocky all the way ! yes i did start it , thanks a lot :D yeah i definitely have future plans on advertising . don't have much cash on me at the moment though so i need to spend wisely . i started it because i used to have ... i love you guys <3 fuck yeah internet hugs . i've had a bad day , i cried infront of all my friends and just felt like the biggest loser ever . can someone give me a hug :) ? this is done amazingly well ! so abstract yet easy to grasp . awesome work . i really really like this ! i can relate so much . thanks for sharing :p ! i feel like the biggest loser ever . i don't know why i'm getting so insecure about stupid shit . but lately it's because i don't have my drivers licence yet . i am 18 years old and i travel by public ... hey fellow enfp's , just here with an important question which i would appreciate answering . what do you guys think of the business industry ? i posted a thread about my personal questioning in the ... hey guys , basically i'm not going to go into detail about my current situation . but i'm living by without parents ( having to pay rent with two other housemates , only on government money funding atm ) , ... hey persc , i come with a request for help . i come to you with a job question . i recently got a crappy crappy job , a full time job , 6 days a week working as a door-to-door salesman / lead generator ... know that feel haha :p sj's , and other enfp's . i swear two other enfp's who are good friends ( one male and one female ) annoy the absolute shit out of me and i hope to god that i am not that annoying to other people , they ... my way of talking is odd . i am only good at talking to people when i am acting eccentric and super funny + talkative . when i try to have a normal conversation and act normal per say ( in societal ... i love you too <3 reply to me because i'm lonely and want to post on forums :( enfp is definitely not one of the most common types , i've never met anyone else who is one . i'd say the majority of the world consists of sp's and sj's , mainly extroverts . well here in sydney ... welcome cher-ry pie , good thing your enfp this is a master race ! it seems like you are more introverted then said people , correct ? intj because i got the most assholic intj older brother ever invented . come on guys , eren is a definite nf ( assuming enfp ) . he's ideals scream nf . he wants to kill all the titans for humanity's sake , even before his mum died he was very against people being selfish and ... i'm guessing esfp ? sorry for the bump but i'm curious about this too . infj's are needy ? legit , guys serious question . it's funny because we really aren't that ' weird ' . i mean yes we are fucking weird , but definitely not in a weird / creepy / grotesque way . we are weird in the way that we express nearly all our internal ... i got doorslammed by an infj who i loved online . ever since then i've been skeptical of infj's haha ... i'm always shirtless at home , always . sometimes pantless too olol , i perfer walking around naked . also fuck i love you guys haha made my night this thread , oh yes it did <3 lol i know that feel bro :( i can relate on so many levels ... fucking sucks ! i'm very competitive , but like everyone else said more of a fun and to better myself . i take weightlifting very seriously too and like to be the alpha out of my friends , but i like to keep it fun ... you don't sound whiny and petty , if i were you i'm pretty sure i'd be wondering too . here is a reason that i'm assuming might be the reason : he could be releasing lots of bottled up emotions . i ... infj - i got two online infj mates , sherry and sharpo , and omg they're such funny lovely people . they're really mature on the outside but on the inside if they open up to you , they're just as ... i've been told isfj by members here , or read that . i think it suits her right , if you read the isfj description it kind of sounds like her . although she's obviously a very confident performer so she ... oh man don't get me started , i get insanely , i repeat insanely nostalgic about this stuff haha . even watching old movies like ice age and stuff from my past makes me cry . i always smile that the ... omg , i can relate to everything in your post . literally every damn point you mentioned . it all relates so much ... my parents never ever ever ever appreciated me . my dads a very unhealthy esfj ... i bottle up everything , i think i have low self esteem when it comes to my emotions around people . i don't feel comfortable releasing all my emotions , or expressing them truly at the right time . ... i don't want to grow up : your post is part of the reason ! welcome , read the rules and hope you enjoy the forums . if you need anything , i'm sure you can pm one of the dedicated moderators and administrators of this site . try not to flame or insult too much , ... hello , first time greeting someone :D i only joined a couple months ago but everyone hre is really cool and funny :D ! whats your type ? enjoy the forums ! i wish i knew an enfj :( ... wait , all bodybuilders have joint problems ? i think not ! i agree a lot of gym excercises can be dangerous for joints and ligaments if not done properly . however only that . if people properly ... i've never really had a proper committing relationship . i mean , i've had those stupid boyfriend girlfriend high school relationships but to me that means nothing . just an ego trip for guys at school ... everyones different though ^ for instance if someones bodyfat is above 10 percent ( give or take lol ) then running would help a lot . however some people ( even uber skinny ) can't see their abs because ... so he proceeded ... 3 words each ! ( apologies if there is already a thread like this , but meh ) one day a ... i win , it's impossible to post after this . yes , my abusive older brother :( ... but as a friendly enfp , i see the truth . it's not about acting back and beating the shit out of him . my theory is that if i leave it , do nothing and eventualyl ... '