' it's very likely . also , our differences also play out over si ni issues . she once admitted to me that she wishes she could be more like me and build her own future without stressing and have ... at times they are , but just from observation and personal experience i've seen they aren't always . like i said - i think it's , for the most part , individual preference . it's really hard to type based on these questionarres ... i usually just do it off of vibe or getting to know someone . and you still might be , you just really remind me of an isfj friend that i have ... you scored 48.333 out of 100 masculine points , 44.167 out of 100 feminine points , and 53.509 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . female intj mirrors are not always ideal , as i've seen . i think it's just individual preference . type only goes so far in choosing such things . my friend who self identifies as isfj is looking to pursue psychology , but i say just go with your gut and what you personally think you'd enjoy , weigh ... a natural intj here , and for awhile i was like this , too . my advice - learn metathinking . basically , make it a point to become aware of what you're doing , why you're doing it , what you're thinking , ... no problem :) i struggled with this a lot myself , so if you have any other questions feel free to ask me xd xd that's probably because a lot of us go down a similar path ... then meet and it's like whoa . ah , okay :) i never really got into that series , maybe because i was forced to read it for school , but ... i'm not an expert with this , but , based on personal experience , i settled on intj for myself because of how my fi plays out - as in , isfps have dominant fi and intjs have fi as their third function ... you remind me a lot of myself actually from about a year or two ago , but i've changed a lot since then . my advice to you is to not worry too much about what type you are . i've learned that knowing ... xd well i think i'm naturally an intj now with developed functions , but went through a stage where i was convinced i was isfp ( also went through intp , entp , and infp stages ) and still relate a lot to ... xd well the guy i'm with is most likely entj so i suppose i'm attracted to that type ... and it's a very interesting dynamic ( female intj / male entj ) so , based on the information you've given in this post , you seem a lot like a friend that i have who self-identifies as isfj , although you both don't seem like stereotypical isfjs . just what struck ... death note mirai nikki ( future diary ) that is really true . i have a friend who identifies as intj but is obviously istj ( there's just no ni in her at all ) , but since she thinks she's too intelligent and sees herself as superior to the sj ... edgar allan poe and william butler yeats in my true essence , i'm just me , much more extroverted and free , i suppose . haha exact same . although i am rarely very comfortable ( doesn't have many friends ) , so mostly introvert introvert . however , when i'm in one of my environments so to speak , and free to be me , i'm ... all these are so good ! xd i originally posted some of my art here , then realized i was too paranoid and edited it for fear of people finding my true identity : o haha intj , infp , entp , infj , intp ... i've been mistyped a lot the description of fi as written by lenore thomson alludes to fi-doms natural inclination to the view the world in a rather pantheistic , or mystical light , as in seeing god in the way described by ... yep , i know what you mean and do it as well . i also seem to remember things by looking at something while i'm learning the particular thing , then when i see it again , the memory comes back to me . for ... i'm pretty sure i'm isfp , and usually i'm the girl sitting alone , or if i'm with people , i am usually quiet unless they get me talking , which usually consists of me having like a spurt of ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... what kind of tea ? ... : o <3 why of course ;) you're definitely enfj ;) mbti type doesn't determine behavior , it simply explains a person's way of thinking , which , when put in various situations at various stages of development ( age doesn't directly determine maturity ) ... oil is awesome for its look and the fact that it doesn't dry quickly allows for certain techniques to be used ; on the contrary , acrylics dry quickly and are simpler to use if you don't want the look ... my vote is infj … just get those vibes xd . although , i'm kind of in the same boat as you with regards to my type lol or maybe because her character stood out from a season full of annoying ones ... i've seen her typed as infj . and i loved her too ! well , after bouts of depression and pondering the question posed by the op i've discovered that the purpose of life is to die , but to do so in a way in which first of all , one learns all they can , ... you're ... dreaming of me ? : blushed : ah yes , poor jeb ;) does luxcorp own everyone's soul ? or am i special ? :p roud : jeb owns my soul ? hahahaha - he's stuck with me forever ! ! ! are you the keeper of my soul then ? wait ... who owns my soul ? ... that makes you ... satan ! hello , i am being kidnapped . someone save me ! hmm ... maybe ... i am the owner of my own life ? ... don't i have some say in who you give my life to ? why my life ? ... ah of course ! well , whatever it is , it's quite lovely . very abstract . you're the next jackson pollock ! no , its obviously a unicorn in a tornado ... takes another ne-dom to see these things ... haha i suppose . haha i'm not the pursuer in romance . i basically let whatever happen and that gets me into messes ... i'm apathetic or just want fun a lot hahaha being the complete opposite of a normal girl . seriously - i see no benefits to being a girl most of the time . but red pandas are freaking adorable ! ! ! ;) '