' i never said i used it as an excuse , i work against it every day . i am somewhat dismayed that you assumed as much . it was merely meant as information on how it colors my behavior , and why i ... i'll just continue hijacking then , for a brief moment ( sorry . ) well , first let me explain that i am usually very confident when approaching a girl i like . i am not cocky or anything like that , ... yay ! i forgot to mention a major factor ! i have ( mild ) social anxiety , so that shapes my behavior in social situations a bit ;) no . i should maybe note that this is not typical behavior for me . i mean being infatuated with someone i don't really know , and who doesn't know me . i have however read up on istj's before , and i ... i know . it is rather embarrassing . there is only one person in the world that i could ever even admit such childish feelings to ( my former girlfriend ) . i think she suspects it though , as she has ... i never remember my exact age * looks at iphone app howold * 28 , it claims . i am not , but i have started to suspect that i may be infatuated with someone . i feel rather childish about it , and ... as a self-proclaimed intj lover , i would like to know your opinion of me ( if you have even been able to deduct anything about my character since i am fairly new here . ) . do you think that i am ... i don't like being associated with that statement . i am not married ( and probably never will be ) , but it is quite impossible for me to cheat on my girlfriend . that would be so against my core self , i ... jesus . i could buy a very cheap meal and eat for the rest of my life . supposedly . i would hazard to guess that it works both ways . :) as i am attracted to the enfp personality the most , i am inclined to choose that for my girlfriend , but in truth i would never let that stand in the way if i was attracted to someone . as for kids , ... a valid concern . i have changed all of my groups of friends several times without any afterthought , especially when i change jobs or when i move somewhere else . there are only a select few i keep in ... you could just also not call her or her actions lame . a few hours . i usually have to listen to podcasts or audio books in bed to calm my brain . trust is the thing most sacred to me , which is why only a couple of people have it . why would i want to do that ? maybe it was a poor attempt at a joke or sarcasm , even so i fail to see it . i find tokyo interesting , but i have never heard about fukushima until the recent days , so ... it seems rather selfish to me , doing good because you'd like something good to happen to you ? i do good because i'd like others to do good . not because i believe in magical mystical universal ... there are inevitably going to be some kind of a reaction to every action we take , but it's not karma . it's chaos . tokyo . so much craziness in one place , i think it would keep me entertained indefinitely . well , except the whole oh my , we might die of radiation . that's going on there right now . i applaud the brave few who are trying to keep this thread on track . i see no good reason why the quick links menu shouldn't be visible all the time . that's what make them quick links . i always do . i never presume the authority to speak for anyone else . :) i guess , if they are way into microbes , but i don't see it as a intj thing to be into stuffed animals :p again , i think there is some confusion about what level of hiding we are thinking about . i think you are describing our more general introverted nature , not the deep hiding that i think the op ... some people like us , but most people think we are strange . i don't much mind either one :) people tend to get hurt or annoyed when they engage me in small-talk and i let them know i am not ... quick links -> subscribed threads . except it sometimes disappears , like when you view the what's new ? page . it is annoying . and i walk around with a ( in-ear ) headset all the time so people don't talk to me . i don't even have any music on ;) libraries , with enfp's looking for intj's . oh wait , that's every library . just give me my own private apartment then , with minimalistic furnishing . i found that a bit strange as well , but what can you do , people are different . cute zany girls . you've piqued my interest . is it too personal to share ? being that you seem fully aware of how intj's behave , there is only one typical intj thing that i can think of that could be a deal-breaker for ... when my previous relationships ended , i became cold and distant immediately when it happened . like with my previous girlfriend , she said she wanted to break up with me and my response was ok . and i ... hate is a strong word . was it intentional ? i find it difficult to believe that an intj hates you :) there are probably a few sociopaths and pyromaniacs who'd also find that enjoyable . you may want to check with your psychologist . we do ? : o i don't .  the reason i don't like something like that is because immediately it is said , it seems scheduled , and i feel pressure to perform . it's hard to put to words , but to make it short i hate it when sex ... build it and they will come . so , how you doin ' ? no . you seem to be reading my viewpoints with very biased eyes . everything is not black or white . i did not say that all sarcasm is meant as a test , but i did say that i utilize sarcasm as a test ... i've learned that absolutely everyone loves a spelling nazi . house md ( and dexter ) makes me feel understood more than i find it funny . i use emoticons a lot , i find that it eases most conversations . i still don't think they belong in sarcasm . i like people to question whether i am serious or not . in case you didn't know , it is ... really ? i think most people have a very hard time seeing when i'm being serious or when i'm being sarcastic in real life . the intj poker face is hard to beat . someone : does this make me look fat ? ... because my batteries are empty . i try to do minor disappearances every now and then just to maintain my sanity , but yeah , mostly just because i need to be alone . i've actually moved to other ... yes . mostly by movies though , seldom through real life experiences . real life is too filtered and mundane . other than that i tend to change deeply when someone i love leaves me shattered . i don't even . something happened , but i'm not sure what . abort mission . an enfp wa - - oooh what's that ! '