' 3edgy5me i lol'd thanks guys , i got in contact with dear sigmund and the issue is fixed :) topic title ^ acronyms too stronk pretty much . hm . if you use ni what kind of ni user do you think you would be , intj ? if ne then i presume you would think of yourself as an intp . if this is the case then the question becomes whether ... hm . i use the word so much i thought i said the other poster was employing a ruse . after re reading i called her a shill and said you were using a ruse . sorry , for mismatching something so trivial ... i never stated you were employing a ruse . the only thing i stated was that you're not unbiased and were trying to come across as that . if you want to call that a ruse then that is a statement of your ... yes . you're correct , that i said i trolled . however , trolling is a very ambiguous word and can mean many different things to many different people . let me specify what i meant when i said i trolled : ... what ? i hadn't acted defensively , nor had i acted like a victim during the facebook conversation . i stated i'm not a troll to let him know immediately that i was not pulling his chain , and any ... you do not need to profit or dictate others to a cause or action to have influence or to gain influence . it's obvious , he's the intellectual version of an attention whore . you have the whole ... okay . here is the whole conversation on facebook . you have everything except the video comment i left , which i said i couldn't get , because he deleted it : edit : ... good point ; i'd wish not to include my message as it involves personal information . however , i will do so because you're correct , it's required for a full perspective . ... i'm reuploading the video now . tbqh , after i thought about it , i figured it was like shouting in space . it doesn't really matter because no one will hear you anyways , as i do not have a name or a ... i made a video response to nfgeeks going over their ingenuity . here you go . oh i do . both entps and estps are known for one-upmanship . for entps this can be in the form of any thing that can be considered competition . ie - we find ourselves in a sowing convention , somehow , ... alright , there's some good material here . i'll reread and then see if i have a overall impression ; that said i'm no expert on typing and what i type will probably be the opposite of what you are . ... aware of what ? exact point of what ? do you know what temperature means ? b . a measure of the average kinetic energy of the particles in a sample of matter , expressed in terms of units or ... absolute zero is neither zero in celsius or farenheit . there's no measurements i know of that measure the amount of sensory data being taken in by an individual . therefore , it's more of a reference ... my conjecture is that the lack of sensory data is a sensory experience in and of itself . for example , absolute zero is the lowest possible theoretical temperature . however , it's still a temperature ... it's mostly just conjecture . my idea is that your body is still existent inside the float tank . the only difference is that there is no external stimuli for your body to pick up on . however , the ... your names for the different personas suck . i thought i was in africa or something and insta ctrl + w the page . i quote : i didn't forget . i just thought the answer was obvious enough , that you even included it inside your question . i blame the internet to be honest . sorry but that didn't make much sense . how is sensory deprivation a sensory activity ? like i said in my post . i theorize ( haven't been in a float tank ... yet ) that the experience of having ... counts more as a xbox live liner . i'm sorry , who are you ? what are you the free speech decider ? agree with what i say and you can talk ; say something i don't like and i will bother you in a ruse of self importance ? sorry , get a ... everything will be considered an ' se thing ' . even lying down in a float tank would be a se thing . i reason , because there's no real prior points in our lives ( not including past float tank ... granted i haven't read anything past the first page ; this thread tries too hard . except for the entps ofc ... because everyone knows they've never said any of that * * * and just made it up on the ... all the real estps are too busy doing se things to engage on a forum . enfp for all the fucks i give , i like being poor . the brilliance would be the implementation of proving the point . that said , you're still incorrect in what you believe the point of this thread is . it's not a ploy . all threads were sincere ... either dc is very smart . or he's a complete idiot who can weasel himself out of anything . however , in the case of you being smart ; being overly obnoxious and a general pain in the ass is not the ... you're not an intp . change your mbti type . you're the butt of the joke . fucking pathetic . to make yourself seem less idiotic to future viewers you say , i was in it all along guis . it won't convince anyone , probably not even ... i know you don't place any value in the conversation to work it out . you just admitted you haven't worked it out . i don't expect you to work it out . it goes against your ego because if you did work ... i'm paraphrasing you . once you get a good nights sleep look through this thread again and work out the logic . i cannot show it for you . 1 . ) vimeo is a virus site guis 2 . ) no the istps did watch the video . however , it seems they were just as mysterious to you as they were to me . this is because they were not playing with me ... hey , at least you have a fitting avatar picture . it's funny how the mind always looks for ways to get out when cornered . no . you didn't ask whether x or y was fun . y in this case was just a descriptor or unnecessary information , a subordinate ... p . s . if x = y = z i agree . however , you didn't say ' what is fun about x ' ; you said : they both are just as easy to answer . hence why i said earlier : no it's a completely different meaning . one is asking what another is asking why . two different meanings and questions . '