' personality typology nudity startups . oh boy . before i discovered mbti , i thought i had thought up the best coping mechanism ever , but i was doing the exact same thing too when i was burned out . i guess i still close the door , but i ... * ignores the election ; gets his lobbyist ready to make real changes * am i allowed to say centrist ? when just because didn't even scratch the surface for you . when why is your favorite word . when you can feel the climate of society from reading the news . i'm using my new found wealth from one of my new ideas to make a real impact for the oppressed in the united states . i'm lobbying politicians & authority figures at a local & state level to pass ... i have to ask ... does anyone have any perfectionistic thoughts about their relationship partner or the relationship for that matter , at times ? for example if a were more more considerate like ... here's an example . you're a at stop light without a pickup truck behind up revving his engine , then it as soon as you can barely out of the way ( going straight ) , the it burns rubber turning right . ... predicting outcomes based on previous situations ( think of meteorologist but for people , and we've been a student of the program all our lives ) . i like amazon product reviews in general , but i don't trust movie / tv reviews ( due to a degree of bias ) . i do the same thing . i skip all 3 star and below rated products . once i find something i want ... it really just depends on the offense and how close they are to me . i'd give them a chance to redeem themselves , but i tell myself that i'm done , then * door slam * . if they proceed with any further ... for those that know me , that's what i'm known for ( generating ideas based with little or no knowledge of a subject ) . they may be thinking local , but i'm thinking global by the end of the ... i've had turn off empathy too , and it when it does happen it comes off as being artic cold . finally someone who has mapped the way i think . i'd be there for the people watching aspect to all of it ; the gathered sensory data would give me enough possibilities to run on for days . lol . i went ... i had an example where my co workers asked me why i don't drink beer , and i simply replied i don't like the taste . they bother further said that you don't drink for the taste , but for the buzz . my ... . hrmm . door slam . - core rattling dishonesty after i've invested emotionally . - attacking my integrity or beliefs in a repeated fashion . i haven't had to use it in a long time.it was akin a shop ... i'm awake now ; here i come . i've often felt that i wasn't born for this time or world , but i'm here to observe & take note of the mental and spiritual state of the world . i often remember what a friend of my mom told me when i ... dave chapelle , mystery science theater , and practical jokes . lol . being empathetic . being easy to talk to . not being surprised by things people do or say . seeing the big picture . coming up with problem solving ideas that everyone can get behind . please give your own subjective standpoint : in general , do you prefer texting or phone calls ? phone calls , texting is reserved for people i don't want to communicate with . do you like to ... they should call it a body language reading ability test . :/ i got 100 % i came to save the day . february 8th - infj describe a typical day in your ideal life as an infj . what do you do ? where do you live ? are you in love ? do you make a lot of money ? have a big house or small ? kids ? pets ? please share , no detail ... i'm with everyone else , it's not psychic in the way people think of the word .. when i've finished someone else's sentence for them ( not in a rude way ) , it's mainly because i've experienced a similar ... rudeness . criticism that isn't constructive . bossiness dirty homes . parents who are oblivious to their children in potentially dangerous situations . non-stop talkers . people who have double ... i don't care for body modification . jewerly is fine , too much makeup makes me think that she's trying to hide flaws . no preference . natural features : thinness to thickness which point are you trying to prove ? that everyone has individual issues ? well i think most infjs have some degree of self-righteousness , but i think that's where maturity comes into play . this infj ... this is definitely eye opening to me . i'm in the same boat . i have two friends where i live that started off as friends . anyone else of that opposite sex , that's a friend now , fall into the category ... what do you watch for ? i watch for threats , non-verbal forms of communication ( affectionate , the eye stare coupled with a smile ) , oddly dressed person , or the wanderlust in a curious child's eye . ... people will always tell you who they are if you just listen to them . trapt - echo i started a pretty successful anxiety related forum that's still going strong 7 years after i started it . 1 . you are peering into the sea , what do you feel ? focus only on your first impression . you can close your eyes to better feel itx 85 it looks like it might be dusk , there isn't a ship in sight , and i ... lol . i do the room scanning for safety too especially at stores or public places . that bit about being an intelligence operative is so me . i pretend that i'm an agent for some counter-terrorism ... i think for people say things who say like that to us they really mean to say i can only see what's at the horizon , but we know there's more . if we got out of own way , then there'd be nothing to ... xdae : lol . that's hilarious . i do that sometimes when i'm with friends who appreciate my silliness . does anyone like people watching ? when i'm about at somewhere like a park , mall , or restaurant lobby i always like observing people . it's always fun trying to figure out what someone's story is . ... silly , sincere , inventive , easy-going , thoughtful . that's a great question . lol . i think we've been conditioned early off to listen and observe to the level where we pick up on body language cues and read into what people say & how they say it ... i want to help all of the homeless people i see wondering around in my city . i don't mean on the level of giving them money or food . i want to get to the root of issue for those who want help . ... chaliandra : i definitely feel your frustration there . i try to give you my particular insights into it all . as someone said , the paying members are more vested , and they're more likely to ... this is a question for infjs . when did you become fully aware ? when i mean aware , i mean in the sense that you've come to realize that you know what your mission / calling is in this world or ... this thread is sort of like an epiphany for me . my mom and dad used to argument a lot in my early childhood , and they'd used me as a conduit to vent their frustrations with each other . of course i ... you're like a brick wall . i yell and knock , but i just don't hear anything back . are you even alive , or do you even care ? ! does anyone see life this way ? * sigh * it's one of those days . lol bleach . '