' yes couldn't have happened to a nicer guy  uh huh ultimate istp song ... freedom ... ya gotta give what ya take ... patterns ? i can hardly keep up with your siggy & avatar changes . that gif was pretty adorable how so ? oh , wait . i think i know what you'd say . i quit wait ... there are forum rules against specifying insertion of an inanimate object to a strategic location ? to exercise their right to be wrong . can i report you or would that be considered redundant ? reported . bullshit is bullshit , just differing degrees of trivial . in a romantic context ? most likely not . even if the bridge wasn't necessarily burned . you reach a particular pinnacle and then the relationship is broken off for whatever reason , for me it seems ... oh , i don't doubt that ... yeah , but he is pretty badass for being 900 years old . limps around on that cane 95 % of the time but it's fun watching him get force-pissed . why do you hate yoda so much ? because he sounds like a more soft-spoken version of ms . piggy , he does ? yes , that's the unfortunate thing ... it's not what you know , it's who you know . i did manage an associate's degree because that's all i could afford . i paid for it entirely out of my own pocket ... i saw a nun doing squats in a cucumber patch i bet something was afoot !  coffee has water in it . duh . win / win maybe you're over-complicating things . i could see leading ne bouncing all over the place when it meets our inferior fe . overthink things . enfps always look for hidden motives and tend to ... y u so springy ? dear estj father , i get it , you're a hammer . but i think the nail has been driven as far as it can go . you're just splintering the wood and making a bunch of useless racket . sincerely , istp ... that's usually the extent of my end of conversations . yeah uh-huh nope i guess so i don't know okay bye . so i'm a semi-polite asshole this . i'm still feeling my way around too and i've been reading up on mbti for almost a year now . i just pick up on things here and there where it is of practical use , but i'm starting to get comfortable ... also , if somebody tested istj and aren't sure if they're either istp / intp , it would seem likely that they prefer si over se which are total opposites . both also make use of ne . istps use se / ni , not ... i think the idea that an istp would likely thoroughly research on their own and come to a conclusion before going to such lengths to ask someone else's opinion when there are ample resources here on ... stop , hammertime hell , i started gettin all into this questionnaire and kept thinking i was getting close to the end . there were 34 more questions . jeezam !  there'll be some rug cutting and couch burning fo sho . i've always wanted a bobcat . edit : i guess that's why i like manx cats . i want another one . they're fucking cool don't worry , your secret is safe with me . yes , that's my real name . thanks :-) whaaat ?   lonliness is a useful armor sometimes , although it is rather cold , clumsy and cumbersome . iiii.ammm.ironnn.maaannn : tongue : i'll fight you . name the time and place . if i'm not there in 15 minutes , start without me . yup . the ones with dial up i generally tend to think of situations of being left out as a mutually dodged bullet ;-) i've been invited to events and i declined or avoided going simply because i'm not very good company at ... we cry like a bear shits in the forest . just not as often tho . '