' and this ^ idea will change , in 3 , 2 , 1 ... u are right it is like i might be bipolar jeez , hope not : shocked : ^ this is your opinion in2itive why is she reacting like this ? lol you're just feeding your procrastination in order to act , you have to be less aware . you do not think , you do . do do do what you fucking gonna do ? doesn't matter . do do ... tonight i had made a hard decision for which mmorpg i should be start playing with my friend . i picked forsaken world , why ? it can run on my prehistorical computer and it's free . arrghh was it a ... if this is not amazing , then what it is ? wifi points , so i can feel less awkward parks . i love chilling in parks , but i need a perfect spot . not too crowded , not too wide opened , you know ... and here , ofc . the intp subforums i , ah it is hard to say . i will give you a secret . i cannot sleep . i can't stop thinking . and i'm doing this thing ... i imagine stories , characters , ideas , even the idiotic thoughts , and create ... i believe this is the reason why , after all these idiot , moronic beings did , i still put hope in them . are you as afraid as i am , that we won't find love ? what erudis said is so true , in my ... my first hook up was by making her write her answer on my cell phone . because i was so shy , i ' ve wrote my question and then handed it over my mobile . forever alone , now it's not an illusion created by our brains it's an idea invented by man as religion * grabs pop-corn * what would be the main goals for an intp ? / / because , in my case , i won't create any goals unless it's in my own use . my only goal and biggest , is to live this country . but in order to achieve ...  stupid society it usually happens . i'm pro at it q_q i was thinking ,  / / random fact . i'm used to turn pain / sadness / depression into hatred towards the world and / or myself .  why there cannot be peace ? just love and happiness . i hate humanity and its condition . i want my freedom . i don't bear hatred , but against myself ... haha funny post my prehistorical cavern can't handle dota 2 q_q but i used to be very good at dota , ' till i discovered lol . now all i know is qwer i never had a girlfriend fml : frustrating : artificial jellyfish made by a sheet of silicone and rat heart cells in every game i play , i like to support my team or sacrifice and go as a tank . as in tf2 , the doctor / the engineer as in dota / lol , the healer / auras / warder i played wow , only because my best ... today it was a fucked up day i woke up at 3:50 pm ate something , watched an episode from lie to me then , around 5:30 pm i went to play football i sucked . and then , i snapped . i got so mad ... rainy days . it's sound it's music ah , huh you do not live in the past . lol you are here all of your current actions will be gone . unless they are kept as a remembrance , into an archive . it's me , after spending too much with no electricity right handed , male ow , well put ! happy birthday ! jokes like ^ because are put in a logical way idk who are the other two in correlation with personality types the raptor must be intp , what could be the other two ? it works like this let me feed your paranoia ... pro : succeeds to walk in public con : wonders wtf is he doing there orgasmic ! she's awesome ! yet , can't beat my hermione i like your optimism i am paranoid , only when i'm not sure of my calculus , theories , assumptions . it's kinda irrational to believe you're being followed . it seems , to me , that you lack ... that's schizophrenia 1 . the real world : mental hospital edition this is the true story of three schizophrenics , who all believed they were jesus christ . it wasnx 92t long before they stopped being ... i'm going trough the same shit . i don't want to be like my father . but doesn't matter which path i'm taking , seems to bring me towards the same end . that infp had right ... what you try to change ... happy birthday ! here's a cake . easy vanilla cake and syrup mix 100g white chocolate basic vanilla buttercream mix 12 giant chocolate buttons , 6 cut in half treat-size pack chocolate ... : unsure : i'm too introverted . i'm ashamed of myself . wherever i'll be living , i want there to be joy and peace ah , this neighborhood ... figureskater u must be a fan of hurts or depeche mode if not , i am . haha i had a so called crush . it made me wish for more . i wanted to be a man . on oct the 31st , i'll be a man '