' here is the best advice i can give you , as i have dealt with this myself : for a period of time , cease eating dairy ( milk , products with milk , cheese , etc ) , because dairy increases mucus ... because i consider myself to be a part of the whole body of humanity , i could not just choose being a great person , because it would be like someone pointing to a detached eye and saying , look ... take your breath away ... hmm ... i'll allow brahms the honor : youtube - brahms symphony no . 3 poco allegretto to me , this piece is draped in genius , and breathes the fragrances of a heart's ... hey , im sorry to hear about your depression , and i understand that you don't want to feel like a zombie by taking meds . i hope you can find a good solution , and conquer winter ! i really don't ... i get this . i am always in depression but it takes on many different behavioral modes . oftentimes i am just so out of it that i cannot think clearly or do much of anything useful . during those ... scarygirl , may i ask , are there things that you are afraid of that drive you from stability ? i am sorry to hear of your distresses and pain , but just remember , it isn't your lot , and your pain ... haha , that's great ! the mowing thing reminds me a great deal of my intj friend . i truly wish i had the capacity to do this sort of thing , but i lack the ability to think of strings of clever words ... i think the overcoming part takes a combination of soul-searching and uncomfortable action . i'll use the analogy of the flat tire to look at how to overcome the loss of inspiration and lack of ... loungefly , thanks for sharing that great story of conversion ! i also used to be into drugs a lot for a few years , and i was in a perilous way of living , and though i'd been raised christian , i was ... there are a lot of opinions shared in here , but i thought i'd add mine to it . i am a christian , and i find spiritual fulfillment through a personal relationship with god , and my church is a place ... i never finish projects ! except on rare occasions . usually it helps to be working on the project with someone else , but i have dozens upon countless dozens of songs i have written that have not ... i like your post jerseydevil . i'm glad that you have been able to gain that confidence . i must say , though , regarding the last part , that it's following my heart that usually gets me in trouble ! well ... i ascertain that you have a frequent desire to know what others think about you , but i think that you should give yourself permission to decide what you ultimately think and believe about ... yeah , i feel powerless quite often , but i'm trying to change that . i think that because we are infps and we are affected so much by our introverted feeling , that causes us to want to do things our ... why have you lost your passion for art ? are you sure you've lost the passion , if it's just current untapped ? i find the arts fulfilling , both music and photography in particular . since you enjoy ... punky , i really am sorry that i upset you . my intentions were good , and i was hoping what i had to say would be helpful . simply because i stated things that i did with certainty does not mean i ... punky and aero , i read through your posts about trying to understand your types and cognitive functions . i don't know if you read my posts or not , but you might find them helpful . part of what ... yeah , i lucid dream , but not at all like i used to where i would lucid dream every night , almost to the point where it became wearisome to have so many in a row ( but i didn't really mind ) ! hmm , my ... i really don't like make-up . sometimes i am just baffled why women do such strange things to their faces . here is how i see this : i do not have a problem with women wearing make-up as long as ... again , a group has much higher plasticity in hierarchal roles than cognitive functions , so it's hard to give a perfect comparison here , but i am reminded of the movie ocean's 12 , the movie about the ... ( post-edit : faeriegal , i just read your post and i relate with you totally ! i am mesmerized with how real and potent feelings are in dreams and how they affect everything in the dream , and even ... cognitive function test reliability exactly . that is another reason why that test is so unreliable . whoever came up with the wordings for the questions was not very careful to avoid complications ... well , we infps are quite a capricious bunch . but i'm still here ! i haven't lost confidence in the mbti system , in fact , i have found greater use for it , mostly in the understanding of cognitive ... i'd like to share some input on this dual-type idea : you can't really be two types . you can , however , exhibit the behaviors of multiple types , but the behaviors themselves do not mean that you ... i have known about that site for awhile , and i really like it , but at the same time it irritates me , partly for the same reason as rowingineden shared . there is a lot of information there , much of ... # 1 . the earth has hurtled through space 25 times around the sun since i emerged from the womb . # 2 . it has been determined that i belong to the male gender classification . # 3 . i absolutely do ... my parents separated when i was 3 , and i lived with my mom after that . i saw my dad once a year until i was 11 , and i haven't seen him since . upon visiting him when i was 11 , he was somewhat ... very well put . if our lives were only continual joy , i wonder how it could even really be joy . same with faith . how can faith be real if we are never presented with anything that challenges our ... what do you mean ? consider the suggestion i just gave : you shouldn't underestimate your intelligence . and also , don't underestimate the insistence of your fi to quickly dissolve possibilities ... i understand that part about holding on to things too tightly . apparently it is a common trait of infps to sometimes focus on the unreachable because of its allure , and in my case it is the past ... our heart is like our body in that when our body is in pain , it means something caused it , and there is a desire to fix it , and a need to fix it . the desire doesn't always lead to meeting the need . ... i think this song meets your description , though it isn't an emo band , the song is pretty emo ( tional ) . it has a message of deliverance , refuge , and overcoming . :) ... what do you mean when you ask for help ? if it is comfort you seek , i can tell you that you will find your way through any confusion you may have , and that neither your nor your fi is defective , but ... i respect and sometimes envy the intjs for their frequently ambitious intellects that combines with a pleasing eccentricity . i admire the enfjs for how well they are able to socialize with and ... oh , i forgot to mention ... there is a certain kind of epiphany i experience sometimes , humorous ones , which i call epifunnies :) ... which can also be further translated epic funnies . i tend to ... hi ! i have epiphanies . here is when i have them : 1 . in the shower . the water rinses off unimportant thoughts , and i get nice shiny epiphanies aplenty . 2 . after i tuck myself in at night . ... response to infrared : interesting that you mentioned this , because last year i came across copper toxicity on the internet at this site ( copper toxicity syndrome ) and copper toxicity seemed to ... faeriegal , that is a wonderful thing to do . i have a special frequency in my heart for those with mental disorders , because i have experienced it myself , and i know how the isolation effect can take ... i'm worried that by the time i find a wife , i'll have gone sterile . but if i'm more fortunate than that , i would want to have a family . we'd live in a cozy country home , in soft , rolling foothills ... snail : i'm just taking a guess that you might like this song , though i didn't see your list in the other thread yet ... bt - 1.618 . it's 11 minutes , and the video is an equal part of the ... infrared , you are wonderful ! i appreciate all of the effort you have offered toward this . i will respond in full either later this evening , or tomorrow , because i have a meeting to get to in a ... wouldn't that be the same as sitting in front of a computer monitor while doing something else ? i've done that , playing guitar , etc . i get the same effect , though not quite as bad . it is worst ... i understand your skepticism plenty well , however , there is no doubt that the effects are directly from electromagnetic field activity . there is plenty of research done that evidences this , it is ... i appreciate your response . i don't know whether epilepsy applies here or not . i don't have any motor or psychic seizure activity occasioned by exposure to screens , nor any perceptual changes . ... have you considered conductor as a career option ? you may be shocked at how natural you'd be . your performances would be electric ! visuanalysis . visual - whether it's creating a picture in my mind of the information , or having an illustrative component in front of me as a medium for learning , i nearly always require some ... i relate to a lot of the responses so far . my response here is a combination of things that i try to do to heal myself and things that actually heal me : piano / guitar composition : sometimes i'm ... over the past few years i have had an increased sensitivity to electromagnetic fields produced by various devices . i didn't realize it at first until it got so bad the past year or so that i started ... by the way , i agree with everything faeriegal and jerseydevil said ... the principles in what they shared have shown themselves true in my experience . it did enter my mind that this might be the ... i mainly read non-fiction books with an informational / science / art / psychology slant . i've never actually gotten into fiction books for some reason . i mean , i find some of it very fascinating ... it's ... '