' i don't know entrepreneurship seems to be a pretty popular choice for entps . thanks ! what branch of engineering ? i thought you ... that's disappointing . to all you entps . what are your careers ? do you enjoy them ? and why ? any additional insights would be most helpful . i am aiming my cocked cock at a feathered cock . if i have seen further than others , it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants . truth is relative . so is incest . :D just do it , bro . - nike what one would you choose , and why ? i am personally leaning towards mechanical because ( from what i hear ) it has the most breadth . any input would be great . computer science also seems interesting . nurse ? :) i've never considered estp . i never really thought of myself as a sensor . i've always focused very intently on patterns . i like to connect things by means of their underlying principles . but maybe i ... from all that you have listed , you definitely come off as infp . you have a lot of the nuances . i say sorry too much . <--- definitely a sign . i usually surprise people with my intuitions , and am a ... i'm thinking enfp , from what i have to go on . the artsy characteristic makes sense . i think 6 because that's always happening anyways . maybe we'll figure out how to increase longevity . then we could send people to space for longer periods of time ; furthering our likelihood of a ... i don't know if i entirely agree with enfp . from what i gather , they are kind of bubbly . i think my mother could be an enfp , but we are pretty different in a lot of ways ( cognitively , socially ) . but , ... i could be sociopathic . definitely a possibility , but i do have a certain degree of guilt / remorse . i just can't help myself with certain amoral things i do ( at least it seems that way ) . entp does ... i would say i am pretty inventive with my ideas i suppose . i'm always looking at multiple ways something can be used for . i get more enjoyment out of creating stuff internally , such as writing ; as ... from what i've read , i'm thinking intp . entj i would say . thanks for the warm greetings . i think i'm leaning towards infp . i wrote a thread in the what's my type category , if you'd like to take a look / i would appreciate the input . :) hey i have been wondering what my type is for a little while now , and i am interested in some opinions . i usually get infp , infj , or entp . i am very irresponsible . i often neglect the simple ... how's it going , guys ? hey ! '