' being assertive and standing up for myself is something i struggle with to this day . the worrying , over thinking , negative thoughts and caring too much about what people think have always gone along ... it's interesting to note the fairly evenly spread responses among fellow isfj's from devout to atheist . bustin ' yo isfj stereotypes . it depends on the relationship i have with different people and yes , the energy i have with certain friends . the ones closest to me will see my humor because i'm comfortable enough around them to pop ... i can't read your friends ' mind . it's possible she is legitimately busy , or getting in contact with you again has slipped her mind . it sounds like you had to cancel , she had to cancel , for various ... it's true , people instinctively are going to size you up by appearance first , and next by how you speak and act around them . make a conscious effort to be relaxed with others , so you appear friendly ... you mean you aren't a little fairy flying around doing good and making people smile ? you have crushed me , and spoiled my stereotypes of nfj's forever =P honestly , i've always found it bothersome that sensors are grouped by keirsey into sp and sj , sp's having the common element of extroverted sensing ( se ) and sj's having the common element of ... years ago i was let down by a person i thought was a close friend who talked shit about me to our friend group , and ultimately was part of the reason i was evicted from said group . however , if this ... i had a long distance relationship with a genuinely loving guy that started about 17 years ago . to make a long story short , he moved across the country to be with me about 15 years ago , and we're ... we have something similar i call the drop . not quite as final as the door slam , but maybe coming from the same place of getting fed up with an unbalanced friendship , or complaints falling on deaf ... here's a rundown of the top 25 causes showing distracted driving to be the numero uno cause of auto accidents . you're right ! sorry for not making that clear . go back to those times when you felt in love with our planet and how awe inspiring it is . look for a spiritual or metaphysical practice that brings you more in touch with this particular awareness on ... i worked out a payment plan with a hospital bill that was quite large . if you present your hardship case to billing , they can usually work with you on a repayment plan . i'm really surprised no one's mentioned this , but why not look into taking classes from a driving school ? not everyone is innately a good driver , and even good drivers can be better drivers . you'll ... i got my little lg phone activated for now , while the smartphone is being sent back to samsung . it's one of those with the little slide out keyboard =) it's like being in the company of an old ... this is exactly why i treasure my one intj friend i'm close enough with to have these kinds of discussions . i had a friendship much like this with someone a few years ago , then the dynamic ... i so appreciate your description of our hidden complexity . i once tried to convey to a friend how i keep a huge part of my thoughts , which aren't always about surface things , private . also , mulling ... your dyed hair looks fanstastic , by the way ! ! wow ! ! do any of you have isfj parents you actually get along with ? i've been reading multiple stories about terrible relationships with isfj moms in particular . i'd like to think if i'd had a kid that ... these colors can be subtle highlights , nothing so drastic . hair color is temporary , no big deal . i wonder what mom would say if you wanted some ink ! ! heh , no . using a bit of tact =/ = coddling . i'm talking about using some tact to cultivate a good relationship . every type has different strengths and weaknesses . i appreciate my friends ' strengths as ... i know i'm not skilled at looking at all sides of a problem . i appreciate the heck out of any friend who helps me explore options i hadn't considered , and xntp's are particularly good at it . i ... so many beautiful isfj's here , inside and out ! i'm familiar with paul ekman's work reading the emotional cues of the face , those signs universal to all of humanity . i'm also familiar with joe navarro's work reading people's body language ... oh , samsung edge 6 . i'm the only one out of several friends who own this model who is dealing with constant shutdown loops and screen freezes . every two minutes . then you shut off . you're my first ... why isn't there an in-between option :/ are you studying isfj's in particular , or mbti types and their tendencies as a whole ? i think from a fe user's perspective , honest constructive criticism of self is a rare thing to have , and at least for my type does not come naturally . i think it's more the social norm that ... excellent and very informative post . thank you for taking the time to make it ! the drop isn't so final . it keeps the door open , waiting for you to take the initiative and knock =) i know most friendships aren't completely equal as to who's giving more . the best situation is when it's first one person , then the other person , the equalness changing and flowing over time as to ... 540746 i've made plenty of mistakes , but i learned a great deal from them . i'm posting this as a hopefully humorous reminder to myself and everyone else that sometimes we just have to let people ... i feel like it's an investment for me as well , that's why when i feel like that investment isn't returned , it hurts . i don't know why i take things so personally , but it's an effort for me to detach ... i think that's typical of most work friendships . perhaps it's best to keep expectations low and realize that most of these kinds of friendships aren't going to have a life outside of that particular ... parrots are the smartest avians with the possible exception of certain crow species . a parrot named alex could discern colors , shapes , and what an object was made of , wood , metal , or plastic . very ... i'm a big believer in mutual reciprocity and interest in a healthy long term friendship . i wondered if any other isfj's have had the experience of being the one who usually initiates contact in a ... that moment when you wonder if your nt friend is dumbing down the conversation for you . i may not be able to initiate a theoretical conversation , but i am capable of keeping up , and offering my ... okay , my eyes were rolling during this video : rolleyes : so much for my placid eyes , lol how does he know the people are typed accurately ? it looks to be a collection of yearbook photos loosely ... hey , i'd love to see more of your dragonfly avatar . come for a visit sometime to the isfj forums . we are friendly , and we have brownies ! this photo sums things up rather nicely . i doubt idealism is a trait found more in certain types than others . i think it all boils down to the individual and how they choose to see the world , either positively or negatively , or whatever mix ... quiet and nerdy , someone who spent hours in the library and browsed the encyclopedia just for the fun of gaining more knowledge . non-conformist to standards of personal dress and grooming . i have a little routine and check the stove and doors and downstairs windows before bed . anxiety in my life will crank this up a few notches to multiple checks . i've found a spiritual practice that ... awww yeah ! it looks great ! ! simple and classy : hearts : perspective isn't something you're going to find immediately after a break-up . it takes time and distance to see things truly and to see things clearly . allow yourself this time to grieve and get ... yeah , i used to really overthink situations like this , waiting for the perfect moment to announce my departure or the opportune little pause in the conversation , getting anxious about it ... but that ... any function of any type has positives as well as negatives associated with it . we are all a mixed bag of strengths and weaknesses . typology is a useful tool to facilitate understanding the ... it depends on the beverage . i enjoy having a huge mug of unsweetened black tea in the morning to help start my day . this is high quality stuff , no bargain basement tea . i feel alert but not ... i've been on the other side , wanting to reconnect but getting no response . i've actually never had a response except for one out of perhaps 10 tries to various different people . the only solution to ... '