' sort of . ended up with programming and writing . it's an ok fit . entp information technology / it ( multimedia development ) have to admit it wasn't my first choice but to get a leg up for migration purposes , at the time . looking to go back to school in a few ... first job as in lasted a month or for two years ? the former : pizza maker the latter : press release writer . graduated about one and a half years ago now , but i guess that's still ' recent ' in the grand scheme of things . first job i had wasn't very relevant to my degree but related to the part-time work i ... sounds like derealization or depersonalization . terraria . a few weeks ago i was playing undertale and don't starve together . for a large part of this year , pillars of eternity :) that was me 3 years ago , dunno wtf i was yapping about . :P since then , i've actually found out that i ain't an intp or an enneagram 5w4 . so all these actually happened . heh . :P that was 2 and a half years ago . and now for new ones . * i pass all my exams for this final semester of uni . * current boyfriend and i stay friends or ... could i have mine changed to ' kitagawa megumi ' :D ? username core type secondary type tertiary type instinctual subtype francescleary 1w2 3w2 8w9 desouza 1w2 7w8 2w3 sx / sp / so trivial 1w2 7w8 3w4 so / sp / sx wohonajax 1w9 5w6 2w3 so / sx / sp william i ... i said it in 2013 : compassionate men with a fatherly vibe , and being cuddled while fed with cupcakes . just fucking love those cupcakes . still stands true in 2015 . first things first , your verbosity is atrocious . the attitude reeking from your convoluted written thoughts just screams , lecture time , kids ! you do realize that no one is going to take you ... these days , i try not to think much about someone's actions - - but that's the problem , i've an inability to flirt right back , it seems . similar to you , i really think on it before giving someone a ... that's true . what do you mean ? not picking unsuitable matches to avoid commitment , knowing you will have to improvement more ? * confused * are you saying that i may be picking unavailable people ... hello there . how should i start this . i'm tired of letting people , situations , opportunities slip by so easily from my fingers . i blame it on ... me . if i tried harder , but i don't ... this is ... what do you mean that i shouldn't have such a rough path ? o . o mmm yes , reductionist style . yup , comic strips - - not action . i'll do that , practice caricatures :) ideally , i'd like to start a web-comic . :) so , i'm quite new to digital art . this is timmy , the robot . 85007 feedback is much appreciated ! i'm trying to make his head look like a lava lamp . does it look like one ? any digital art pros ... your desire for a relationship stems from feelings of ___ ( fill in the blanks ) due to having not been in a relationship all your life . maybe you feel as though you've missed out on that aspect of ... just keep colouring that shit gal , hell , do not give up on playing the piano and do take up another 2-3 instruments . your crazy folks have issues , they're not your issues . do not go binge eating . 12 ... taking a shower . i just got home from my first shift as a waitress . i . am . dead . tired . i am demisexual . i think the main thing to take away from it is that demisexuals do not experience primary attraction which involves personality , physical appearance and social status . sure , some guy ... you have options , and then you might not have options . it depends on the way you see things , do you see a dead-end ? oh i don't have money for a nose job , i'm screwed ! or you could walk through that ... writer ( proof-reading , editing , press-release writing , comic book writer , creative writer ) comic book artist baker electronic musician photographer now i must do what i must do . writing , ... i'm finding it hard to decide on when it is sensible to let go of a friendship / relation . and even when i have severed ties , i try to reconnect but it fails and i find myself getting into this cycle ... judgmental thinking , pride in the sense of thinking you know the absolute truth which makes you supposedly superior and so you get to be a jackass ( read : inconsiderate and lacking in empathy ) :) thus ... on the contrary , in my experience i've become very much emotionally attached to one or two people in my life thus far . even when we haven't seen each other in weeks or months , those fe-laden moments ... boobs . ya'll are so cute i just want to hug the living shit out of every one of you ! compassionate men with a fatherly vibe , and being cuddled while fed with cupcakes . just fucking love those cupcakes . i think the point is not to wait , rather , to divert your attention elsewhere in order to first care for yourself but still remain open-minded about change ; say , someone comes along and naturally you ... well , my point was that when you meet with a dead end , you could walk through it . your feelings of being shamed and rejected , those memories stay with you and can strengthen you or you can choose to ... hmmm ... it's nearly 5am over here and i am burnt out from trying to find a second job on my end . you know what , actually , i was born in singapore too . however , i've been studying at melbourne , ... i wake up to a beautiful world where we're no longer self-conscious . orgy partaaay ! i can tell by the photo , assuming that you are indeed a guy with ripped jeans . so do you really identify with estp ? * can't tell if being serious * i love dat dog . o . o wat just happened here . dat nose will grow in less than 15 seconds . - expressing feelings at an appropriate time - regulation of emotions : meditating , reading texts on non-violent communication , alan watts etc helps , however . - communicating , seem to ... my make-up routine consists of a calendula moisturiser , oil-free sunscreen or bb cream , a little foundation , mineral setting powder , lip balm and chapstick . sometimes a little bit of eye liner now ... i wish i could give you more , but then i'll break the law . : s solar fields's music is amazing , so is mike oldfield :) i think saying that the music is meaningless isn't true but we might be arguing semantics there then . i think these non-vocal kinds of music ... yep , when i lost my patience / empathy for this infp , i just went all out with the tactlessness . i knew that it was sort of cherry-picking of the negatives as the infp had put it but what else did he ... agree with previous posters that you should give him a longer silent treatment , and when he contacts you again - show indifference , you don't appreciate his can't handle it gaff , so you could try ... i've had these fantasies of tying up men i've known , then beating them up and sexing them . mostly beating them up , however . not sure why , maybe i'd cry when i see them really hurt ? in real life , on ... no mmo for me . just spent the last 6 hours playing don't starve , it was released on steam afew days ago . 2d wilderness survival with witty remarks laced with dark humor around every corner of ... amen sister ! i get very good at using illustrator . make an epic tour throughout melbourne , taking lots of photographs . be less self-conscious / egotism , stepping up to challenges with a little more optimism ... i was in an fwb with a slightly older male infp . like you , it started off as experimenting , and at some point it became an fwb . honestly , it was my first real experience with physical touch as well , ... '