' 1 ) i aspire to eventually work in the recording industry . 2 ) i'm allergic to cats , yet i still have one . 3 ) i have two pugs . 4 ) i'm currently trying to read the vampire lestat by anne rice . ... i used to hate a majority of music until right before middle school or so , but then i fell in love with it . now i aspire to work as a sound engineer in the recording industry , so that should say ... intj - all three work for me , but i'm slightly more of an auditorial learner . i was never really deceived about anything besides the typical easter bunny , santa , tooth fairy , etc . even then , i figured out the truth about all the very early on . i spent most of my time with ... perhaps you're a robot who has been programmed to think you're an entp human . those women are slowly figuring it out . don't listen to them . you don't want the special agents to come for you , do ... i doubt there's a correlation , but i'm also one of the people who doesn't put much - if any - faith in astrology . who knows , there might be one . rising sign - gemini sun - leo moon - pisces ... i actually love body art and piercings , unnaturally colored hair , alternative styles and subcultures , etc . sure , i'm not too big on large gauges , too many piercings , facial tattoos , etc . , but it's ... intj - once i'm actually tired , it takes less than 5 minutes . however , i have insomnia , so i rarely fall asleep before 4-5 am or so . you can't see the ( oddly-shaped ) box well , but it's the best picture i got . 187994 ( my 7 year old niece was outside and got stung by a bee . she spent an hour screaming and crying because she thought getting the stinger out would hurt until this . ) niece : i think that scab was ... it really depends on what i need to remember . if it's something that i'm interested in knowing or something that is important , i usually remember it . sometimes it's only for a short period of ... i used to collect rocks / crystals and shells when i was younger , but i've mainly stopped that . i still have a lot of them , but i don't actively collect them . i suppose i also have a small ... - i stole $ 20 from my parents when i was in kindergarten to buy candy . i then sold that candy to my classmates for twice as much . unfortunately , 4 year old me didn't understand that hiding the ... download : 18.58 mbps upload : 4.08 mbps ping : 50 ms edit : now ( the next day ) the ping is 25 ms , but the download and upload speeds are about the same . apparently it was running a lot slower ... ( i was looking for crackers in the pantry , but there weren't where my dad told me there were . ) dad : * points at them * they're right there . me : that's not where you said they were . dad : i said ... mom : why don't you like to do anything fun for your birthday ? we could have gone somewhere today to celebrate . me : and what is there around here that i like to do ? mom : there's a rock climbing ... i don't have a dream guy ( i find it ridiculous to set expectations for one since it would be nearly impossible , if not impossible , to find someone who fits them all ) , so i would definitely pick the ... i cannot thank you enough for advice on this ! i'm hoping it will have stopped , but , assuming it hasn't , it's best to know the options ahead of time . seriously , thank you . it's annoying how a ... i told my mom about it when it first started , but she unfortunately still insists it's just because he likes me . yeah , i'll definitely talk to one of the counselors if it starts again . i'm sure ... i'm in the united states . if it matters , i'm turning 15 tomorrow , and he's 15 or 16 . i do know that one horrible teacher doesn't mean they're all like that , but i'm still hesitant to talk to them ... i'm a teenager , so i'm afraid that i cannot answer fully . as a younger child , i was very emotional . my dad yelled ( and still does ) at me a lot , and that's fairly scary when you're 5 years old and ... i got my high school schedule for this year . that itself is awesome . i got into the classes i want , and they managed not to mess it up like i thought they would . the problem is that the guy who ... me : ... you're going to have to go over by costco anyway because i want a cake from dairy queen . mom : soon , at least . me : my birthday is tomorrow . mom : technically . me : yes , that's the day i was ... i like that quote - happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing i know . i've heard it before , but i've never given it much thought . however , after my ups and downs over the last few ... i love this ! i've been wondering about mbti and hogwarts houses for a while , but i never looked into it in depth . i'm an intj and a slytherin , so it definitely fits for me . i don't think i've ever been truly suicidal , but i've definitely thought about it a few times within my rounds of depression . thankfully for me , they were never serious thoughts - more of what ... i agree that everyone is going to answer personally . although we share the same personality type , that does not mean that all / most intjs will fit a certain standard . do you daydream ? yes . do ... i find them interesting , but they're not something that i've read much into . i've been meaning to , but i seem to never get around to looking into things like that . personally , i wouldn't want to ... [ i left a trash bag in the garage , and it ended up spilling some ] dad : did you clean up the trash yet ? me : * looks at him * that's what i was coming in here to do . dad : stop being so rude . me ... toast , but only plain or with strawberry jelly . mom : that's why i go out here [ living room ] at night ; i can't sleep . me : [ to my dad ] and then she falls asleep in here instead of in your room . mom : i count that as awake . me : ... you really need ... considering that i accidentally slept until 5 pm , i'll probably be awake all night . i've gotten out of the habit of reading , so maybe i'll force myself to finally finish a book i'm in the middle of ... i do not think intjs are generally more into religion or mysticism . if anything , i've read that we're more likely to not be religious than any other types . ( however , that does not mean that a ... i tend to have more of a neutral feeling towards people , so it's rare for me to hate someone . i can only think of two people who i actually hate . both of which purposely annoyed me for years , and ... i'm sorry . i just get so emotional , you know ? i find steel panther absolutely hilarious . that probably shows how immature and messed up my sense of humor is . i'm sure there has to be a pattern somewhere . i've noticed some types having a distinct sense of humor , but i've never really considered whether or not it's due to functions . for example , a lot ... i do believe in freedom of religion , but i also do not think that religion should be above the law . forgive me if i'm wrong , but wouldn't not making priests testify about what they heard therefore ... i usually just wait until i can find it on an online streaming website for free . i'm not a big fan of movie theaters . they're typically crowded , expensive , uncomfortable , etc . the only time i'll ... when your friends , family , teachers , etc . constantly make it a game to see who can make you show emotion . or when they hug you , knowing that you dislike hugs , just to see your reaction . my parents , sister , and i have fibro as well . my parents ( and i think my sister too ) are actually disabled due to it . i have managed to mostly block out the pain from fibro , but that's only because ... my dad is an istj , and i'm guessing my mom is infp ( though i haven't read into it enough to know for sure ) . i'm an intj . my dad is controlling , a perfectionist , and somewhat strict . i was closer ... haha . : laughing : i just always envision the chicken getting hit by a car or something , so that inspires my answer , but i think that's more of my horrible sense of humor . janie's got a gun by aerosmith well , it's definitely accurate . that connection works with me , but not my three half siblings . then again , two of them grew up seeing another parent often , so that might play a part in why it does not apply . however , i don't know ... i'm currently listening to dr . feelgood by motley crue . for some reason i've been obsessing over 80 ' s and 90 ' s rock and metal lately . i'm that way as well , but i always assumed it was due to me being more of a picky eater . i just know what i like , and there's no use paying money for something that i know i won't enjoy . '