' idk what happened either . i guess , sometimes when i try to put all the aspects of my life and try to see whether my life will really work out . it becomes complicated inside my head and everything ... errr kardashians ( makes my head ache ) , id prefer horror movies instead . i was going to say , whats the point of learning if we are going to die ? but i get what you wanted to convey . do you think this is existential crisis ? have you ever experienced being in a peaceful realization that life is so hard . when your dreams in life feels so far off to achieve . that there is always a possibility that you might lose everyone ... thats what im thinking as well . however i need a lot of money to fund research i support and i want , profitable or not , eliminating all the bureaucratic entanglements and outside vested interests . so ... i try to bottle up my anger as much as i could . when i can feel that i am developing resentment i try to diffuse it by telling it to them that i am bothered about this and that . when i get so pissed ... 1 trillion euros without anyone knowing - that should make my life easier for the next 50 years . it depends . with family members and current partner , and also friends i know i value - i tend to be more forgiving but resentful about them . forgiving in a sense that i can understand and pass their ... this one . the amount of stabbing and severity of the wounds is incomprehensible for her to be alive . i cannot even imagine the horror , the pain and the shock from the blood loss . ... i think i dealt this adult mode with someone i am really close to as that someone is now in my opinion , okay now . this model is very precise , although are there any tips on how to sustain adult ... this is easy with all other person to which i am not emotionally attached . ive done this in the past . but with those i am emotionally attached , it is quite challenging . cant do that or rather thats not an option i am open to . someone admitted that he tends to give out dismissive responses . at the first time i tend to find a way to joke about it or laught at it or consider that someone as just being an idiot . but in the ... exactly ! we have control over some life forms , but we do not have dominion over all . we cannot subjugate nature , we can only prevent and mitigate its course of actions . we are not above nature , for if we are , ... that has been the protocol nowadays . usually computational and cell line testing then animal testing , and then human testing yeah this exists . but computational methods are highly focused and not comprehensive . most of drugs that have tested positive in vitro and have defined computational research basis , does not have ... hence , animal testing is still the best way to conduct medical tests prior to human clinical trials . computers that cannot accurately simulate how all the thousands of metabolic pathways interact . genes that we do not know yet or even proteins we dont know how they function and react . then we wont have meds now i agree on this , there is already an artificial skin made by l'oreal to conduct compatibility testing what if its a drug trial , usually during drug trials , upon injection , they are killed if they dont die . since the system has already been with stuff . animals cannot speak for themselves . that would be intp . then we can reason out the need to do animal testing for this as our survival has always been threatened by diseases and virulent microbes . the emphasis of rightness is ridiculous in relationships , for anyone and every other person you will meet will always be substantially wrong in all sorts of ways . that concept has to be already ... i have learned to be comfortable in small talk in normal conversations like in dinner , parties and whatever social gatherings i opt to attend to . if it gets too boring , i try to lengthen the small ... throughout the development and endeavours of biological science , animals have been used as test subjects to ascertain effectivity of various pharmaceutical drugs . cons - animals do not reflect ... this one : in the past i cried for the death of my grandmother , i still misses her ... i put all the ingredients in one pot and cross fingers it would just taste good . as someone just said , that's not cooking , that's chemistry . i do cook but cooking sometimes ( usually ) doesn't like ... do you mean you have anxiety as well ? i will try to approach these things into the perspective of anxiety as well . thank you . something is really wrong . i also got a couple of database error with no notifications and i am not even subscribed to my own thread . oh gawd , i do know why either . i have always acknowledged that motivation is not always the key to doing things done , it is self discipline . but now i feel like i am losing both . it is comforting to ... i will try to do this tonight . thank you ! you have a point in some and as well on the ego . although i think my ego is more at stake rather than it is well protected , it isnt , it is well exposed . and i think im racing against time and the ... do you have problems with self discipline ? like , you know what you want and you know what must be done , but you can only bring yourself up to stick to your own schedule and routine for a couple of ... an intj or an intp . referring to house m . d . , i think house is an intj and his bestfriend , wilson is an infj . distribute 1m ( specific to country's currency ) worth of gift certificate to every citizen that can only be used to purchase country's own produced goods im sorry . i put it up in a wrong way . i was supposed to say that there are things that he found amusing that i find somehow amusing when he shares it to me . which normally those are things i just ... do you have any infjs in your life and how do you get along with them ? my s . o . is an infj . idk if my mother is , but they have similarities but just quite . so my model moving forward will be my ... i like your observation . i will discuss this with my infj s . o . yaiks s . but that would be very interesting and sort of annoying to everyone . very interesting . statistically , s outnumber n types . so for all infj's is it safe to say that sometimes you wanted to be sort of much common ? if you eat a pill and instantly become a fs , what personality type - fs - would you be ? and why ? if you want to eat a pill and instantly become a ts , what personality type - ts - would you be ? and why ? yes ! . lalalalalalala asgard , intp i have trained myself to read in this way - scan , highlight , pick , integrate , re-organize thoughts . increasing the pace of this system lowers down the accuracy of the thought intake . i started with ... i am supposed to submit my project update last monday , but here i am 80 % of my update with all failed results but still has the time to comment in this forum . my mind is alt + tab always and i can't ... darkbarlow is right . this is infatuation , the first stage of before falling in love , this is where the fantasy kicks in . the idealizing and the intense imagination . it appears that your ... '