' i think istj and isfj can look very much the same , one difference is that an isfj is quite sensible when coming to criticism or emotions , plus , an isfj might be more interested in beauty than an ... ah .. i finally found the disorder which characterises my interior life , yet i see all these problems through the rational point of view . i somehow managed to close my emotion linking to this problem , ... i've gone through many moments of this kind . sometimes is depression , sometimes is lack of interest , or mostly to much phlegmatic mood in my personality . curiously they usually get solved by ... reading all the profiles may be the only way you will know for sure . still , it's very important to know if you are an extroverted person or not , if social activities drains your energy or not . as an ... should it ? positivism is a very delicate thing for introverted people ( for extroverted people positive thinking is their engine ) and then there is t and f , life is seen through different eyes , the ... i usually get depressed when i have to act with an extroverted attitude towards life . then , there is the problem that i simply can't love myself , i rarely get motivated by my own needs , and my ... odd ... never thought feelers have problems expressing their feelings . then again maybe thinkers have problems expressing their thoughts :) ) i don't know if this topic has been raised , but i'm quite curious of the answers . what motivates an infj to do something . at some moment you will have to accept that you are now going on different path from her and the link with her should be redefined . the fe function is quite consuming now , so it needs another place ... so does god answer our questions ? or he will stay silent this time . hmm ... maybe personality cafe is forbidden because it is evil . i think is more of a t and f thing and being i or e . i'm very careful with my cash flow . i hate borrowing money , i always make sure that i have sufficient money for my monthly expenses . i think it ... i sometimes doubt my intp nature , because i don't get annoyed by grammar and expression mistakes . i find them quite puzzling and funny . for me , the sum of personality traits are more important than a ... each 8 sub function belong to each 4 function , there is nothing wrong with that . what links te and ti are the fact that they are both thinking function . yet one needs the exterior to apply it's ... i was religious till heaven didn't seem such fascinating place , so i lost interest , i believe in some kind of destiny , some sort of equilibrium between good and bad , and i think angels and miracles ... it's just like leonardo da vinci who was a scientist , an artist , a writer and so on ... i think it's just a matter of time , as we grow up we tend to control our focus , and with substantial research ... - the keeper , consumer of knowledge :) ) - the destroyer and rebuilder of systems - the prisoner of his own mind - the dreamer of thoughts , ideas i think being a thinker makes you less stressed than the feeler ( especially fe ) , yet the need for perfection and when things are not going to plan are a big stress factor . there is a very good description of the intp ( an intp profile ) the difference is that an intp has little leadership in him , unlike an intj who has his auxiliary function te . he spends a lot of ... i like the description of an intp at this page an intp profile i have some questions too : - how come there are more feelers who believe in such a religion than thinkers . isn't believing in something spiritual mainly due to the personality type ? so god is opened ... i think jung said that to much introversion leads to anxiety , and reading is mostly a introverted process . as an introverted person you have the tendency absorb everything inside you , to overuse your ... for me ni is like a trance , its ' when you solve problems while dreaming of future possibilities . it's sometimes the spiritual nature of man . ni is like a continous long flow of future events , unlike ... i think have similar moments when i use my ti to explain a concept . first it would go on on a idea from a simple perspective , then after it begins to make sense , it will be judged from a new ... this thread is quite fascinating , a quite strong debate between the way jung theories are seen by an extroverted and introverted person , which are , of course seen from different point of perspective , ... the differences between fe and te are quite obvious , they work with different instruments . i think fe is a very special function , it's very empathic , you know what others need , you have the power to ... then it's just a matter of knowing if you are more of a feeler than a thinker . yet i wouldn't bother with this very much , being balanced may be virtue , knowing when to see things objectively might ... i would add one more test , what to you want to change most in the world - ideas - ne , feelings - fe , or the way things works - te ? , what do you like to be an artist , a helper , or a scientist ? a career which involves destroying a system and rebuilding it in a new way . ... is this a job for a scientist ? , philosopher ? i don't know . :P they are both introverts , they are both intuitive and thinkers , so it's easy to make a confusion from their actions . yet their interior lives are different , intp lives most of the time in their mind ... an interesting and depressing si . yet i know i have it . it's more of the phlegmatic temperament definition . i find it as giving a very clear separation between extroverts and introverts , and yes , it looks like the opinion of an infj , but i like it as is not so confusing . the classical definitions of te and ... this somehow shows to me that beside having a dominant ti , i have used my ni a lot of the times , especially in my religious and creative period . i think is a common attitude for most introverts . giving space to people is trying not to approach the external object through a direct action . extrovert people will rarely have this guilt of ... well . i really meant the people for whom the zodiac was created , is more for the superstitious sf and nf types . for me zodiac doesn't have any logic only lucky coincidence . i played chess a lot when i was young and i got very good at it . yet i will always prefer basketball to it , because chess is not very practical . i can't see the usefulness of chess , it says it ... maybe socionics was made by a very intuitive s type :) ) . yet , i agree with ostentatious you can find arguments in everything even in zodiac . i think the advantage of socionics is it's different ... i think cold is mostly associated with lack of empathy , this is mainly due to religion , films , and stories ( maybe infj and intp authors ) , where evil is seen as cold . infp will have a deeper ... thanks , i needed this explanation :) i have problems with my eyes when my mind gives false interpretation of what i see in front of me . when you think you know everything just from one glance but you don't . when the exterior world ... wolves , dog , marten , stoat , weasel , horse , killer whale , sharks , and the unreal dragons i have always associated my walking with my pulse , i ' ll walk at the pace that my thinking and feeling is doing . you're saying that when you're walking you can not stop and be absorbed by the ... it ' curious i did a lot of mirroring in my youth , and sometimes reading and watching tv will activate this function . it's has something to do with fe combined with the intuitive function , resulting ... :) there are not to many data to solve this problem . i think that istp will be very active in the physical world , so search his se function , if he will rather go to ski , or basket , than watching tv , ... you know you're an intj when you love your mind for what it's capable of :) . now how did the thinkers personality become a such a dreamers personality :) ) . i can relate with all your wishes and fantasies , yet i needed to control my feelings in a cold manner way as not to ... i think that infj are very strong characters , capable of enduring much stress through their lives . nf will always relate to strong misunderstandings from the surrounding world . but it's a matter of ... so if he hadn't his primary function fe , why name him an infj ? confidence - fi strong moral values - fi unaffected by other opinions - fi anger - fi love of social power - fi overprotective ... :) ) it ' s curious how hitler's personality is so debated . it should become a book . i think that being an infj sometimes means seeing other's feelings from different perspectives . hitler had a very ... what you should try is to do is cultivate your shadow fi , isolate from all the external influences ( fe is a big absorber ) , and find out what are you're personal values . all my life i didn't know why ... what about dexter from tv series dexter , when he plans his crimes ? '