' no . masculinity seems like too much work . i suspect that you're trolling , especially with the bit about fox news , but it's possible that you're uneducated or perhaps simply texan ( sorry texans , but it's true and you know it ) . it's ironic ... tell me about it . in a society where specialty is highly valued and generality is kind of looked down upon due to not being profitable enough , i can imagine that many infps often have a difficult ... hah , you're funny . i mean , lots of really cool people were infps , so yeah i guess i like it . but i don't quite relate to the stereotypical infp description . anything that doesn't emotionally move me or that i find lacking in substance , i guess . but some stuff that particularly annoys me is corporate cashgrab pop music of any generation ( modern examples ... i don't fit neatly into any of those subtypes . there should be another subtype called the contrarian . ;) i agree with you , actually . i was just trying to get people to see that it was not simply narcissism out of thin air . neville longbottom and luna lovegood from harry potter . from neville's clumsiness and lack of confidence to luna's airiness and fascination with conspiracy theories . huckleberry finn . my life has ... today i am dirty i want to be pretty tomorrow , i know i'm just dirt we are the nobodies wanna be somebodies we're dead , we know just who we are i don't quite relate to the sappiness and devaluing of logic exemplified by the stereotypical infp , but i'm also too concerned with ethics and morals to fit in with the stereotypical thinker . i feel ... yes . for real though , i was watching a lot of old school nickelodeon at the time , and i guess i chose chuckie as my avatar because i relate to his reluctance and obnoxious amount of fears . if i ... any words that society deems offensive , vulgar or even just too ordinary . when i read , i enjoy simple , direct , and explicit language over verbosity and euphemism that exhausts any meaning it may have ... ran off from my small midwestern hometown to new york city for a few weeks i don't believe in marriage , at least not legal marriage . and i tend not to envy people who get married / have children so early in life ; if anything i pity them because it means they're bound by major ... the concept of social justice is a fundamentally good one , but many people pervert it by moving so far to the left that they accidentally go full circle and become , essentially , extreme right wingers . i have a lot of friends who wanted to be cops as children and even throughout high school . but then after police training , they changed their minds for ethical reasons . christians aren't supposed to believe in divorce , ironically . she prefers an imaginary friend over someone who actually loves and cares about her ? her loss . because we tend to listen without bitching . i relate to this too much lol . but i think another big factor is that we lose confidence easily . even easy minimum wage job tasks take time to learn , especially if it's outside your comfort zone ... way out in the boonies , in a quaint house resembling the burrow from harry potter . other infps and their drama . infp =/ = drama queen . i usually keep track of things like that in a private notebook . stereotypical infp shit , i know . . _ . the self-serving , superficial , gluttonous , careless , hedonistic and downright stupid mindset prevalent in the postmodern west . if we ever get weed dispensaries in my state , i will enjoy shopping . until then ... meh . infps tend to be drawn to substance and sincerity . facebook provides neither . the bravest and noblest heroes are usually never thanked . do you feel superior to them ? on the nt boards ? infp male here . i took a snapshot just for this thread . (: ( for accuracy's sake , i relaxed my eyes so that they were in their most natural possible state ) ... actors and models train their eyes to look a certain way during photo and video shoots , so professional photos of them are probably not the most accurate reflection of their personality anyway . oops , accidental triple post . this one can be deleted . yes , many of them do view us as soft and weak . just let them continue to play us for fools . it will make things easier for us when we take over . : kitteh : i would ask him about his sex life and fantasies . genuinely curious here . our rulers give us just enough food , resources and technology to keep us pacified ; this partly explains the apathy . but also , fight against corruption seems too vague and uncontroversial to make ... be more mature usually just means do what you're told and don't rebel . next time i meet a princess that needs saving , i'm gonna be like fuck that , that's sexist and walk away as she gets devoured . i support equality . (: what feminism was * really * intended to stand for varies depending on which feminist works you read ; as people have already pointed out , it's not as if it was ever a single , specific philosophy , ... what makes them not real feminists ? people do this same thing with religion , saying organizations like the westboro baptist church are not really christian . considering there are multiple , ... no . naturally , i'm in favor of women's rights and human rights in general , but i'm not a feminist , nor am i a feminist who just doesn't realize it , as many of them like to tell me when i outline my ... no . i'm not so sure logic is an mbti type thing . i've seen intps and intjs who , as sirius black said to severus snape in one of the harry potter books , put their keen and penetrating minds to the ... you must have gone to a cooler school / university than me - we weren't even allowed to read catcher in the rye . :P i agree that schindler's list comes off wayyy better in book form - it's a very dialogue-based story , meaning it's nearly impossible to make it all that interesting onscreen , so i can't really blame ... i'm going to be rather harsh here : fight club - shit attempt at social commentary that tries way too hard to be edgy . schindler's list - boring . nothing more deserves to be said about this ... yippie , a beatles thread ! difficult to choose , but i'm going to go with within you without you , not only because it was written by the underrated george harrison , but because its message and ... she seems like a textbook infp to me based on her life , interviews , and of course the harry potter series . but i could be wrong . i believe today is che's birthday , incidentally . feliz cumpleaños , comandante . not everyone wants to be an n . i want to be an isfp because bob dylan was one . (: the n bias on perc and other mbti forums is pretty obvious though , but i don't lose any sleep over it . '