i don't like getting out of bed because i'm happiest when sleeping . x93supposing a tree fell down , pooh , when we were underneath it ? ' ' supposing it didn't , ' said pooh after careful thought . piglet was comforted by this . x94 ... so often i see infps wishing they were estjs . and i wonder : why ? why would you surrender a world of beauty for a world of coldness ? mmm mm . if by writing you mean staring at a blank screen in between youtube videos then yes . women in iran prior to the revolution : 231706 the missing ingredient in your list is the human soul . 230658 it takes a lot ( i mean a lot ) to make me angry . when it reaches that point i'll yell one thing and back down pretty quick . does anyone else find it hard to ask for help ? i mean the asking part . i just don't know how to make the words . not like the brazen giant of greek fame , with conquering limbs astride from land to land ; here at our sea-washed , sunset gates shall stand a mighty woman with a torch , whose flame is the ... it's a rather fascinating process . generally they never look at projects in their entirety but rather smaller manageable chunks . sorry i'm not good at explaining ^ ^ the thing is they make a habit out ... i have a fear of being cheated on . what do you call it when batman skips church ? christian bale . : cool : from the bioshock infinite artbook 223554 without conflict there is no story :) yeh i did something to my glasses and now everything looks like instagram ? maybe marriages should expire every ten years or so . if you want to stay together get it renewed . if not then everything gets cleanly split up and you both go on your way . think magazine subscription . actually this is pretty straight forward . step 1 : ask him out ( we can be kind of thick when it comes to romance so being direct is best ) step 2 : if he's into you he'll say yes . all there is to it ... book shelves are bunk beds for books . this is kind of funny . i have a crush on a girl who doesn't like me back at all . which i'm pretty much used to at this point so i don't really complain . i asked her what her favourite song was and ...  attack of the 90s ! ! got to do , got to do with it babe . it's about us , it's about trust , babe ! the ancient greeks were clever in this regard by having different words for different types of love . here , take a loot at ... hey ezeggs ; i remember when i was in high school all i wanted was to feel accepted . i wanted people's approval and i carried that with my through university . based on your question is looks like ... me : brain , i need you to keep working . brain : can't . tired . me : we need to get this writing done ! brain : well you can do that but i'm going to sleep . me : just a little longer brain and we - ... haha he likes being vacuumed ! i don't think most people do take their lives seriously . for literally trillions of kilometers in every direction there's nothing . if the moon wasn't where it was we'd be destroyed by meteorites . if ... i don't get sports 25 photos of sheep blanketing the earth like snow | bored panda all the elder scrolls votes made me lol . just the other day i was thinking of living in morrowind . have a little shop in ald'ruhn . wear robes all day . drink some delicious sujamma with dinner . ahhh . i hate to say this but maybe we don't have the follow-through to be a villain of significance . i mean we'd have to lead minions and ignore other people's suffering and there's the probability we'd ... 203074 cool libraries i have two deeply conflicting thoughts . 1 : i want a meaningful relationship with someone before sleeping with them 2 : i want sex and i want it now . i feel so alone right now . job hunting makes me want to kill myself . not literally , but you know what i mean . i have to pretend to be a hard working industrial cog without any interests beyond helping the company . and the ... this was pretty cool 25 famous movie scene locations in real life | bored panda everyone ! the bird is okay ! the bird is okay . i got it to a vet and they're taking it to an animal rehabilitation center . i had to keep it warm all night with heated bottles and old socks but he ... i was at work today . i opened up a door to the loading bay to dump some stuff . anyway , there's this really loud chirping . this is usual because the birds eat the food leftovers in the area . except it ... depersonalization disorder - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia always the future , i go out of my way to forget the past because it was shitty . but i think it's the same mental process . we think about what could be . i remember being in a pink hospital waiting room with my father . apparently i had sprayed chemicals in my eye cause i'm a genius like that . i just wanna sleep with evvveeeryyybody . eric clapton wrote this song after his four year old son died . i heard this song for the first time while driving home from work . the radio announcer explained the backstory for the song . i cried ... this made me sad . we should cuddle so that we both feel better . have you considered quitting ?