' whatever . :p ;) i can't ok ? that's kind of the point . and i'm bad at explaining things . forget it ~ :p yeah , just but not very hard lol . you would know when you're sure somethings not going to work . didn't mean that it didn't make sense . just that it doesn't really work for me . huh ? xd she seems to be talking about all teens pretty much , i'm just trying to prove otherwise . yes , i was busy . not dead . :P thought there would still be some potential valuables to ... for me if it's negative and negative and if you can fool yourself by changing your tone than you may as well just imagine everything is perfect because i can't convince myself with that kind of ... what do you mean by little game with fault ? of course , i want a solution . i started a thread to vent and find a solution . i don't think i've said anything that implies otherwise . it is all ... it's not that i can't be strategic . in fact that's exactly what i always do . until something i can't ignore happens . also , i just want to challenge sometimes . the fact that i should even have to be ... describe this drama , i mean i don't think i'm completely devoid of those qualities but i really didn't experience much from what i've seen of the others . i'm potentially one that just comes ... well , i'll tell you i never completely ignore him . i take in what i will work . i tell him my thoughts about why this will work and why this won't and sometimes he surprises me . i don't care who ... my standards are for both . even when he's hurt me if i hurt him back even worse i still feel bad . and i shouldn't , that's the way i am . outside the house too , all my friends say things that you would ... i did not mean i am complex in the way that i am sophisticated or smart or something . there's nothing he could ask for more of me . i can't change the way i see things completely just for him . i mean ... again . i hate him so bad . i want to tear him in pieces . ^ ^ just happy to say , i think i have found the truth that i have always known , posting one last time . i think i'm an intj ! the reason this thread turned out as if it did is because i didn't listen ... omg i hate him i hate him i hate him . sorry , if this bothers anyone . i'm fuming right now . are these two types not usually compatible or is it just him ? grrr it really doesn't sound like bliss . he thinks and recognizes that he's difference and that this would make others perceive him as weird and his personality makes it so that this bothers him . was that sarcastic ? that would sound like bliss for some but for others not . i would feel lazy and selfish and shameless , and ignorant if i couldn't focus on everything around me . my brother has ... tell me more . i'm already learning about it by the fact that someone with it has responded . describe your experiences with someone who has this . doesn't this schedule's difficult also depend what level college it's being compared to ? maybe i should just suffer because i have to be prepared to double major in the highest school i get into ... in case , it helps you to come up with something . i hear that 2/3 ap lit teachers in my school are good and the other one sucks . my plan is to drop ap lit if i have bad luck . also i hear that the only ... i'm not sure where we are anymore ... lol and than they think we are arrogant without even bothering to try ... which is when we decide they aren't worth it and then begin to appear arrogant . they just want to be right ? but for what purpose ? ... om * g . the one's made me thought i had to change until i actually did . but only like 1 % of me has changed to fit them . that's enough to make me wanna kill somehow though . i understand . :) but , um yeah i'm taking them so i'll look good for colleges . yes , the division tends to be history / writing vs science / math lol , no , no . it's a recent change to my status . i'm still trying to determine which of the two i am . maybe hearing your opinions on infjs ( what i initially decided on ) will help sway me to the ... this is cute , but what's the overall idea ? i'm missing the point . but i don't really think tests mean much . maybe i'm less fe than the test made it seem , can't it be anything ? i think according to the tests though i'm intj . because after ti the functions came out ... i'm kind of like that but than people glare at me and i feel selfish but i wasn't trying to be . maybe me starting to like doing analysis papers ( yes , i know it sounds stupid ) because i find ti very useful in it . i used to think as myself as bad at writing these kinds of things because i just ... i'm really not sure ! ! ! i eas beginning to think i was an intj just not and than you just mention all this that sounds like me ! i would be very good at making impersonal decisions , i just doesn't don't usually choose to do it . :) i tend to try and use fe without knowing it but i'm not that great at it or am at least not a ... really it's really relieving to hear that people can recognize that and that's it's known . but i wonder why it's the intjs that are portrayed the way they are then , because usually a stereotype is ... this runs the same for intj ?  ... it helps , sorry i can't take it until like 20 mins later though . what if i view the world as an action oriented place but i don't focus here and now and whatever ? which of these qualities best helps you understand the world ? for god's sake these are terrible questions ! which is why i hate taking these tests ! do i possess these qualities or what do i ... 2 ) ... an action-oriented place where you must operate in the moment . where it's necessary or where i do operate in the moment ? i did and all i remember is that i got intj = = how old are you about ? i like knowing a tad bit about who i'm talking to . no , it's a long process that's making my parents angry because i keep cutting ... okok , thank you so much for all your help but don't get all cute over me now . now , you can help me type my mom ! rofl ! she is an inxj as well ! i wasn't trying to argue with you honest ! i just need to ... yes , i prize what infjs are capable of too . no what ? why does everyone always assume that i was afraid people are stalking me ? ! i'm just afraid of what i might have said that makes me look bad in some number of ways . tell me more about you ... ... what have you been reading ? ? ? ... sorry c : hmmm , only a few huh ? i wonder what kind of school you went to because there are many in my school . i still don't know how to determine whether i'm capable of doing this . what if i get anxiety ... but why don't i get along with them ? done ! ! ! phew type six overview we have named personality type six the loyalist because , of all the personality types , sixes are the most loyal to their friends and to ... type five overview we have named personality type five the investigator because , more than any other type , fives want to find out why things are the way ... '