' lol , not bad hokahey . now less speculation and more quirky conclusiveness . this place was getting boring , some one said !  * shakes head * ... dennis , i'm afraid actually .. ^ lol ... thats cute ... becaauuse ... you ... are ... - - - ( i was an enfp ) - - - people ^ apparently ^ don't change . just like their opinions ^ apparently ^ ( sarcasm ) don't change either ... people apparently don't change . just like their opinions apparently don't change either . so i took the quick test , aaand , i got back % 70 . i went to the synesthete.org site and now i'm taking this arduously long test . ugh . o well , i'm discovering i'm more visual and more touch ... huh . like perceptions i bet . i was joking ... ( btw i was an enfp ) me either . i've never unthanked actually . the way i'm thinking of it , unhugging someone would be paradoxical since i would have to wrap my arms around them ( gingerly and loosely to communicate ... i can imagine myself * unhugging * someone , so funny . but its weird , then we start to treat thanks like some kind of commodity .. together , we are unstoppable . yea i hear you , my folks and mentors were pushing me too . being physical isn't everything though , there always of room for admin and hr and other stuff . just gotta man up for basic or ocs or ... brushing my teeth . lol synethesia is like who i am ! whenever something pops into my head it has like a flavor ! or something , like a style unique to itself , and that i make up on the spot . especially abstract ... epimer no one can enjoy this scene more than me . lol i just find it ridiculously funny . i forget who acted for pennywise but he was totally having a blast while doing it i can just tell . the ... would you believe i recite this conversation to myself while i'm driving ? so much fun ... alll colors ! killer videos lullaby , i really liked them . that's the kind of stuff youtube is really about , people connecting , expressing . you have more balls than i do . well ... maybe . i'm really pumping out ... complex people can benefit very well from simple people's structure too . remember when everyone's an idealists its hard to get reality rolling ! but yea that's all hypothetical . if he is f that's ... people have no idea what they are talking about when they are talking about themselves . they like to think they do , but online , its anyone's promise . from my experience on the net , no , dating ... my parents were violent . one day the sun shines , the next day ... i know it helped developed my ability to deal with ambiguity . and it goes on , and on ... if everyone disclosed whether some ... there would be no such thing as the infj then you're thinking too hard . some cultures have specific and roles for their women in their society , perhaps like our own . if a foreign woman enters a male dominant or gender specific culture , ... sea cucumber omgomgomgomgomgomgomg ... so why does this bother you so much ? i mean most of these folks are nobody strangers right ? do you really care what they think ? i know your a female and that probably has a lot to do with it ... see ? even sea cucumber acknowledges the might of boobies . cracked breaks it down . boobs | cracked.com behold . the power . ... <3 ! holla ! ! roflmao life = 100 % olihen ^ this about sums it up for me . ^ i would do my hair , then have someone do my make-up . or whichever comes first lol idk . after that , i would plug my vagina up with a tampon for the ... well you know what they say , you never appreciate it until its gone . your definitely right about j preference . s preference is extremely valuable as well . there's a saying in the military : attention to detail ! n's have a very hard time remembering large ... holy twinkies filled with whipped cream and strawberries batman ! i mean ormazd ! i just got to give you your thousandth thank ! talk about destiny ! its much more conducive than reducing the thank ... * chanting , with all the other guys * dress up ! , dress up ! , dress up ! , lol a little infj fashion show huh ? thanks for the mention i'm going to try this stuff out . it'll be great to listen to while i draw . i'll let you know what i think . oh and there's nothing i love hearing more than there's ... i love these yes / no question threads because i look at the title and i already have answer . she is a very wise and well spoken woman . intuitive qualities , respect for emotions , no ambitious ... - - - aen - - - ormazd i thank them for posting lol . imo , i think there should be a double thank button ! hokahey o yea ? well two can play that game ! military in general , sure . any man or woman can its not like type dictates your aptitude for defending you country . where you fit in , is what you want to say . from the people i've known estp and ... anything is possible when your man smells like old spice and not a lady . why does this option even exist ? its so spiteful ! lol so under the pretense that sex drive is subjective i believe i can safely hypothesis for the infj cuddling = sex tell me if i am wrong , anyone , i dare you . you know you like it that much . you ... mumbles lol you just had to have the v didn't you ? ! i bet you were waiting for it ! ! like some kind of waiting predator ! damn you burt's beeswaaax ! ! ! ... lol ... girls and their lady-lumps ... i also lol'd at lipbalm . them boys . in high school i always used to like watching girls touch up their make in the middle of class , too cute and ... ( m ) - mysterious why 1.24 ? , , , yep . i'm sure you'll find safe and stimulating personalities in our little corner of the forum . welcome , welcome , welcome . this is correct . '