' no , no , wait , it gets stranger . there's not much action really in our infj group . just a few comments from me and my old friend about dostoievski being an infj and gandhi . unless he has really ... i want to clarify that by cutting him up or cutting him off i mean restraining his access to me aka stop talking tp him . nothing psycho . english is not my mother tongue . kesha , whatever type she is , is a disgrace and a shameful event . and an idiot . i can't put up with her . everyone wonderful does i think :) yeah ! ! ! everyone can be evil if he chooses that path that drives him to be evil . it's a matter of choice , really , to be evil . i don't think certain types are better tan others . that's a fail . edit : and i ... yesterday something really strange happened to me . sincé days ago a boy , younger tan me ( his profile says he's 16 and i'm 20 ) has been sending me friendship requests in tuenti ( a spanish facebook , so ... i am talking to someone who says he's an infj and he's scaring me to death since we first talked . i don't get what he's talking about . maybe because he first scared me . he says he knows how i'm ... it can be true i think . maybe some people are happy married and others not . i tend to dislike marriage but my views on this change much , in fact , i think i would marry someone i really loved , but ... i don't see mia being a clear f . she's very ironical , she likes shocking people , for a purpose okay , but ... i don't see her being a f . she's really detached , i think . lily seems very fe user in the first seasons , in my opinion . there is a huge change in lily's personality if you look in the series carefully . for example , there's a moment i was watching today ... i first thought our amy would be infp , but really , she seems very sensing . her songs are pretty straightforward and do not use very complicated metaphors ; they are deep and they are ... bleeding , but ... i really don't know so much about them to talk . they both seem f types , but ... that's all typing is very hard . truth is that he's some kind of ixfj . i find it hard to difference si and ni using , even in real life . i don't know how to spot an isfj from an infj , really . i think ted ... i don't know . he seems enfp to me . but i admit i don't know him to the point you do , i mean , i haven't read booky work or watched many movies of his . i don't how you guys can be so unsensitive about the death of this woman . she suffered like hell . she was beautiful , too . but even if you can't see her being beautiful , she was suffering . that's ... crazy girl with a gun in hand esfp like and you are finally ? an nt trying to mock about stereotypes . ted is a fj in my opinion . and probably an nf . harry potter is always typed as isfp . but i doubt it . what about esfp ? ron weasley seems enfp or esfp . only thing i know is he's a fi user for sure . hermione seems enxj . ted entj ? that's really new . i can't see ted being a te user , really . i mean , entj ? he could be an intj but an entj ? it's so far the most surprising typing about him i heard . i support the idea of getting more female rappers into this thread . nicki minaj : esfj , really , i think so lil ' kim : i know her appearance screams se , estp or esfp . but sometimes , i have a feeling ... devo are so mad and so entpish i think you might be an estp or entp . who knows . are we meaning literal or metaphorical beating up ? i am not sure . i have a difficult 24/7 relationship with art . some like it hot it was really really great not like d and not like b . i am not sure about barney . truth is that ... he seems very sensorial , does things that are usually associated with 5 senses like going out , and all , but ... typing is not that easy . he seems to be a ... mbti is gonna drive me mad at times . ted is an infj or an isfj . barney is hard to type ; he's obviously an extx , but i don't know . i always said first that he was an entp or an estp , but i see certain entj parts in him , like , his love ... i agree a lot that you can't type the stupid under no letters . i thought it had to do , but really , being a bastard or a sick mind person has nothing to do with being enfp or istj . there lovable enfps ... i am not sure an isfj or an esfj would yawn when talking about celebrities . i am not sure . fe makes you very interested in people . i must have lots of fe then , bcuz i love people and celebrities ... i am obsessed with many things . it's not that hard for me to talk to people in social events , i must say . but i find myself very worried and anxious about being loved , or admired . not in a popularity ... i think nf men can be girly in the way they are more sensitive , deep , and at ease with emotions than other males . that's the way in which they can , certainly , be a bit girly if you are closeminded ... hating , confusion , coldness . maybe we all are unhealthy , and an unhealthy esfj is harder to put up with than an unhealthy intp i was just stating that i could not talk to you about anything . but be yourself . if you are yourself , you are encouraging others to be it too . actually , he was only a year older than me . the first time he did something to me i was ever too scared to answer . but the forthcoming times , i kicked him . i did . i haven't been and i am happy i haven't . it's one of the most disturbing things i can ever think of happening to someone . thanking god there ain't no many child molesters . this has reminded me i ... i think i could not talk about anything with you , wickedqueen . because you described the things i really love talking about . :D it was just a funny note . but i dislike intensely talking about ... sometimes i eat very quick , and others very slow . but i tend to eat very quick because i feel very stressed most of the time , like it was a part of me . i eat much when i'm getting nervous , and i ... cartman : entj i would say , a caricaturized one , but an entj i would say . although estp fits . it's hard to say , but we get the point about cartman's tough-minded , hard personality . kenny : istp - ... i relate much to that thing of making friends quickly but not keeping them . many times people think i am very extroverted , but i can't keep friendships . i know i would be shifting from one person to ... and if we were in a constant quest of the one in general , not in relationships , but life in general ? i agree quite much with this statement , deep down , i think ... although , sometimes it makes me ... i attempted to cheat once when i was 12 years old in a french exam . i was caught in a very stupid way ( not in the exam , but in the following period , since i wrote the answers in my hand with a green ... well , i don't know , but ... i always heard , and from the ( many times hilarious ) examples i've seen in tv - and not just tv - , that isfj males can look more femenine in their behaviour , in a way that they ... estjs are hateful to me . well , i mean , in my life , i'm still trying to find one that hasn't hurt me in a way . all of them made me cry , or nearly did . i'd rather have liked them to not care than tell ... i don't know , but probably i would not . i suck and i am not as powerful as i can be most days . i am a walking disaster . there go my 2 cents of stereotyping . xd from my personal experience : infp , infj , all feeling types . entjs are very trustworthy too . at least the ones i know . entjs are not typically trustworthy ... '