' thank you so much ! ! that was super informative too , and it's really nice to have an outside perspective on this . what the actual heck i'm crying i can't believe i actually liked doctor who that's not even funny i've been trying to figure out my type for probably close to a year by now . i used to consider myself an intp but i decided that was probably way off . after a lot of research and asking experts on ... interesting ! thank you very much . thank you for the confirmation ! it still helps a lot , i think . i haven't really narrowed it down to just intp or esfj , these are just the ones i've considered most . first off , i've been studying mbti for about a year now and i always considered myself an ... welcome . from your answers , neither . have you looked into istp ? based on your answers , that's what i would think . it's quite interesting that we have the same taste in instruments . i've learned to play piano , trombone , violin and alto saxophone . i don't really think it has anything to do with an increase in fe ... multi-tasking ! usually , when i'm excersizing / drawing / doing something i don't usually enjoy i'll just multi-task with something i do enjoy . for example , i'll be walking / jogging while listening ... i see white and gold , sometimes blue and gold . though after reading the wired article and seeing the actual dress on amazon i say it's black and blue , even if i don't see that in the picture . any thoughts on mbti / cognitive function linking to left brain vs right brain ? what do you consider most intp's to be ? a friend and i were talking a while back and we noticed that ne fi te si ... if you consider irresistible as planning out the murder of each and every person in the room , then sure . this is quite the interesting theory , so please don't think i'm dismissing it as a whole . i do like the concept , but the only thing that does confuse me is that you're almost saying it's impossible ... i'm not even an intj but that actually cracked me up . maybe it's even an nt thing ? i guess i just enjoy dark humor . an intp who gains confidence in his theories will take on intj characteristics . so , you're basically saying that in order for an intp to be confident then they have to have intj characteristics ? ... my theory on intp emotions is that we have just as many as the other types , but we're so afraid of them that we surpress them . unhealthy intp's don't really have a filter for their emotions , so ... i'd say you're definitely an intp , just not a stereotypical intp . i mean most people think intp's are awkward and procrastinating people but there are just as many healthy intp's out there like ... as it seems you often find ways to manipulate questions into certain results , i'm going to try and make the questions to where it's harder for you to do that . please try and make your answers as ... i'm in like 7th grade , so i don't think i need to worry too much about the details right now , i just wanted some sort of goal to work towards . besides , i only understand about 7 words in that entire ... i've actually been seriously considering both video game designing and movie writing as careers , so it's quite interesting that those are some of the examples that you brought up . thank you . perhaps , but what sort of career / degree would you be able to get off of that , i suppose is what i'm trying to figure out . are there any 2-3 types that you have narrowed it down to ? if so , i could try providing a questionare and typing you off of your answers . that's not a bad idea at all , i'll have to start doing that . i usually prepare what i'm going to say , but as i'm speaking , i'm kind of double checking my speech and making sure that i said everything right and if i mess up , then i'll start lingering over the ... ugh this annoys me to no end . i'll be thinking as i'm speaking and i'll just kind of stop in the middle of my word for like a second and then continue my sentence and i feel really self concious ... i've noticed i'm a bit more outgoing than most intp's ( not quite entp though , i've checked ) and i guess i'd be fine if it were someone i geniunly liked . i'd probably want to go to the movies , or ... aha , i guess deciding on a goal is what i'm trying to do . maybe i'll enjoy doing physics , though i wouldn't know since my math capabilities are nowhere near that level at the time . so , i've heard the saying thrown around a lot , something about how intp's are good at a lot of things but not really amazing at anything . i have quite a long way to go i even go to high school , and ... i agree with the first post , for the most part . our emotions are very ... straight forward i suppose , which is part of why we're so afraid of them . when i was little , i didn't know how to control my emotions so i surpressed them , probably like a lot ... i'm 13 at the moment , and i guess i'm just the slightly insane smart kid at my school . nothing more , nothing less really . but if you think that you think incorrectly , then that thought is incorrect which would mean that you think correctly . but if you think that you think incorrectly , then that thought is incorrect which would mean that you think correctly . it actually took me a minute to see what you were getting at there . interesting , though . i don't think i quite understand my process of thinking either . though i think that whenever i think it's kind ... this is why i don't go into the intj forum . i mean , describe your stream of conciousness ? whenever you have to think up a reply to what someone has said , or when you're processing a math problem , what exactly is going through your mind and how ... let's hope . i'm 13 years old and an intp and all i've learned from reading through this is to stop dressing like a serial killer and don't chase your dreams . thanks guys , you rock . i hate romance movie / books / anything . once , i went to a friend's birthday party and they decided to watch the fault in our stars and i complained so much that my friend literally broke and she ... i try not to place a label on things like good or bad . the way i see , everything simply is . the word is is another form of be and the definition of be is to exist . so by my previous ... maybe instead of asking a bunch of strangers online , you could actually try doing research on the matter ? 1 . you did pretty good . don't shut down though and stop talking . he knows something is wrong and he'll probably overthink it and think that you dislike him now or something or you're too clingy ... how would you murder someone ? and what would be the ideal type to have as a partner in crime ? a good example of logical would be like .. okay . so i had this teacher in middle school and she would always show us the short cut way of doing algebra and what not , and i remember i would always ask ... usually an enfp or entj . just by the way they behave . i'll usually want to approach one and start a conversation but aha of course that never happens . so i basically just kind of sit there and ... just being in nature , rain , thunderstorms , looking at stars . and i also enjoy when something unpredictable happens . i usually keep a pessimistic view on things , so whenever things turn out nicely its ... as an intp , what is your learning style ? if you're unsure , i'd suggest taking an online test or just researching them and choosing the one you think best fits you . there are many different names , but ... normally in video games , i just rush in and slaughter people and sometimes do things stealthily + rationally if i'm in the mood . for world of warcraft , i love playing disc priest . i cry so damn much like even if i just get a little stressed out i'll just like burst into tears and it's really ugly and i try and act cool about it but eh . '