' i think so ... although i do possess some tomboyish traits and do not behave all that ladylike . * locks her ( ? ) self in bathroom to experience an identity crisis * sorry to be a party pooper , but i'm a gal ! ouch ouch ouch . butchslap ! there ’ s definitely some hurt going on around here but it ain ’ t my butt … listen : these two entp ’ s come out of their shells when we interact , as they do when they ... i know two entps , who tend to be quiet with people they don't know well . this is due to series of misunderstandings in their past caused by ne + ti and the underdeveloped fe . both are in their 30 ' s ... no . to me it often translates as selfishness . mysterious ? maybe . but what's the point of being mysterious , really ? if it's used as a method of controlling people , then no thanks . although fe is also ... this post is terribly late ( at least i hope so ) , but as i'm facing the same type of problems currently , i'm giving my two cents here . i have the so called monkey mind and as a 32 yo i'm still ... i was in a relationship with an entj for six years . we worked our asses off to make it work , but it didn't . i learned to ignore his insensitivity , but the biggest issues personality type wise lied in ... manticore you should definitely check out tahdon asia ! it's some 10 years old series , but it never seems to get old ( watched it five times - the writer must be ne-dom . i don't know about the ... 7w8 sx / sp here . sx-dom works for me until i enter a relationship . once the first weeks of finding out how we works pass , i start feeling dissatisfied . i'm so greedy of intense experiences that if ... ha ! i'm a 7w8 sx / sp teaching 12-16 year olds . and killing it ! my estp boyfriend wanted to post a picture of us on instagram . he had taken the picture in the morning , and i looked terrible in it ( needless to say , he looked great ) . me : don't post that ... dear estp , we've had an awesome start ! against all ( almost all ) written odds ! can we make this the love story of the century ? i want to rub it in mbti's face . like that ! and like that ! and that ! ... holyshizzy yeah , that's about correct . : wink : i just met this smoking hot estp guy . i might want to pursue a relationship with him . i know the possible pitfalls of infj / estp pairing , but then again mbti isn't everything . i'm 7w8 sx / sp and i ... do you know your enneagram type ? sounds like type 9 problems . i was dating an entp 9w1 , who had similar issues . hugs ! :) maybe it's about the fear of loss and potential pain in general . not being able to handle the overwhelming painful emotions ( guilt , depression ) . fearing you've made a mistake and you have to end the ... i'm glad i can help . :) luckily , rocd responds to therapy . maybe even better , if you aren't prone to ocd in general . basically the rocd brain is terrified to surrender to love and thus tries to ... people can suffer from rocd despite they don't have ocd . people with rocd usually have heavy abandonment issues and they have gone through very painful relationships ( parents , lovers etc . ) . after our ... cobaltius a lot of what you're describing here sounds like symptoms of rocd . is the term familiar to you ? a smokin ' hot infj by their side . also works as if he really likes himself , he will understand and accept it . : tongue : okey dokey ! here are my best friends in no particular order . i defined best friend as someone i could ( and would ) call / contact anytime . entp 7w6 male entp 9w1 male entj 1w9 male isfj 4w3 ... i think the result goes more along the lines of enneagram ( or something else ) than mbti . i'm 7w8 sx / sp :) . also my sun sign and my descending sign is taurus . i tested twice ( because i doubted i would ... dominance 41 % steadiness 28 % influence 26 % compliance 5 % the article is mainly a load of bull attempting to shed a very negative light on infj's . kinda harsh . okay okay okay okay okay ! god ... i was speaking metaphorically . i meant getting outside of my head . jeez ... : rolleyes : hooray ! i'll go wait outside . tzara yeeep ! come and get me . infj 7w8 ' s yeees . i have this project of being more social ( so variant last in stack ) , because i wanna connect with people and get rid of being picky with people ( i put very little effort in trying to get ... highly independent , mostly independence is natural to me , but i also overdo it as a defense mechanism . i dread being clingy or possessive and thus i act distant when i actually wish to attach more ... why did sally cross the road ? - because she didn't wear a seatbelt . where did sally go when the bomb went off ? - everywhere . 184914 ( l ) e ( t ) go infj 7w8 sx / sp , hee-o'hoy . yes . for me it's not just thinking , it's like i'm working on various people in my head . i need to understand everything on the deepest possible level . my brain doesn't rest until i have a concise ... 174434 where'd it go ? lyrics go : it's a non-stop disco , bet you it's nabisco , betcha didn't know i go : it's a non-stop disco , back to sibisco , bet you didn't know ... anthony de mello builds his theory of love around this . love is not blind , infatuation is . when infatuated , people typically discard or cannot see the unwanted or disgusting traits in their partner ... touché , andré ! d to the i to the t to the ... you know ! do you have a 7 or 8 in your tritype ? i got plenty of both , and i think the drive to test your limits just to see if you can pull through a tricky situation ... i just read an article claiming that emotionally stable / happy people don't get addicted to heroin . it actually makes them feel sick . : mellow : i don't think anyone could understand me ( or anyone else ) perfectly . my isfj friend understands ( or tolerates ? ) me pretty well , although we're not that alike . she kinda knows who i am because she ... thank you . that probably helps . now that i come to think of it , the entp's who have taken interest in me have been strikingly polite and sensitive . like , where did you go ? but that's ok . the more i ... how does your ne mesh with the need to merge in a relationship ? i'm dating an entp 9w1 sx and his out and about - persona differs a lot from what he's like at home . it's like all ne in the outside ... i can't say i have a least favorite mbti type , because mbti type determines so little of one's personality . i find enneagram more accurate factor when i think about which types i like or don't like ... jdstankosky thanks for reporting ; that almost slipped my surveillance cam ! salad is always greener on the other side of the line . '