' anyone here taking any nootropics ? and if so what do you take / what does it affect on you cognitively ? what differences to you see that can be explained in psychological terms . example : more ... i work in retail sales . every now and then i get a customer who clicks super hard with me . the conversation usually starts something like this : hey , i'm thinking of getting blank , but i want ... don't mean to necro the thread but it's only on page 2 . so i figured i'd throw my 2 cents to 8 dollars in . i view it the same way i'd view a sick person . they're in a weakened state . it's not ... i'm surprisingly sensitive to others feelings for an entj . i've gotten quite skilled at turning peoples body language into information for me to use logicly rather than feel them out . i often have ... gengar _ both versions of myself contain a lot of drive . but one is unfocused and across multiple stimulus rarely reaching hyperfocus on any one thing until something is so desirable it manages to ... it used to not work correctly . where i would would have impulses to self serve in the now with long term disadvantage . basically once i became more mature and started focusing heavily on having a ... it sounds like a paradox i know . i've been diagnosed adult adhd ( the bold on that because i cannot sit and explain how being lazy / unmotivated doesn't mean you are so totally add ) and now that i have ... i trust my intuition heavily . but if i have to stop to question why i did something my brain quickly hands me the words i need to describe my reason for the action i took . example : impulse to buy ... i'm open to changing my mind if you can present me evidence as to why i should . no , your feelings about it doesn't count as evidence . 8w7 noticing a theme here for sure . maybe we're organized because we want control or is it that we are organized because we have so much control ? don't be afraid to put yourself out there because of stuff like this . i suggest developing a screening system for this behaviour . or even just making it clear from the get go this is your stance ... sticks and stones may break your bones but words leave emotional wounds that never heal . when i was younger and more immature , this was something i probably should have kept in mind . huge edm fan . 90 % of what i listen to is electronic . i work in a sales job and it's completely commission based . although the entp i work with thrives in this environment they keep topping me up because i'm not even breaking minimum wage . i'm 21 and ... then you differ from i . the apathy towards sex and generally non dealings with people started to effect my life in a negative manner . i quickly augmented the behavior out and focus more on my ... through my experimentation with lsd i became much like this . it brought out the apathy towards sex etc etc . i just identified the behaviors and edited those types of thoughts out of my head . if ... cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 35.3 ) good use introverted sensing ( si ) ... ok . to explain my point further . you use terms like all this shit you just typed and you are an idiot which make you seem more bias in information . you also group lsd and non psychoactive drugs ... i don't do any other drugs . i already eat healthy and exercise . and i only drink socially . even then i dislike how it affects me so i keep it to one or two beers . i don't intend to drop more acid ... sigh , the main feeling i'm getting from this thread is oh you don't like our made up thread facts ! ? well fuck you ! you're not an entj at all ! ok . explain ! i just did ! look at all my ... right now . i can't see why i would ever not want to live like i have been . my life has been doing jumps forward since then . i don't think i'll ever stop seeing a need for it . being organized has ... i drop acid about once every 3 or 4 months when i think i'm mentally ready for it and it will help me make positive changes to my life . you obviously group psychoactive drugs and non psychoactives in ... it is known that lsd affects the serotonergic system in the brain . however , the actual ways in which it acts on that system to modify behavior remains unclear . hencewhy i seek firsthand ... your first link has no credible sources . your last link doesn't apply to lsd because it's non addictive . i appreciate your effort to help and be concrete with your facts but you should really ... like what you're doing right now ? again , you're not going to elicit an emotional reaction from me . it just lowers my opinion of you as an intellect . again i'll point out hanlins razor : assume ... with the bias of you and msbossypants i have to be really wary of the fact that he could just be saying that because he like you doesn't like me . and is bias . i was looking mostly here for more ... i believed it's changed all it needs to change to come into the realizations i have . i just have to keep them apparent in my behavior . i'm very surprised at how closed minded the people who have ... more elitism and ego buffering . told you already that's not welcome here . even added it to the front page post . i believe you just used the term it's all in your head to psychologic mental exploration . i can be an entj if i want to . it's as simple as understanding the steps and changes i need to make my ... specific thoughts . then after about a week of fumbling around with the way i lived . i equalized to this behavioral pattern . excellent . i see you've corrected your empty post problem . now let's move forward : i'm under the firm belief that you can change your mind in any way if you think strongly enough . if you're aware ... actually if i've found my cleaning to be more consistent and effective if i have shame for a mess . when my room isn't clean or i'm not being efficient i feel inferior and less . in order to maintain a ... hanlins razor : assume incompetence over malice . you support none of your points . you grab information that sounds correct although could be easily refuted . if my ne is glowing . point out where ... mdma is not a psychoactive drug . it does not change the brain in the same manner . please do more research into psychoactive drugs and their effects on thought process before making posts like these ... yes . it is . you're awfully childish for an entj . please stop adding unhelpful posts to my thread or i'm going to report you . if you didn't detect the sarcasm . you're not really adding anything to the thread . i'd rather you prove my incredibility rather than just claim i have it . have you ever done acid ? do you know ... i'm no author . i don't claim to be . also me and chris had a previous intellectual agreement to try and improve each others lives . he actually asked me to point out his areas of weakness . then when ... i'm interested and unfamiliar with this function . please go on . explain how this applies to my situation . i've never seen this movie . and again if you're all going to knock drugs . please at least consider that i don't smoke pot nor drink all that much just socially . i don't indulge for no reason . the ... ha . it's not the job i do that's boring or anything . allow me to explain i'm paid based on how much work i do . not how long i work . it's up to me to decide my own hours and it's all based on how ... i have since touched drugs . specifically lsd and it led me to being far more organized and efficient . i got the results out of lsd i was looking for in adhd meds . you can really break your mind on ... i went from playing 5 hours of starcraft a day to none . i haven't touched my 2300 $ gaming computer in days . all i want to do is clean , study and work out . feels great . i can't see value in wasting ... the changes and realizations you come to on a psychoactive drug don't fade out over time . if you learn something while you're high on a brain changing chemical you don't unlearn it when the chemical ... you can't really group psychoactive drugs with drugs and alcohol . the effects they have on the brain are substantially different.long and short term . actually the new job is a result of me being entj . i decided my current job was getting me nowhere . i had a new job lined up before i quit . basically i went resume crazy and went applying everywhere ... i haven't done acid since new years . i don't know if you've ever looked into the drug but the effects it can have can be permanent . i admit i cleaned more when the drug was still in my system but now ... in short . i want to know how this happened . one day i'm happily floating from situation to situation as an entp . ready to improv my way out of any bind . however my self created luck with the ladies ... i was but a young entp . i find cleaning calms me when i'm stressed . so productive it hurts . i haven't read the thread up to this point . but in all my clothing i try to project 2 things to people . between the 2 i try to project that i'm an alpha male or an intellect . the problem i'm often ... scratch that ? scratch and sniff ? :D '