' life is so surreal to me . i don't think at any point in my life did the idea of being alive sunk into me . when i look back at the things that happened in my life , all of my memories seem just like ... honestly i try my best to hide my emotions when in public . i've always been known to be a crybaby , so i don't want to see me make such a pathetic face . body language , aura , and word choice . i can feel a person's energy or vibe . for instance , when i saw my friend's new boyfriend for the first time , i had the feeling he was going to be trouble ... brooding vigilant virtuous romance sorrow genuine tenacious from my experience , it's almost impossible . i'm far too slow by modern standards . i like having romance come from a good friendship . i've had one relationship that ended badly , although i was ... the absurdity of life or when my friends suggest going to the movie theaters because they honestly have some questionable taste in movies and constantly make noises . i used to love blindly . word of advice , if your gut tells you something then follow it . the heart can be easily fooled , but your intuition will not fail you . me and my only friends are drifting apart . the sad thing is that i'm happy that it's happening . lately i've been hanging out with them and i've been asking myself if i'm even enjoying it anymore . of ... i can get pretty damn mad , to the point where i can't control myself . i just have a primal urge to bash things with my fists and headbutt anybody . it'd honestly surprise people to see me act so ... doing a little drinking tonight ! i just like the idea of being a tortured soul , primarily because i feel like one . nothing makes me happier ( ironic ) than listening to some sad music . with happy and upbeat music , i can sense the ... i hate having the sky high ups and the deep sea lows . when you're up , you feel like nothing can go wrong . when you're down , you feel like nothing can go right . i hate feeling like something is wrong ... i don't really get it . i'm fine on my own , i can do anything for myself , and i'm used to doing everything alone . but some days , i just get waves of soul crushing loneliness that can linger for ... still alive though so i'm sad and lonely . what did you expect from a guy like me ? i'm drunk right now and i'm eating burnt popcorn . i think there is something wrong with me , like either physically or mentally . however , at the same time i also think i might just be overreacting . i'm horribly lonely . i made this one day and i took a picture of it . 46087 ted ( 2012 ) rating : 7/10 infp : 1/10 general comments : while i thought the story of the movie was pretty good , but the movie just wasn't that funny to me . it's still a good movie , it's still was ... being friend-zoned sucks , but if you keep yourself in the friend-zone mentality then it's really your fault . if you expressed your feelings to her and she doesn't feel the same way , there's nothing ... i like cooking , but i'm absolutely terrible at it . i never liked the color pink , even as a kid . it's not that it's a girly color , but it just doesn't suit my personality . i only cry in private ... i've always liked spiders . they're just really simple creatures . i envy simple creatures , as all they have to do in life is to find food , stay alive , and breed . but i think all of those features are actually strengths . in fact , i wouldn't mind meeting more girls like that . while i don't hate all hipsters , i hate the majority of them . nothing really frustrates me more than bandwagoners . just be yourself and if that's not enough , be more of yourself . i crave long philosophical talks and debates amongst my fellow colleagues and comrades , but all i get is conversations about sex , school , and work . sometimes i'd just like to interview each and every ... the class is over . i'll miss her , but i know we weren't meant to be . who knows if we ever meet again ? biology final exam the fear of exposing my deepest and darkest fears to outsiders . generally i pick at their flaws in my head . if she dresses nice , i'd say that she'd probably way too high maintenance for a guy like me . if she wears makeup , i'd probably say that she has to dump ... good job , well done , nice work , i'm proud of you , you really are a good friend , i'm glad i fell in love with you , you've got a heart of gold i'm in sort of a weird situation right now . i really think this girl likes me , but she already told me that she liked this football player from harvard . apparently he approached her but they're not ... part of life is dealing with judgmental people . after being on the internet for so long , i'm not necessarily phased by how closed minded people can be sometimes . i'm particularly stubborn myself ... i remember making friends with a girl back in high school . we became good friends and eventually she started calling me pops . i think i'm very mature for my age due to the fact that i'm not really ... when i was little , i had millions of imaginary friends . however , they were mainly a coping mechanism for the loneliness i felt as i had very few friends growing up . i never kept the same ones , they ... another late assignment i like pretty much all things classy . especially women . i think if two individuals have feelings for each other and they both acknowledge it , then it is love . it's just a matter of the relationships that come with them . there are unhealthy relationships , ... my mom hates my handwriting . first off , i've never learned how to hold a pencil properly . when i was little , i grasped the pencil in a very strange manner and my mom ( who taught me how to write ) ... i got to hang out with my friends . it's been months since we've seen each other . i haven't hung out with anybody in what feels like centuries . however for some reason i felt lonelier in a pack of ... i gotta say i'm more at home when it comes with hanging out with other bros . female friends are alright , but i don't think there's any bond quite like bromance . i don't really understand girls all ... sometimes i argue about whether i really like a girl or not . it's almost always a yes , but i need a reason to talk myself out of taking any initiative because i know i'm most likely not going to ... during lab , i got into my usual group . i don't really know them , it's the third time we've worked together . i'm reading off some of the instructions from the sheet and the guy at the other end of ... i love linkin park . they were the band that got me started on music and they were the only band i liked for one point in time . i know they're not the best band in the world and their newer works ... i play battlefield bad company 2 , diablo 3 , and league of legends . i used to play starcraft 2 but i find myself being completely terrible at rts games because i can never keep up with resources , ... it's my birthday today . i just turned 20 . i'm not doing anything special tomorrow , unless an eye doctor appointment counts . i wonder who's going to be the first one to give me some happy birthday ... i have been pursued before , but for all the wrong reasons . however , if a girl was truly interested in me because i was me and she asked me out , i'd at least humor her with a date . number 33 always gets me . i spent my high school years trying to impress a girl who clearly wasn't interested and now i regret it . sure , i'll laugh at how awkward and pathetic i was back then , but ... play visual novels and fall in love with 2d anime women . or just basically keep yourself so occupied that you can't think about how lonely you are . '