' i believe i commented on here , maybe a year ago to a long time , so months ago , mistyped as a 4 with a 5 wing , discovered and learned a lot , actually a 5w4 am i the only infp who listens to this and when this song animates your imagination and makes you want to cry and listen to it forever because it makes you so sad but it makes you so happy but then ... when you go on rants about mainstream things and how no one supports their individuality when everyone loves to pick on your awkward hand movement / gesturing . what is this ? this thing i killed yet is growing all over again . i refuse to be hurt so i will not go with the flow . i'm attempting to resist and standing my ground wait , no , i'm faltering . i ... a windy day filled with turmoil and clarity , and then a loud , cracking silence . a haha i know ! and then i feel guilty and i'm just like no , i'm not a needy compliment fisher , it was a joke D: you know you're infp when your jokes sound self deprecating or self pitying to everyone but yourself , and then a bunch of people start consoling and comforting you and you're just sitting there like ... i'm agnostic , not very spiritual or religiously involved at all . but i do think about the is there a god / is there not a god thing quite a lot . i don't have a problem with it ( at least i don't feel like i would . ) casual sex seems more exciting and like an extreme rush , i guess i divide the two things instead of combining them . i seriously ... when you have strange yet really cool and interesting ways of expressing your creative / authentic side . mine are through hair dying ; i always have some interesting , non-mainstream thing going up on my ... i think i can be pretty persuasive or manipulative if i want something done and it's not happening , but the majority of the time i don't bother with it . i love instigating stuff and sitting back and ... you know you're infp when-on a whim - you decide to write down every single quote you like , even a tiny bit , from your favorite book and end up with about 10 pages front and back . oh my god the irony ! the contradictory thing is so me , i piss people off all the freaking time because they demand an explanation and i know for a fact they won't understand , in one situation it was ... when novels make you cry and sob but in real life sad situations you don't even know they happened until two days later because you were daydreaming and your response is an oh and attempt at ... agh this is the story of my life ! and then i end up shutting up because you know what i can't even explain , i mean i know but i can't put it in words , you should just understand ! you know you're an infp when you start questioning whether you're really an infp because come on , how could a test define all this authenticity ? ah , i guessed it was a joke but i was confused . i'm usually right in m first assumptions but i second guess myself so much that i always have to check stuff first . not very intuitive of me lol what the heck lol how'd you come to that ? just wondering haha , i'm not sure if t's just personal preference , or the personality mechanisms but honestly i thought my type was the least inclined to ... this thread is hilarious haha haha none taken , i actually have the same opinion as you , although there is a somewhat initial understanding , we ( well if you are enfj , my mistake if you aren't ) seem to have a lot of different ... oh no i know what you mean by judgement , i just generally dislike order and planning things out not that i personally have anything against j's , it's mostly tj's i don't get along with , ugh . lol but ... i can see the istj-ness of istj's just by reading all the posts on here , lol it's so interesting , you guys all sound exactly like my i ? tj relative , i'm fairly sure he's an istj . even when answering ... i think you guys are amazing - but the ones i've met so far have a way of sort of stifling their real opinion on something - they'll give you their opinion , just maybe 3/4 of it and keep the rest to ... what about enfj's ? i met one and it's like we connect an a whole other level , just woah . i recently met her though , just a few days ago so i need to know about long-term enfj friendships and stuff , ... i'm an infp but when when i'm feeling more e than i i tend to annoy the most peaceful people ever into raging beasts yelling at me to leave them alone or stop being such a debater , i usually debate ... what personality types do enfj's usually click with at first meeting ? ha being infp i'm always sitting there meaning something one way and explaining it another - whenever i say something , even ... individuals who experience depersonalization feel divorced from their own personal physicality by sensing their body sensations , feelings , emotions and behaviors as not belonging to the same person ... this made me laugh , i'm pretty sure my dad's an istj and i admit , i hardly ever get along with him . i mean i'm actually able to have very intellectual conversations about minds and all that but ... it seems like we all have it then , but only experience it to certain degrees . i guess i experience it at a higher degree than you , like my peak of literally going into myself , which happens every ... who do us infp's get along with the least , and the most from simple interactions and / or initial meetings ? i've met other personalities obviously , but i'm just curious , from experience who do we seem ... i do the same sorta twitchy eye thingy too - take a video of yourself just generally talking or whatever to see it , that's how i first noticed it lol . everytime you pause to think they sorta shoot side ... yeah , i already got an answer though haha sorry i'm pretty notorious for typing without pause because i lose train of thought very fast so i don't use paragraphs unless i'm writing a story or essay ... lol that's a terrible quality of mine and as much as i try i can't seem to be specific enough and the more i try the harder to understand i get , it's not pretty i'll leave it at that lol . no the're not very frequent , haven't had one in like 4-6 months actually , now that i think about it . it's been a while , probably just intense daydreams like you said but last year i was forced to ... i really liked the graceling realm series by kristen cashore , others thought it was a bit abstract but i liked it because of that , it was a sort of peaceful dreaminess and then all of a sudden an ... haha i did ... sorta . i was too focused on typing . but noo i failed at explanation , it's best to engage them in in conversation that they do feel strongly about , just not something that relates to ... i'm a type 5 , it seems like four is the most common but us 5 ' s are pretty common here too - i definitely agree with the investigator , sometimes i'ms o curious about how others think i justw ant to rip ... sorry i keep coming back , popping up with more . i hope they're relatable , if they're not lol maybe i'm just weird . you know you're infp when you prefer having a conversation online because it ... they don't get along very well , from my experience on observing my parents . the istj just doesn't like emotions or having to deal with the results of having emotions so they tend to block them off ... yeah it might just be an introvert thing , although it seems to happen with inxx combinations most of the time from the responses i've gotten . thankyou this accurately describes it ! uusally when i'm really intense is when i freeze up but occasionally , if i'm thinking hard but not to that intense point where i stop , i do tend to be clumsy or ... it's definitely weird alright , i never noticed how freaky it looked until i saw someone else doing it , i thought he was possessed by a demon or something . our pupils dilate and they fixate on ... you know you'r infp when even when you're typing it seems rushed because you're thinking to much to be focused on coherent-ness . oh no , i'm not offended , sorry i didn't elaborate , i was just typing out my thoughts without , you know , explaining them . i attempted to put it in a metaphor , but it sort of backfired . i didn't mean ... haha yes , i don't move at all , it's happened in school before which was extremely awkward . it's not even like i'm thinking about a complex subject either , i'll think , what am i going to eat for ... i was wondering if anyone else did this - they get so focused on a subject that they zone-out , not even knowing that you're thinking hard about something , but realizing you were , you became so ... really ? i occasionally like people like that but sometimes emotions get annoying and i start looking for party animals haha . i guess it depends because sometime i'm only an introvert by 12-15 % and ... it's funny because i was never emotionally dependent on somebody in the past and i was very depressed , and as i got older i would find one person and just that one person would be the one i chose to ... '