' i have felt the rare joy of vengeance at the tip of a jdam . when you have a coward who lays an ied that instantly kills a vehicle full of my brothers and sisters , vengeance is best served on a ... oh , would you look at this can of worms ? especially the bloodworm variety . i would think of it as like me getting into the mentality of running , it helped me train when i would use music to drown out my thoughts on the treadmill and then after a while i would get bored with ... i moon walked once , but other than that i have to be goaded repeatedly and have sufficient alcohol in my system . wait for it to be declassified in a few decades then you might find out . as much as i am being level headed about life right now i realize how i'm not going to have much room for potential relationships until february of next at this point . i'm stuck in afghanistan for ... i have to ask , has anyone here ( while they were drinking ) suddenly snapped and laughed maniacally for a good while ? i love scotch . scotchy , scotch , scotch . here it goes down , down into my belly . i use it mainly for keeping some sort of communication with my over sized family given i'm on active duty in the army and it's easier than trying to make phone calls to people who aren't guaranteed ... i have managed to see part of the second season of game of thrones and i have given some thought into reading the book series itself . i'll just have to find some outside time for watching it of ... hello again everyone , i have returned once more to this fun little forum . i have been in afghanistan for the last 6 months or so and still have a ways to go . if anyone would like to ask me some ... sounds like it should work , me and all of the female intjs in one fun lifestyle with a purpose . i tend to remember specific moments in my dreams or details that stuck out the most . i never do really remember whole dreams or anything beyond what i stated . there are a few dreams of mine where i ... so i'm getting into a relationship with an infj . we both had challenges we went through in life growing up dealing with certain issues that i will not disseminate . we've spent at least on average an ... honestly , the real difference is whether if you want to be in combat or not . intel doesn't typically do combat missions unless it's site exploitation or convoys of some kind . i am deploying to ... ahem , intj and strategic level military intelligence analyst here in the us army . straight from the horses mouth , i've got job security with a ts / sci clearance so i can go and do contractor work ... intuition seems to be tied in with being a si function but with a subconscious guidance so it's naturally unpredictable to the conscious . i believe intuition is part of the brain function connected with what many people who have experiences with angels deal with . explorer | the angel effect | national geographic channel i found ... i started maniacally laughing one time when i was drunk off my ass . that lasted for the better part of the night . we were talking about some personal issues amongst the three of us there and then i ... just wait a few years , say 25 or so and then submit an foia request to the department of defense for the radio transcripts and sworn statements made by the crews during the operation . so yes , there ... facepalm.jpg except he isn't a strategist by any means . he hardly manages his own diet . he's a poster child who has been propped up by others ever since he started in politics . his entire election campaign was ... he has no leadership qualities other than being manipulative , gives good speeches and is an opportunist . when it comes down to actually managing the country he is outright horrible at it . that's why ... he's an enfp honestly , no insults to the rest of them or anything but he's an imbecile . he's got other people managing his politics for him like they always do . the compound is being reported on fire as of this morning . the event being this morning , not the compound caught on fire and is getting reported this morning . this is coming from the local pakistani ... something about this whole osama's death seems fishy to me , not just that they supposedly threw him in the ocean but the overall coverup story on this . i feel uneasy about this whole thing . i smoke cigars for the enjoyment and flavor , not for the nicotine since the smoke is too thick to be inhaled like cigarettes . i enjoy them like people enjoy wine , different flavors and types ... i find running around in a shemagh and wielding an ak 47 to be appealing , given i'm in the army . i like bc2 for the multiplayer capabilities based on how you can organize your fire teams with support craft . black ops isn't bad if you're stuck without an internet connection since it has the most ... let me see , what am i doing to change the world ? well you can look at my username and just imagine the possibilities , however much it is beyond your need-to-know . excuse the intj troll , but i find this hilarious to watch . you all know that we intj are the masters of the universe and thus natural leaders . just leave it to us silly little infps , you might hurt ... being in my lifestyle of the active duty military , it's difficult for me to have a best friend when i've got people i work with who ditch out on me , i've got a couple of people i hang out with on ... well everyone , i have been in a relationship with a female esfp for the last couple of months and things are starting to get rocky now . it's one where she's getting tired of me giving short answers , ... yeah no , it's normal for people to have those kinds of thoughts when joining up . some of the best soldiers i've worked with have all had their own moments . it's called being a human . and to ... on top of that , you have to enjoy being a part of the minority within humanity . we're unique to the point that we're almost the white blood cells of the human race . we're the quiet minority that is ... honeytrap , i think you need to do some traveling to foreign countries . join the military , peace corps , whatever that works for you . a recommendation for my fellow intjs who are going through a self ... i'm afraid that the guy fawkes reference is a common misconception as he was not going against society as a whole for the sole purpose of acting as a counter weight , he was a catholic insurgent who ... i don't particularly need it , but it really passes the time like right now when i am stuck on staff duty for 12 hours straight and there is nothing allowed in the office but food and personnel . i r ... 5 ' 6 as i have stated in other threads taller given i'm below average height for american males , especially since i'm one of those guys with a thin frame so i'm a light weight all around posture ... given i am insane enough to be in the line of work i am in , us army active duty . so therefore on a weekday i got to bed around 2200/10 pm and fall asleep maybe by 2300/11 pm if my conscientious brain ... blu ray is preferable too with the applicable surround sound . : wink : because i'm on 24 hour duty right now , so i don't have much of a choice if i want to keep my rank . : crazy : eh , i'd tap op based on her profile picture . but onto the subject at hand , we are more than willing to change your focus from him onto other things in life . i'm surprisingly still alive on 24 hour staff duty waiting for people from my unit to come back and sign back in from holiday block leave . yes , i said 24 hour staff duty which means staying up ... very hard to get to know anyone when i'm 19 years old in a bar and club town where you have to be 21 to get in anywhere . i got my group of people i hang out with from my unit , but there isn't exactly ... sitting by myself in the latrine doing you know what ( not the other thing ) , it's very relaxing since there's obvious privacy and minimal sensory intrusions . moot question , does it matter if we give a visual description of the individual as well ? pre-disregarding anything contrary to my question , i would like for a 5 ' 2 slim , cute brunette female in ... pertains to my career field being military intelligence and the fact of the matter is that with reasonable and educated opinions both are rather contradictory . ugh , more personal life issues , yippee everyone . well , i'm not starting an entirely new thread for this one at least . anyways , here we go . over this halloween weekend i met someone , we share a ... 19 years on this accursed rock in the middle of nowhere . anyone else here ? - echo - - echo - - echo - - echo - - echo - - echo - '