' you sure youre esfp brah ? extj : till i collapse lol urm , it's the other way around . have you ever met an estj that blended into a crowd of people ? not a chance , them along with most other sjs are born leaders / organizers . where did you get the idea ... sounds like a jackass but i don't trust your portrayal of him to be accurate . more like estj , not estp . dude . um , you're being kind of a dick . this is an extremely aggressive response to a pretty mellow statement about you . why so sensitive ? and why is your entire self-worth invested in something as ... oh dang well not at my school if i got a 3.0 my parents would be psyched and i would probably get a few high fives you should probably put less of your self-worthi nto your grades . explain please 3.0 is considered good ixfp type most likely to join the illuminati ? true , but the original poster was doing the same thing ( lumping all types together ) by saying that all infjs struggle in these areas . i agree that each member of a type is unique . we're all ... can you hear , can you hear the thunder ? nope . nope nope nope . you say that infjs struggle with discipline , consistency , timeliness , and the like , but these aren't infj problems . they're your problems . most infjs i've met excel in these ... infj ? ? ? why don't you tell her how you feel ? as an isfj she'll respond to that and most likely stop it . good luck homes . sssshhh . seen it . she's a total istp . the little kid ? enfp . the evil queen ? entj . ( no duh ) rumpelstiltskin / mr . gold ? intj . prince charming ? isfj . cool thread . seen it . she's a total istp . the little kid ? enfp . the evil queen ? entj . ( no duh ) rumpelstiltskin / mr . gold ? intj . prince charming ? isfj . cool thread . * looks at thread title * * facepalm * * reads post * * 2x facepalm combo * esfj type most likely to text you with their phone asking where there phone is . enfp type most likely to sell you a crappy car at a bad price but make you feel like a financial genius for doing it . stop getting high off your own drama people and let's get back to the task at hand . type most likely to lose it and go on a mad killing spree . this is some good stuff and i think you got the main factions right , but some of the ' overlap ' factions were just way off . for instance , intj / amity and intp / candor . they should most likely be ... no . / thread um , this is sort of dumb . a metaphor for what ? what kind of metaphor ? don't keep us in suspense , man actually a really awesome show . i've only seen the first episode so i am unsure of the types but i know that in the comics , murdock was usually portrayed as intj . niiice . btw would totally there's a thread like this ? cool ! what's up , my n - i mean , uh ... my fellow entjs . hard outer shell , soft gooey center stop being hypothetical and just tell us straight whether someone told you they admire your skills or if you were the one who said it to someone else . this question gets 2/10 would not read again pam answer : they don't . type should never be used as an excuse for not being able to connect with people . i'm not here to judge , i don't even know you , buuut it's possible that you're just ... sounds nice . i'd like to see a real one someday . same argument can be made for any type , you jerk . take istp ( opposite of enfj ) introverts are more levelheaded than extraverts . sensors are more grounded than intuitives . thinkers get less caught ... oh my gosh this is the last thing on the planet you should be worried about . seriously . she's not going to freaking care about your mbti type , and it's certainly not going to affect your ... all right , but before we get started , there's something you should know . i call typism on this thread but if you must know , it's clear that , well , entjs exhibit the most positive traits . if you know what i mean . is this a frigging joke ? who in their right mind would say no to 10,000 freaking dollars in exchange for a few minutes of discomfort . and don't give me some crap about dignity . it takes a real ... most infjs i've met are happy , upbeat , cheerful people . congratulations , you've averted a sterotype . in my experience , people have enough of their own problems to deal with and don't want to even hear about any perceived problems ( such as contemplating suicide ) even if they're not such a big deal . ... you bet your sweet bippy i'm totally awesome ! same to you though i see grandmaster yoda's posts everywhere and they're always really insightful slash awesome . maybe if we say his name enough ... i don't know , you stupid wimp . why don't you write some free verse poetry about it and see if that helps ? then you can curl up with your pet cat and ' contemplate life ' while everyone else is out ... yeah , he was like an inxp or something ... so awkward i almost cringed . as for his dad , he's a classic estj authority figure who can't understand his son's feelings but loves him nonetheless . 1 . the greatest 2 . the greatest 3 . every day when i look in the mirror 4 . he thinks i'm great you're welcome , buddy . tldr ; she is having trouble communicating with her intp friend . my advice is to just stop worrying so much and relax . he most likely doesn't even understand that this stuff is happening . in the case of most people , yes . for you intjs , no . i'm bring this thread back from the dead because it's awesome and i don't want to make a new one strong bad could be any rational type , really . the most likely is entp , but i can also see entj ... this forum has a weird , perverse obsession with how ' cute ' intjs and enfps are together . so if you're asking us as a collective , the answer is a resounding yes . personally , i think personal ... we have this weird societal notion where women are supposed to be meek and shy and yet also have a huge social circle and tons of friends . xntps are not good at either of those things . so i'm not ... this . or maybe it's esfp . they are sooo sarcastic . i always fly on some of that sweet , sweet medication . it's for ' air sickness ' but i'm really just taking it for the drowsiness side effect . i sleep like a baby the whole way there , it's like i'm ... you sure you're intj brah ? ha ! good luck bro ( mumble mumble no emotions mumble mumble ) '