' people who are unable to replace social norms with rational and effective aproaches . ... check the flags i'm from portugal , they're both from the us . why are you always so hesitant when it comes to speaking your mind about other ppl ? : crazy : actually me and my closest friends already hold a kind of tradition similar to what you described : the grandparents of one of them have a farm up in the mountains , and about once every 3 months ... 2 reasons 1 . 20 years old is , at least for me , an important time in life 2 . i've changed and i don't think dinner and cinema fits my taste anymore ... it would feel , empty ? so ... i'm turning 20 next saturday i want to do something with my close friends ( about 4 ~ 5 ppl ) but i have no ideas whatsoever . i've been thinking about it for weeks now and i fear i ... propolis extract . will have you cured in 2 days . i could say the same ... i mean , it depends on the kind of superiority you have in mind , but a girl more inteligent than me would be interesting : blushed : girls in my dojo ? there's one that's about 4 years older than me , and i think 2 more are planning to join , but as an assistant teacher the last thing i need is start getting involved with other ... guess you have no choice but to post a picture : crazy : i had to take them for a year after i finished highschool for the same reason . i know ... been there , done that i don't like the way i feel on anti-depressants ... they make my mind numb all over and i lose the edge that i find defines me the most . other ppl ... am i the only . pt on the forum ? i haven't seen any more so far . does anyone know ? just curious ... : mellow : please do so i won't feel like the only one showing his face : bored : you and me both academic acomplishments below my objectives , unstable family , some humour flutuations i feel like this now and then . if you spot me walking down the street you'll probably see me ... bingo that's probably one of the main issues you see , apart from martial arts , the things i like the most are things i do alone like reading , watching movies , music ( hell yea ... problem is , i can't stop giving a damn 100 % part of me is bleeding and i feel myself weakening i'm a pro when it comes to hiding the pain from my brain , but my heart sees all . ... i associate msn flirting with shallow dialogues based on ... nothing . if i can't express myself completelly ( gestures , facial expressions , body language ) , i feel uncomfortable . that's why i ... i don't know ... i feel like creating a thread and telling you this , but i really don't know why , seeing as i , given the right circumstances , would probably presume it to be a waste of time and ... i laugh uncontrollalby at illogical stuff . it's probably somewhat of a crotch-punch which leaves my over-logical personality stunned and allows me to burst open the flood-gates letting out such ... wtf wikipedia had an article on me and i wasn't told : frustrating : well , you see , my exams are right around the corner , and this time i'm taking a hardcore make-or-break aproach : i no longer do math exercises , i do math entire books i no longer do ... well , i've somehow reduced myself to the following thought : medschool . i haven't played my bass guitar in months . i haven't tried new things in years . i haven't read any books in months ... it's basically the only thing i live for , i've given up on everything else . i just wasted an entire week staring blankly at my books : frustrating : i've been studying english for more ... crap , i'm still lurking :d ry : lotsa interesting stuff around the intp boards ! same here i love doing it intp here i dunno what to say ... i'm very lonely , since the only intp i've ever met lives in this weird kind of denial , so he doesn't act accordingly to his supposed personality . i guess he ... '