' i love the vastness of the sky , because my problems and sadness always seem granular and petty in comparison also ... do you guys have mubi accounts ? ? i've seen ordet , it was kind of a let down still it had a magical quality to it that i loved - - - speaking of magic ... i can't get over how ... iirc 5-4- 9 - - - fwiw after thinking this through , im definitely more infp than intp . the somewhat psychopathic tendencies i have when i'm going through prolonged episodes of depression are ... yeah you're right guys . i wasn't asking whether other infp 5w4s literally exist . this is more about your experience as someone who does not seem to have the same main motivations as the typical infp and why you would ... idk why im bothered by this ( not being able to identify with any type , i mean ) so much . mbti is pretty much meaningless but it still bothers me ok but doesnt it feel like youre straddling between infp and intp and relate a lot to both but dont completely identify with either ? i seem to have the same motivations and intentions as ti but ... as of late im beginning to think i might be infp it seems the infp profile is infested with stereotypes i dont relate with though im confused but infp seems like a better fit than intp , now that ... sometimes ... a picture is worth a thousand words : biggrin : i don't know ... i feel at peace with the way my life is folding out so far but too often i feel a paralysing heaviness in my heart . i wish i had more sincere relationships , i'm not strong enough to ... yep :) i'm on a trip right now :) i have a thing for ♡ ♡ ♡ helpless underdog characters ♡ ♡ ♡ who cares which type can shove the most candles up their asses ? now that's what i call an interesting topic enfp and infp i ♡ you i didn't scroll all the way down but i see sharunas bartas and sergei parajanov on there and that was enough to warrant a follow :) yes , but pay no attention to the group of women who were given testosterone , it's the control group that is so interesting ( and this is why i posted the link anyhow ) . it's interesting how they ... nope . there is no proof to backup your assertion . this read shows that the observed correlation might just be the result of how this very idea is ingrained in the human psyche testosterone link to ... why associate masculinity with aggression and assertiveness tho ? meh it doesn't really matter . especially when the person you're trying to type is intelligent , because intelligence amplifies the functions and makes typing quite difficult ( and useless ) . i have a ... i think metasentient sounds like a fun person to talk to :) yeah i don't really get along with intjs irl either ( by get along i mean become close friends with ) , we are different in very very very fundamental ways , and so there is always a point reached in ... speaking for myself : seeing as to how bring rich is strongly associated with managerial positions , i dont think so . i am afraid of exploiting others and / or have no interest in managing others ... i don't really have any grand dreams . my goal is to explore as many fields of study as possible . i've already started implementing my goal ... internet and online courses make this easier :) i had olafur arnalds and her name is calla tweet me before :) i feel strongly about the plight of strangers eg . when i collect material on war and famine , i sometimes loose sleep and appetite for days . but when it is about people i know well ( or people i know ... my taste is pretty diverse , both culturally and in terms of genre . apollossongâx 80x99s music profile âx80x93 users at last.fm no . why would you assume this person is important to you when ( by the looks of it ) you're not even familiar with them ? i mean if you are still trying to befriend them it means you still did not even get ... i would regret spending a lot of time being unhappy yep :) for instance , fractal mathematics has been used to model the seemingly chaotic and arbitrary formation of coast lines . are we really going to compare ontological subject matter to a coastline ... you're missing my point . i'm not saying it cannot provide us with explanations ... im saying it's usage is preceded by observations made of whatever phenomena that is initially not comprehensible ... op is making the mistake of assuming that a medium , like raw mathematics , which is used to express the observations we make in reality , can in itself give birth to an explanation of something as ... i hate how i am so indecisive and always plagued by uncertainty , to the point where it sometimes feel like i can't form an opinion . i don't wish to change this part of me tho . my head is hella ... hmm ... intj and intp might look similar at face value but are very very very different from eachother , so i dont really understand why you would be torn between the two . i suggest you google ... why you keep winking at me you lil b * * * * hubert selby jr fidgeting in his grave * i'm 19 and have basically hurled myself into an architecture major . i found that no matter how much a certain field interests me ... if i find myself forced to abide by a certain schedule or modify ... hey . being a 5w4 intp ( with a very strong 4 wing ) myself , i understand your past confusion with types . i often wonder if i'm infp too , but one look at the function stacking and personality ... i saw akira kurosawa's dersu uzala yesterday ... breathtaking film <3 the film is based on the 1923 memoir dersu uzala by russian explorer vladimir arsenyev , about his exploration of the ... lol great stuff ( which is to be expected , given your username ;) ) same . questions were tailored so as to force the reader to assume that there are no complex byproducts or underlying government motives that would inevitably accompany each case by reducing choices ... this is not the first time you fling about the words good , evil and objective in face-palm inducing ways . squeezing them in context to which they do not belong . your posts from the thread about ... ok ... off the top of my head ... books ( fiction ): - the sailor who fell from grace with the sea by yukio mishima - the confusions of young torless by robert musil - remembrance of things past by ... btw i think tumblr is the best way to discover hidden gems / obscure films ... lots of film students over there . what kind of books are you looking for ? fiction ? as for films ... ive seen lots of great films over the past few years , but before i list any , are you ok with international , artsy or slow films ? '