' sorry to hear about what you're going through . that sounds very tough . writing creatively can be a great source of comfort for people . that's why it's often used in art therapy . unlike most ... unfortunately , normal sex is so unusual in my life that it doesn't need anything extra . but i will say that i'm fascinated by all the dark aspects of the human brain - - mostly because it coincides ... books : obligatory books in academia are necessary . it's necessary for course plans , tests , discussions , etc . you can't teach a class where everyone gets to decide what they want to read . how ... i'm not sure if i understand the question . imagination is humanity's greatest gift . without it , we wouldn't have anything : no art , no buildings , no inventions . we'd only be living off the land ... idealjane the intp / infp dynamic is one that i think about often . it ’ s confusing . i think it ’ s because these two types can be extremely similar and like-minded ; however , their decision-making ... i empathize with what you ’ re going through , lifeisgreat . i ’ ve been in a couple of relationships that were similar to your situation , and unfortunately , i have exhibited some of those ... cross-posted in the intp forum i donx 92t come to perc very often anymore , but i stumbled across this thread and i had to respond . i relate to much of it . like you , ix92m an intp . my father is an ... i donx 92t come to perc very often anymore , but i stumbled across this thread and i had to respond . i relate to much of it . like you , ix92m an intp . my father is an istj . wex 92re korean too . i felt ... i can ’ t disagree with any of that . that ’ s pretty much all true . most people share their ideas to have them validated , and intps are not exempt from this . they definitely want their ideas to be ... for me , trust is the belief that things will work the way i think they will . even though my car might break down , i trust that it will get me to my destination . even though i haven't spoken to my ... i donx 92t know how much help i can offer . ix92ve only known one isfp before and she was an ex with major problems . i would not say that she was anything like most isfps in her issues . there are some ... please don't do that to him ! it's not easy , but you should just tell him directly . if he's really into you , and he's idealizing you , he's probably dreaming about a possible future with you . so ... yeah , i ’ m not sure what to say about that . i can see why that would be annoying from someone else ’ s perspective . but i like being informed about things , and if they ’ re talking about something i ... i guess that pretty much sums it up . the only difference is that i really like hearing about people's emotions . perhaps i'm a bit different than most intps since my f is developed , but i like to ... as an older intp male , i have heard all of these complaints about myself in the past . for many people , including myself , it is much easier to rationalize than to feel . in fact , rationalizing and ... the short answer is that we don ’ t know it ’ s unwanted information . in our book , there is no such thing as unwanted information . we want to know everything . and yes , we often get told things that we ... i resist that kind of thinking because it feels delusional to me . but i suppose it explains your awesome kafka quote . or it could just be that you look like brad pitt . i don't have any problems with rejection when it comes to friends . i believe i'm extremely likable . more so than i probably am . if someone doesn't want to be friends with me , that's okay . i have ... i hate falling for women who are too attractive for me . after a while , i just wish they were less attractive so it would be easier on me to get closer . is this not the stupidest thing you have ever ... i'm not a girl , but this is pretty funny . although , i think it's only true of me if i'm not into the person . if i'm into her , then she has too much of my attention even though i won't show it . bingo . that pretty much says it all about me . 1 . gained empathy 2 . learned to how to be extroverted when needed 3 . learned to get comfortable with others more quickly in order to be myself 4 ... it makes sense to me that there is a correlation between win rate and neuroticism . whenever i was feeling anxious or down , i would play some of my worst poker . i can play micro buy-in home games ... likewise ! thanks . i guess that's my inxp side showing . ( the t likes to debate ; the f doesn't like being a jerk . ) oh , don't lie . you wanted that to happen . that's why you were the only guy on the team not wearing a cup . it's funny how there's a right way and a wrong way to do a sports butt slap . it's always high on the butt and never low . plus , it's fast and never uses the entire hand . this conversation is ... the commercialization of sports takes away some of the beauty of it . however , if the money is being made , then why not give it to the players ? they are , after all , the main draw and not the owners ... that was an awesome website . a person could write a whole book on that if they could grab a larger sample size and interview / test big name pros . the main thing i learned from this site was my big ... i've taken that test before years ago and scored in the 120 ' s which was fairly accurate for me . i took the test again after your post and was surprised to see my score drop to 116 , but then i ... i don't know if i do that . i certainly do not analyze people by observing them in real time . i will usually do that in hindsight . in real time , i will only analyze what they say . it's like a ... that's the kind of stuff i was thinking about when i started this thread . thanks for sharing that . it makes sense to me that sensors would pick up on situations really quickly . i bet they're ... you certainly sound good at the game with those skills . but you'll definitely have to start paying attention to the way players play their hands . poker betting patterns are a language , and it's a ... is the board four to the flush or four to the house ? if so , then you're probably overvaluing your hand unless you have the a high flush or the top house . if you're using both of your hole cards to ... very true . i have found that taking a beta blocker helps a lot before i sit down at the casino . establishing your rep early is a smart thing to do . i tend to go the opposite route and play a ... here's a good article on multiple level thinking in poker . my favorite part is that you should dumb down your game when you play against beginner players . you should only be one step ahead of your ... when i have that problem in my game , it's usually a few things : 1 . confirmation bias : i'm not actually losing big with good hands very often . i just remember it when i do . 2 . overvaluing : ... it's amazing how many stock traders play poker . it's very much the same game : risk management / money management . someday , when i have the capital , i'm going to study / learn how to trade , although it ... the idea that math isn't solved yet with poker is really fascinating . i never thought about it that way , but it makes sense . the problem with math in poker is that the formulas are almost always ... i have this leak too in my game , although not quite as bad . if they raise , then i'm gone . but i noticed that if i make a con't bet after i preflop raised and they think a long time about it and ... that's interesting . i'm going to look up articles by him . thanks for the heads up . oh , sorry . i was talking about the poster you quoted , not negreanu . i was saying that the poster was more right about the game being all about math when it comes to limit online games , but not for ... that's totally understandable . on a side note , i always have fun doing the math on socially acceptable age differences in romantic relationships . supposedly the formula is ( highestage / 2 ) + ... i agree . he's more right with limit holdem and online play . but live no limit games are much different . in many ways , you're answering my question with this opinion . for one thing , math plays a huge role , but over the long term , i would argue that psychology plays an equally important role in the ... i've been playing again a lot lately and making money , and i was wondering what you guys thought about the connection between personality type and poker playstyle . it has always been my opinion ... these are all excellent points , and i have to agree with them mostly . my main thing is that i don't think sjs are interested in me . i've never met one that seemed to be . honestly , if i'm not ... it's good to hear that things are going well . i have to say , however , that the problem is not detached sex . it's not even detached . both of you are single . he has feelings for you , and you ... sorry , trolling was the wrong word . i just meant it as searching hard , not being a troll . you make a lot of great points in your post , and i agree with most of it , except a couple of ... this is good advice , especially the smiling part . it's also important to remember that physical flirting still won't make the guy initiate the first move a lot of the time . it's lame , and i really ... yes , i agree . one month isn't very long for infps . stay the course and be consistent . a lot of infps can have difficulty trusting in the early stages of the relationship . she may have been in a ... yeah , a lot of people fall into your category where they might exhibit some ( or all ) of the feature / traits of the disorder , but in reality , their problems are not significant enough to be labeled a ... '