' the world doesn't actually need saving . that is quite interesting . do people generally think of themselves as good in a general way ? like you , i would have to give that thought before answering . i would be too worried about my lack of parenting skills to consider it now - but there is something attractive about passing on a little bit of myself to the next generation . ( that ubiquitous ... i am still making up my mind about my morality system . even questioning whether there can be good at all , due to our inherent and inescapable selfishness . for practical purposes , i consider ... 1 . be glad you don't have complete knowledge , as this gives you the opportunity to discover . don't you find discovery to be the best thing about knowledge anyway ? 2 . i so have this issue with a ... sweet , another intp ( even if they are an aussie ( j / k ) ) . especially if they quote bertrand russell ... not infp , but can i add my 2 cents ? everything we do , we do for our own reasons . unselfishness is impossible . i only do what i want to do . if i didn't want to do it , i wouldn't . trolling or not , you are a weird dude ... aaaagh ! : sad : even having the freakiest jaws ever doesn't help when it comes to beaches ... i enjoyed them . individuality is good . the actions of self-interest are inherently more efficient than those of altruism . you can't trust anyone absolutely . everyone has their price . but trust is the only thing that makes society possible . i'll add another vote for trainspottting . also the first matrix movie . also the lotr trilogy . also casablanca , oddly . probably because the first time i saw it all those old quotes suddenly made ... i'm reading catch - 22 . again . if i had to be a non-human , i think i would like to be a sperm whale . nothing messes with a sperm whale . plus they are intelligent . and eat giant squid . it's 3pm and i should be working . i'm doing anything but . i think my boss is getting suspicious . favorite = science . any science . least favorite = languages . i studied german , and hated it . a creepy premise for a story could be a mirror that slowly becomes less faithful in the accuracy of its reflections , and starts showing the world in a subliminally more evil and twisted way . the faith of most religions would seem to be a lot less supportable than the epistemological version of faith you speak of here . most religious faith cannot rely on consistency of experience , or ... i'm envious of the depth of your emotional experience . i can't say i've ever been in love . i've had someone in love with me , however . reading their love letters and not feeling an emotional ... i grew up in a fundamental christian household which believed in the literal truth of the bible . i too believed , at least until i began to realise there were problems in fitting the biblical ... it seems i am a jedi master ... i think i'm on about the same schedule as you . 24 and about to start a cs degree . so - i hope you're not old ... this is totally what i would do . i would like to see great minds of the past at work . i would also like to watch the ancient chinese , indian and arab scholars do their stuff . oh and the greek ... if time travel to the past was possible , would you take the opportunity ? to what time would you travel ? assume the many-worlds theory is true , meaning each time-traveler arrives in a past ... although he would be an intj , probably horatio hornblower . a flawed , self-doubting genius . i have been told i look like pete wentz . i'm not infp but i will post this anyway . one of the reasons i enjoy historical fiction is that everyone in the stories has died , perhaps long ago , and have mostly been forgotten . for some reason ... how dreary to have the duty to sustain one's own life when its continued duration threatens more evil than it promises satisfaction . , in kants own words . procrastination ... on my last assessment , i completed the last 50 % ( including learning some of the material ) on the morning of the day it was due . but i get good grades and my teachers seem to ... it's your own life . do what you want with it . that observing feeling is so familiar . when it hits i start to marvel at the enjoyment people get out of seemingly trivial things , and the way everyone is living their life , so bound up in the ... i would change nothing . we will always find dissatisfaction with our circumstances . if things were perfect we would be bored . definitely one of my favorite webcomics . that and dinosaur comics . did you ever see the movie pi ? very eerie . and primes are fascinating too . the way a pattern seems be just out of reach behind the numbers . i'm taking calculus . not because i enjoy it , but because the theory is useful for other things - physics and cs . i suppose part of the beauty of maths is that it underlies every other science ... i tend to keep a list of topics mentally stashed to consider when i have some quality thinking time , which is not really that often . most of my time is taken up with study and work . anything from ... you must have some pretty interesting family discussions / arguments . or do you all agree on stuff ? good point . surely a monotheist must assume that his one god has everything planned out i . e . with the coming rapture . so anything that happens is in some inscrutable way leading directly to that ... if the romans had maintained a single coherent empire , would the christian religion have taken off so strongly ? the fall of the roman empire always strikes me as a melancholic thing - the ... tlatoani , in another thread you mentioned evolution being some sort of guide to ethics / morality . how do you see this ? just plain might makes right / survival of the fittest ? or indirectly through ... yeah , i think that if the world ' ends ' it will be a ' black swan ' event , and we are very unlikely to hit on the right cause now . i also like the last question - what would the world be like today ... so i'm the cutter . interesting . i agree with the solipsist bit anyway . so we are all actually just 3 - dimensional ( or whatever ) representations of our real 2 - dimensional selves that exist on the surface / event horizon of our universe ? how does causation work in that ... we humans are a morbid lot , aren't we ! you would almost think some of us want the world to end . perfect example . that's probably my most used idea when arguing with my religious friends . just because something in the universe seems marvelous and complex , doesn't mean we won't eventually be ... is consciousness really so complex ? perhaps it is simpler and more prevalent phenomenon than we suspect . more like a spectrum of awareness levels than simply a yes / no attribute . perhaps it is just a by-product of this decision-making mechanism , with no inherent purpose ? this definitely resonates with me . i keep fighting it but i seem to slip back unconsciously into it , even when i know its futility . i agree . i like this quote from bertrand russell ; it is the things for which there is no evidence that are believed with passion . nobody feels any passion about the multiplication table or about ... a real definition for existence and consciousness ? a nice easy job for a monday morning . '