' to go back to topic , here is my opinion about the game i posted in another forum :) maybe little spoilers ahead ! - - - this has become somewhat of a review i guess ? but that's also how i ... gosh i didn't want to start a discussion :D and i don't argue against you , because like is said , for me she can be all introverted feeler types . so like you see all the infj / infp things in her , is ... mystikro dude chill :D it's a fictional character in a choice based game , so everthing is possible :D i just can say that her behavior , her thoughts and her insecurities and second guessing ... indeed a wonderfull game ! or more like an expierince :D i findished the game last christmas in one go and still think about it today . i let my sister and his husband play it the last two weekends ... you have no idea how deep an male isfj can get into the darkness : cool : ... wait what ? for me it's the other song :D yeah , i didn't freak , but that athmosphere ! ! soo in the end or best game ever :p took me 2 month to get over it :( it's really hard for me to verbalize my thoughts > . < i'ts all so clear in my head and at the moment it comes out of my mouth i just stutter and can't form a clear sentence . so frustraiting ... <3 so do you think we brought chocolate cookies to this far away world ? i mean .. this species clearly had not survived without chocolate cookies ! ! nope , this is exactly the same thing i am doing every time in the gym :D may check this out brah :P played life is strange the past two days and im so depressed right now after the ending :( even couldnt slept well .. but still such an awesome game ! clearly isfj : tongue : an isfj will lead all of us to world peace through kindness , patience and the ability to be incredible stubborn if the isfj really want something . :D for some background information : the creator of this game was in a depression due the success of his last game named the stanley parable he wrote it all down in his blog as you can see here : ... is this the invasion the other thread is speaking of ? : confused : i realized that my realism is viewed as pessimism , but most of the time im optimistic :D and most of the other only the the negativ ... so , every person who write something on the internet is an expert ? :D friend codes are out at the moment :( i'm sorry <3 i use rules as a starting point and adjust my behavior according to my experience with time :D .. or something like that was this the question ? :D we are the one every girl dreams of , but no one ever choose : tongue : 369282 johnson.han . 3 damn you : tongue : .. want a cookie ? :D junkstory sorry my mistake : unsure : may idea was , that you rejected or question her advices in the past to often and in an , for her , ... may i ask .. do you question her advices ? if you do , she may is offended and take it personally .. sorry if it's a dump question , i don't understand all of this wall of text ( because of my not ... just ask her :p problem solved :D intp beaten : shocked : here is a : hug : for you <3 i'm 26 now and never even kissed a girl :P so i feel you :) the only advice i can give you is , be honest with the topic . in my experience most girls don't care or find it adoreable , even at my age ... it was funny :D and pointless :p you can say the truth without being rude : tongue : see it as a challenge :D what he said : happy : or you just ask her : shocked : i like the vow and love and other drugs :D well .. : tongue : it's such a good feeling to receive hugs <3 annoying : tongue : i'm 26 and never was in a relationship . the girls i was interested in simply had no interest in me . : rolleyes : am i choosy ? maybe , but i haven't a specific picture of the perfect girl in my mind :) atheist here : happy : i don't know .. i'm rarely angry :) isfj :D why ? because they are awesome , but pssst its a secret : ninja : when can i be happy again ? just do it if you want to be more spontaneous or don't want to ovethink some things over and over again , then just do it if you think about it longer than 5 seconds ! :D no one say isfj :D this :D i just don't see a reason to drink :P 272578 hinata from naruto :D she's a damn cool isfj :D generaly lighthearted , but serious if necessary : kitteh : i bet you're a lot nicer than you believe you are :) no , i searched it on google : kitteh : why ? : unsure : it's an evil angel in isfj style : tongue : 257178 be honest isfjs , how many of you have thought me ? amazing ? : tongue : i can relate . i like it to be nice , but i don't like being called nice because that's all most people see in me . the nice guy . but there is much more about me than that . : rolleyes : '