' well , this would be consistent with my forums name , plus it's awesome ... ... but in reality i prefer single malt scotch whisky . of those , i don't ... big office gathering near my desk , everybody talking and laughing and having a good time . cake and chitchat . enfp's paradise , right ? fuck that . this is work . i have to be here . shut up , you ... i honestly don't know how it happened , doctor . i must have ... sat ... on that tiramisu . * shrug * i know one person who claimed to be an intj but i think she's really an istj who tries to act like the intj stereotype . not good . so basically i'm here contributing irrelevant garbage to your ... : sad : seriouspost : sounds like you're surrounded by people who don't appreciate you . i hope that changes soon . hang in there . idgi , is putting marshmallows in your butt some kind of gateway drug ? oh , thank god you said something ! the op is an enfj and probably knew that at least a few enfps would miss that detail and agree enthusiastically . just to follow up on this , i did spend some time with cognitive functions , both thinking about them and testing them , and what i keep coming up with is that ne and ni are both very high for me . in ... if you really want to solve the problem chemically but can't swing an adderall or methylphenidate prescription easily , i've had good luck with piracetam , an old soviet concentration drug you can buy ... what is this i don't even oh , yeah , they do like moisture , and that would probably help them grow larger provided they also had an adequately large food supply . muahaha , imagine the hordes of creepy crawlies they were ... i think it's quite likely that entps are much the same way , and the only entp i know is definitely like that . for some reason , though , i have encountered claims in the mbti literature that enfps are ... you know , i never noticed until now that there was no t in your name ! sometimes when i'm feeling more like i might be an infp i go check out their forum and it's all words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words words ... well , i'm glad it's not just me . yeah , it's definitely more the falling for me , too . if i'm in an enclosed space like an airplane or otherwise secured in a way that falling wouldn't be possible without something going extremely , ... yes , i have a problem with this and i'm starting to suspect it is some kind of disorder , though maybe not an eating one . it's like i want the sensation of the food in my mouth . i doubt it's an enfp ... i have a terrible medical phobia , to the point where people discussing medical procedures around me has made me pass out . i will also pass out at the sight of blood if it's going through a tube or ... this is a good point . if your tolerance of homosexuality includes trying to convince homosexuals that they are going to hell unless they change their relationships to suit your beliefs , then ... thank you again for your response . i actually think this is relevant to the topic at hand , so i'm going to respond in the thread . i'm definitely not out to try and change your views ( yet ! ) , but ... i don't want to provoke an argument about religion here , but the bible is absolutely not clear one way or the other regarding homosexuality . you are taking an interpretation , which may very well be ... chickydoda , thank you for your thoughtful response . i suspect that , ultimately , there's no reconciliation between your views and mine , and i wonder if that's where the general problem in this thread ... you better hope they don't , because chances are good they'll just kill you . take this quiz just to be sure . chimpanzee survival quiz okay , i know this is a bit off topic , but ... i'm confused about this pro-homosexual position everyone's saying they don't support even though they say they fully tolerate gays and lesbians , have ... [ x ] you have a tablet device what if i choose not to drink alcohol sometimes ? i had to google lifestyle block , so just to save other non-aotearoans the trouble it apparently means a small ... actually , you're in luck , because trolling this thread is totally a-ok ! in fact , i was just about to do so myself with today's proposal for enfp national anthem : ... my daughter is 8 and there are times when i feel very much that she and i relate very well , other times when i think she relates better to her mom ( isfj ) , and still other times when my wife and i ... so you trolled the forum by posting ke $ ha instead ? you're an extraverted misanthrope ? oh man , what did you do to piss god off ? : laughing : in this thread , post what you believe to be the enfp national anthem . please limit yourself to one song / video per post , one post per day . i know better than to ask enfps to just make one entry ! ... filling out my decemberists back catalog . yes , the big bang theory is not compatible with biblical literalism but biblical literalism is a minority view among the world's christians no matter how much its adherents would like to pretend it ... pardon the thread necromancy , but i've been thinking about this a lot lately and google found this thread for me . this is me , only probably more so . i'm really struggling with whether i'm ... you do realize that saying i'm having a really hard time preventing myself from calling you an idiot is absolutely no different from saying you are an idiot , right ? i mean , what i'm saying is , ... actually , i think i've just been having a really bad week . please disregard , lol . okay , the more i look into this the more i'm convinced that the real problem here is that mbti is complete bullshit and i have been wasting my time . :( i really don't know ; it's something i hadn't even considered until i saw the way infj is sort of a mirror image of enfp along the i / e axis . ne and ni are both really high for me ; i can't remember ... okay , i'm going to stick my neck out and say that there might be something to this , and that i think i may be going through a type change of some kind . however , in this case , if it's happening at ... well , i'm not a christian and don't want to speak for them , but the dispute over evolution is not between science and religion , or even science and christianity , but between science and a very vocal ... here i thought you were going to tell us that trent reznor is an enfp ! :) interestingly , if you look at the numbers of posts / threads for the keirsey temperaments , they're inversely proportioned to ... i think it would be really nice to have a way to interact with other people on this forum that's different from making posts in topical threads . something more spontaneous and freeform would be ... i agree with much of your post but i think this is a very limited view of god , even just from the utilitarian perspective . i can't remember the attribution for this quote , but for many people , god ... i would like to find a way to do this but i'm not sure i want to use facebook for it . it might be fun , though . i dunno . i'm glad you brought it up and i don't think you should feel dumb . one thing you might want to consider is mutual co-creation , the idea that god and the universe are engaged in the ongoing process of creating each other . the basis for this is the idea that creation ... going by this simplistic definition of faith , there are in fact a very large number of things that every person absolutely has to accept purely on faith in order to even function : the validity of ... what the fuck is this shit ? get out . you will be competing with people who have graduate degrees in computational linguistics from schools like stanford . i know some of them . they are extremely smart . that's not a promise that ... from french salon to monty python clip in the first 4 posts . this is an enfp thread . fixed that for you . steel wool . * shudder * '