' moar replacements ! more bumping ! bump ! i said replacements ! i might have to go with lee here . xd fuuu , i will continually spam bump this thread ! i need some replacements ! so far , all i have is sanari and lee , who are both dead townies . xd bump , i need some replacements , darn it ! you heard the title ! sign up as a replacement ! ! ! we neeed you . * clings to whoever enters thread * i like to think it's facepalm in emoticon form . so being bored / indifferent about school means you're a genius ? must be a lot of geniuses then . xd the problem with those things is that someone reads them , then comments on how they are bored and ... ponieeesss ! ! i don't like it , i apparently just happen to be quite proficient in it . yeah , that was meant to be a if you don't want to change your type option . ... i'm 96 . warning : picture may disturb some viewers . are you saying orphans are stupid ? how dare you ! ! ! discrimination ! ! !  twilight is cutest , smartest all-around best pony , they said so . thus , canon ! buuut , there is absolutely no excuse for not even attempting to talk to her and instead just going off on a costume party ! also , this is best rarity picture i have ever seen , hooves down . behold ! ! so , as the pony threads have not been moving as fast as i would like them to , i bring you a debate about the morality of latest episode , the mysterious mare do well ! conveniently taken from ... well i would be pretty pissed if i had just cleaned up an entire room without being asked and the person gets mad . xd sweetie belle was just trying to be nice . =] rarity wasn't exactly the best ... sisterhooves social ? ! but sweetie belle cleaned up the room ! like when ? dat voice crack ! you're all crazy , i say ! love them ! loove theeem ! ! ! how can you all hate any of them ? how could you people be human ? ! D= aww , how come there are no intp pink ponies that burst into song randomly . =[ monie only mentioned pink and rainbow , so i assumed those are the ones she didn't like . xd what's wrong with pink or rainbow ponies ? = o  lol , anyone notice sweetie belle's voice cracks ? it would be episode 25 , i believe . more pony pictures , ahoy ! ... proof that rainbow dash is lesbian and likes rarity . spike loves rarity : spike is new rainbow dash : anyways i shall be posting more pony stuff soon . this is a filler post . not enough pony discussion . needs to be fixed immediately . is that a pear i see ? what if the person says , but i'm not attracted to you . lololol . fun noun ˈfən 1 . a source of enjoyment , amusement , or pleasure . 2 . enjoyment ; amusement : have fun at the beach . 3 . i gotz 34 . i r pwning joo allz in zeh empathiezz . edit : also , what does dreaming , fashion trends , being a morning person , law breaking , cutting up worms , politics , new short-lived hobbies , being ... that was so predictable . lawl . you're easily manipulated like a puppet , giving in to him so easily . it seems like everyone's connection suddenly goes awry after posting that it's alright . coincidence ? i think not ! conspiracy , i say ! i am enjoying facebook ! D= what does this mean for my intpness ? ! ? 1 ? / you went to school with mark moses ? no new episode again ? ! must ... love and tolerate ... hub and hasbro ... if your reasoning is that people are going to get them even if they're illegal , and thus there's no point keeping them illegal , why keep them illegal for people 18 below ? subforum ? ! blasphemy ! it shall be renamed to friendship is magic forum ! old enough for what ? '