' ok so i've been talking to my friends about age a lot lately . so i'm going to pose the question to my fellow infp's . i have noticed how much or personality affects our relationships . but does age ... oh heck ya . i get so tired of people assuming that cuz i'm quiet that i'm innocent . it's stupid . i can't get out of my own damn head . and i keep feeling like i get myself into things without doing the necessary research ... or have in the past year rather . i am deep in the second semester of my ... i use my emotionalness to manipulate people . sometimes i'm genuinely emotional , sometimes i'm just using it to defuse a situation that is going to escalate beyond what i could handle . i have a ... i do hate being tied into social things lol , and sometimes projects . but as far as people go .. because i'm so slow to let people in when i do i over commit and end up being hurt . you know you're an infp when you choose to go to the library to be alone around a lot of people rather than go home to just plain be alone . i keep trying at relationships . i keep putting in all my effort . i let them in . i let them into my heart , i open up , i have open communication , and i work at it . i know you have to work at ... i watched a move tonight that made me wonder . wonder about the opinion of love and what we all think . my dad said to me quite recently that he feels that every person has holes and we find out ... if you really loved my you'd be willing to learn how to be with me . you wouldn't criticize my reclusive-ness , you'd appreciate the effort it takes for me to be open with you , you would encourage me ... i can think for myself , i know what my own likes and dislikes are , i cook meals , i get up and make eggs and eat real food , he's eating yogurt out of a tube , and he thinks i'm the one who needs to ... would really like a healthy balanced relationship with someone who doesn't cheat , doesn't go out looking to cheat and get rejected , finds cheating morally repugnant . see i'm not awkward about social kissing of public affection . i don't mind seeing it in other couples in public and i don't mind showing it . it just has to be someone i trust touching me . i don't categorize myself as weird . i believe that the strength of my creative side makes me view the world differently than most and at times when you haven't found your niche with a group of people ... i'm with most people on here . approaching her no matter how careful you are could come off as a confrontation to her and you could trigger an episode or complete melt down . if she confides in you ... make the fighting stop ! ! ! i gotta meet more people ... i have a huge personal bubble . i like my space and i like strangers to stay in theirs . i also find touch to be a very personal thing and you've got to know me very well to get to touch me , even if ... love college am so happy to be back at it after a two year break , mfa here i come . with you on the down time part though . too much down time and i drop a little low . that's why this year i got a ... me too . if i just met you , if you've only known me a week , don't touch me , stay in your bubble and i'll stay in mine . once you've made the coveted friends list , then you have limited rights to ... tired and lonely . my boyfriend is less of a companion and more of an on going critic . why'd you do this why'd you to that you didn't do this you didn't do that toughen up never mind that he ... touch and time at my top . touch especially , i'm with someone now that doesn't really touch in a caring manner on the everyday , smacks me on the butt , or pokes me , or tugs my clothes , or hair , it's so ... i don't really know any infp guys . and all the men i've dated have been e's , which is one of the places the most conflict is created , they just don't understand me . always loved tattoo's . have this great idea for a twisted quill pen , don't know where i'd put it thought . plus honestly i think i'm too much of a softy to do it : crazy : you know you're an infp ... when you type a word with the letters all jumbled together out of order because your brain moved on to the next one before your hands were there . repeat my stories all the time . its like when they fit into a conversation i don't realize i've already told it . i don't mind being told that i'm repeating myself if the person is nice about it and ... that's right up there with the i like you , but you're too good for me . kind of like a compliment and a drop kick to the stomach at the same time . me too . i seem to be totally logical when i'm looking at other people . i'm with you there . just for once i would like my pessimism to be wrong . selfishness , and indifference . i hate people who can't turn the silly / joking / poking fun of other people off . i mean shut it off from time to time . people can't take being the butt of a joke 24/7 ... you looked like you were in your own little world . i'm with you guyz . totally got a case of sad as well . i have dated two really good men in my life . i know they're good men . but for some reason i get into a relationship with them knowing their good honest men and all of a sudden there's this jerk there ... i got accepted to newhouse for graduate school . i went stayed one semester and got the hell out of dodge . i was miserable there . omg my boyfriend and i just had this discussion . he apparently thought i was some kinda goodie two shoes and when i started talking about my sexuality i apparently totally blew his image of me , i ... i'm the same way . i evaluate every possible scenario before i decide on anything . when i don't i usually end up not making a sound decision or feel like i haven't made a sound decision . i want signs on everyone . hello i am an : infp ... hello i am an : estj ... hello i am an : isfp . that way i don't have to explain myself all the time i can simply say you won't get me , that's ok , ... i'm feeling this way today too . in a situation like yours yes i do . and it probly does contribue to how few relationships i've had . i'm trying to make myself get to know people better now . but it takes a lot to combat my nature , ... this is perfect . ... when you like the smell of new books . i am going to do this all in caps because i feel like screaming right now but i live with other people so that would be inappropriate . i am so sick and tired of being a punching bag for being an ... i believe that freedom of expression is sacred . everyone should have the right to believe what they believe , be who they want to be , think what they want to think , and say what they want to say . if i ... i'm pretty consistent . i get a little wound up and change my hair from time to time but not drastically . and i'm mostly casual but very put together . i'm only 26 and a very strong infp . my personality points are all above 70 % i can only speak for myself and how i approach things . i get to know people very slowly . and try to make situations as easy ... wrote this one last night , the format of it is wrong but i just don't have the energy to code it into proper format : he didn't hold my hand not once not for one second in a crowd of ... i am tired of being criticized and reprimanded by how i cope with my introvertedness and anxiety . i'm not a ten year old pitching a fit i'm just a girl who is introverted . if you're with me and have ... you have sooo many friends ! ! ! good morning grumpy what's wrong why are you snapping at me ? ( when i haven't ) you're weird never mind you just don't get it ( believe me i'm trying to ) are you sure you're ok what ... i suppose that's true that most of us infp's can remind ourselves that it's not fair but most people don't see things as we see them . but you run in to trouble with some of us when we've been through ... '