' i just typed my ex-wife , who is an esfp . unlike stone though , i would not want to go back to that at all ! ! ! it ’ s fun in the beginning , but lifelong was not the right move . now that she has ... see , if you told me that you would see me next sunday night , during your normal group setting , i would have taken that as a blow off and that you werenx 92t interested in me other than a group friend . ... we ’ ve now just passed 3 months . there have been some valleys trying to help deal with some of the outside stress she has been having , but i ’ ve tried to be very supportive with her , offer advice ... that makes me happy . she makes me feel warm and fuzzy all the time . yeah , i think ix92m good at giving her verbal appreciation / affection . ix92ll have to remember that , even though i donx 92t need ... now that's funny ! i wonder why i will kill you all is not finding love . scaring them away perhaps ? i did say loosely borrowed : wink : for me what would work is simply asking me in a sincere sweet manner . tell me how you feel about me . tell me what you are interested in and that you're unsure of how i feel , etc . tell him that ... if he asked to see you again , then i would say that shows a strong sign of interest . i would be kind of taken back though if i asked that and you said you were busy the next few days , because i ... i love music ! to loosely borrow from somebody music is the soundtrack to my life . i've been into hip-hop since it's infancy almost 30 years ago . when i'm with women or just feeling the mood , ... : happy : ... yeah , she makes me very happy just meaning , that i haven't dug deep into the mbti to totally understand the differences between the letters . i have a surface layer understanding of the differences between i vs e , n vs s , etc . ok , so we're a couple weeks behind you , and like you , it was pretty much exclusive from the start . however , i met her around the same time i met someone else , but i was quickly drawn to her and knew ... i wouldn't feel comfortable going into specifics , so we'll just say legal troubles . * when did your relationship start ? ours was on 2/22 ( nice and easy to remember ) . ok - giving ( or receiving ) compliments is not my strong suit , but i see that i will need to do that . i think i'm fairly communicative on showing my appreciation and / or communicating what she does ... i made this thread a couple days ago , but i'm not seeing it so let me try again . anyways , i'm a male istj and i've been in a relationship with a female isfj for about 3 months now . everything is ... it's half empty damn it ! ... sorry , been off the board for quite awhile ( working 65-70 hrs a week ) . just took the variant test ... not sure what these results are supposed to mean or if this is what you ( mbti enthusiast ) ... yeah , you're right ... that's much worse . i feel ill even thinking about them . listening to music - - - organizing my music , rating every song , album artist - - - fixing all the metadata watching tv - - - sitcoms , legal dramas - - - typically despise reality shows , but ... you are a lot nicer to me then i am . i have high goals for myself , so i get upset when i miss one , or more likely several days of studying because i turn on the tv or veg out when i come home from ... i share some similarities with you . i really try to work ahead so that as i'm absorbing the material , i have time to go through it slowly and thoroughly . unfortunately i have fallen behind every ... i've been struggling with the work / life balance for awhile and would love to hear others ' opinions . as an ixtj , i constantly have a list of things that need to be done , a pretty much never ... i thought i was the only one who did that , i actually store my off season clothes in boxes above my closet . done . now i just have to find the option to have all your comments automatically blacked out ... damn can't find it . looks like we need a new feature added to the website . this is pretty much my exact thoughts also . also arriving 5 minutes early is on time , arriving on time is late , and arrive late is ridiculous and inexcusable . for school i hate being late because ... got a 105 ... i was really high on five out of the first six and then it went down fast on the next four . unlike yardiff i did give myself several tens , so my score could be even lower if i used his ... now what ? ! ... seriously ? if you want to waste your time going to threads that you don't have an interest in and piss on everyone's heads to go for it . maybe we should all go to the threads that we ... i also bcc'd the professor to put him in the loop though i don't think we'll get an extension ... there are many groups with missing members and we still have a week . i decided to go with the two email approach . the one i just sent was the sorry you're in the hospital , are you ok . hopefully he'll respond with some type of direction of what's happening . if he ... don't fucking read the thread then . this is funny because my lack of empathy is exactly why i came to per-c today . i need help figuring out how to broach a situation . i have been assigned the group leader position by a teacher in ... 19 - - - looks like i'm right in the trend line with istj's . as an ixtj i guess it makes sense that i go back and forth . most of me believes that there is no god and for the most part that is pretty consistent . i have some times that will entertain the idea ... just ran across this post when i did a google search on ixtj . glad to see there's a couple others out there . i just watched today's bbt and i might have to agree with the sheldon example . ... amen to all of that . it's so hard to be out in the public and having to fake giving an f * * * about that crap . i used to be a customer service lead and had to listen to people whine for 8 hours a ... state of ... crazy , me too . i'm down in kent , where u at ? i don't really like gifts in general but i hate the idea of a gift card or money . i don't like the societal norm that gifts need to be given by these people to those people at this time because we ... thanks guys . i'm enjoying this site . it appears much more active than the previous site i was perusing . maybe it's more of being a male ixtj that has little interest in updating facebook statuses . my thought process is if it's not life altering ( new job , gf , grades , etc . ) then why would someone want ... what pisses me off ? that list could be so long . we'll start off with : * i'm pissed off at myself because i'm playing around on this forum when i was supposed to be studying * my damn vehicle ... i try to eat proportionally , but that has been a losing effort for too long . when i'm sticking to my schedule , i can be disciplined in my eating , but anything throws off the schedule , i use it as an ... not knowing how to format correctly in a damn post taxes . taxes on taxes . red light cameras people saying i'm being controlling when i don't want to do what they want to do . death taxes gift taxes gambling taxes raising property taxes ... i don't try to shove my idea of a good time off on you , so either pay me the same courtesy or $ * % @ off ahhh , i love the anger of the last few posts ... i feel so at home . never heard of this test before today ... took it though - - - c as an ixtj i like facebook but at the same time i don't use it much . i like it for the fact that i can semi stay in contact with people that would easily drift away because we'd never call each ... as an istj male , what types of females have you had / have that make the best relationships ? are there types that you would typically avoid ? i don't have the whole type thing down , but the overall ... what to say here ... hmm , i don't know . i'm winging it without checking out a ton of examples from other people , so i don't have anything to base my post on . oh well . a little about me . i live ... '