' everything in title . yes , but would those additional stacks actually correspond to anyone's personality ? [ / quote ] they probably would . it would help explain people who are between 2 mbti types.but the normal function ... what are some frequent problems found with the cognitive function stacks ? one thing i tend to notice is that people use different functions for different situations . there is also the problem ... is there any correlation between mbti and gardening ? what types would most likely enjoy gardening the most ? the least ? halfway between intp and infp . not sure if it's sympathy but i really do like oswald cobblepot from gotham . his slightly goth look mixed with his practically insane personality makes him look like ... the only reason i can think of the terrible game recommendations is because other types were probably considered to enjoy the more interesting games and the creator of that post didn't know what to ... i'm surprised everyone got past the typo in the title ! i tried to change it , but editing only works for the post not the title . can i ask why you need so much room for a garage ? what are you looking for in your dream house ? i'm looking for a very cozy looking house . something that will look nice on the outside and inside . what kind of scenery around the house ? i really ... from what i read online , i that to stay in a lucid dream , you need to ground yourself in the dream.the best methods i've heard of is standing calmly and viewing your surroundings.the problem with ... what are you looking for in your dream house ? what kind of scenery around the house ? is it big , medium or small ? what are the colors of your dream house ? what architecture style is it ? ( fantasy ... have you ever experienced a lucid dream ? what was it like ? did you use a method to lucid dream or did it just happen one night ? are there any good methods you recommend for beginners ? did you ... i actually have a pair of swallows nesting on my porch.anyways , beautiful eyes , so full of life ? one swallow , i will walk up the nest and stare right into its soul ( it's quite funny watching a ... that's a good question that i didn't think of . i guess they just move out like any other person and end up in a different community . but now that i think about it , this is like the most ... that's why it's a hypothetical situation . so people can discuss what they like or dislike . so currently i'm halfway between infp / intp and i was interested in the mirroring of emotions that infps are mostly described as possessing . firstly , is it a real concept ( in psychology ) ? ... a tragedy imagine if there was a small community of nts and nfs.what would it be like ? what would a sp and sj community be like ? what would these 2 hypothetical communities be like ? is this too ... i was just thinking , because i know i hide talents and hobbies.most of my friends don't even know i'm obsessed with mbti and enneagram . i would probably tell them i garden , but apparently , according ... everything in title . i actually like this description of me . it makes me seem more interesting than i am . im an infp or intp , really up to me to choose at any time , but for perc i'll mostly go with infp . i play keyboard percussion ( piano , marimba , glockenspiel ... ) i like gardening , sculpting , tinkering , ... i should mention that i never curse / swear / cuss and i think it allows me to bring out witty roasts.most people will slap a few curse words together and call it a roast , while i , an intellectual , use ... i'm an infp and sometimes i wonder if most infps are good at roasting people . i really despise when people call themselves a savage but for the sake of this post i'll be a hypocrite for once . so some ... your safe place should be on property that you personally own . the only exception would be at a therapy office or any profession devoted to psychologically helping people . roses are red . statistics came in . women are more likely to get pregnant than men . i'm an infp as well and i say , that was the most accurate description of how i listen to music . i like ambient , some opera , some classical , but movie / game score takes the cake . in my inner world ... okay , i'll ask the same question but to be more ' politically correct ' . fantasy set in a technologically advanced society or fantasy set in a mythically , magically , mystically advanced society ? do you like sci fi or fantasy more when it comes to games , shows , or movies ? i like fantasy in games like skyrim , kingdoms of amalur , and fable . i'm an infp and i don't really like how sensitive we are ... is there any correlation between how fast you eat and your type ? i'm an infp and i eat very slowly . are you confusing conscience and consciousness ? or you mean that we only feel a sense of morality in our head and nothing else ? [ / quote ] let's play guess who didn't know the difference ! haha oops , ... if i believed in chakras , i would think your most powerful chakra would be where your conscience lived . ( idk much about chakras ) but im christian , so i believe the soul resides in the body , but i'm ... c . s lewis , lewis carroll , thomas kinkade , my grandfather , family friend , andrew huang , boyinaband , and roomie ( last three are very thought provoking muscians . ) i often ask myself if people can have their conscience wherever in the body . i've always experienced my conscience in my head just between my ears . so i wonder , do other people experience their ... i actually don't like sun sets ... i don't know why or how but when ever the sun starts setting , i get this weird bout of depressed feelings . they don't manifest as thoughts but rather a vibe or ... quite a few people have mentioned music to act as a catalyst for expressing emotions or ideas . i wonder , if this is common for infps to do as well . i find that i often use music to serve as the music ... i've never heard of or read samurai jack , sorry . when you're outside , what do you think of the surrounding nature ? do you feel anything exciting about trees , climbing tree rodents , flowers , stones , rivers , creeks , fallen leaves , the awful sound of ... you might be intj , but have you tried taking cognitive functions tests ? you may be adept at a lot of cognitive functions , so when you self analyze yourself it is so easy to see how you fit the intj ... hmm , i find i can only deeply analyze literature if it is something that i'm interested in . in school i absolutely hated analyzing literature because most of the books were boring . i always felt like ... what do infps bring to society and the world that no other types can or try to emulate like infps can ? as an infp , we are often regarded as having the most vivid imagination and for creating new world's inside of our heads.however , infjs are also known to be quite good at this as well . so i want to ... does anyone else think that the anne character in the show is way to extroverted to be an infp ? as you mentioned infps are dreamers who want the game to dream with them , that's like literally how i play games . i really like playing skyrim , oblivion , minecraft . kingdoms of amalur : reckoning , ... - toddlers . - toddlers that get into my stuff . - when my mom decides she should organize my stuff . - when my cats make muffins on me with their claws out like some weird love hurts relationship ... '