' she is a bully . something in you made / makes her jealous of you and she expresses it by bullying . i had a similar experience . enfx . if i had to guess between p and j , i'd say p . attracting has never been the issue , thanks to my appearance . finding someone to whom i am really attracted to is . none actually . i am either amused or indifferent to them . if it involves any kind of social interaction , the probability of procrastination shoots up considerably . i like to be ready . by honoring them with my continued presence and / or talking to them for long ( ish ) periods of time : wink : . lol , when i read the title i wasn't thinking about toilet paper rolls : crazy : ... anyway , the answer is in front . visually : imma atheist . u mad ? what is your myers briggs type ? intj which are the myers briggs types you are most attracted to ? intj , entj , intp which are the myers briggs types you are least attracted to ? xsfj that's not education , that is brainwashing ! he's definitely int . after reading more about him , i think he might actually be intp . intp or intj , he's amazing . :D and today's cat video is :  this is now a cat thread . innovator / achiever wut same here , in case anyone missed it from my sig . the would be the most appreciated but i'm not going to get gift : otherwise , books would be nice . 1 . a mixture of emotions , from curiosity to fear , as many different scenarios play in her head and anger about being setup for marriage to a stranger 2 . not scornful . very cautious and awkward at ... this : simple , private ( maybe even guestless ) , fuss-free and quick . night owl checking in . i try to go to bed not too much after midnight , because i have to be up by seven-ish in the mornings . difficult enough to do after 6 or 7 hours of sleep , hellish if i can't ... not true for me , i am usually not in a relationship . i've always been picky and i am very independent . mbti master ( lol ! ) is clearly negatively biased against intjs and t types in general . just look at the loaded wording in this piece on intjs and atheism : as for hitler , he has never ... watch porn of course ! is it only a waste of space because your result wasn't what you expected ? this : a better cognitive functions test can be taken here : helloquizzy.com : the hopefully good mbti test read more about the functions to find out if ni / te or ti / ne fits you best . a clockwork orange donnie darko mulholland drive blue velvet inception interesting how many intjs here have isfjs mothers ... mine ( xsfj ) is stubborn , illogical and is nearly impossible to argue with as she won't listen to any other arguments or even have a decent ... that sounds so much like a conversation between my xsfj mother and i . though she's more likely so say that she expects to chat at meal times instead of asking why i don't want to talk . according to attachment theory and research , there are two fundamental ways in which people differ from one another in the way they think about relationships . first , some people are more anxious ... i'd stop and tie it pretty much as soon as i notice . exactly for this reason : how is it a common mistake ? how is concluding that x can be thought of : there x exists logical ? or are you saying that x exists even if only because it does in someone's head ? apples and ... unicorns / the tooth fairy / santa claus exist , therefore they are thought . what kind of logic is that ? that is a petitio principii fallacy . god as an insurance policy ? be scared into ... i like them ! i'll scream if i want to . summer . sad problem . top wish intj or entj . also good other nts ; not sure about the rest , though i doubt i'd ever risk it with another feeler again . : confused : looks like i've just confirmed my result huh : tongue : ... it's only an internet test , not a medical diagnosis . you misunderstood kallisti's point . kallisti was not referring to technical ability as the end in itself . technical ability is only photography's starting point . taking creative photographs ... took a pic instead . 34 here . hmm . i write in the same size . your handwriting is not too different from mine . i'd upload a pic but my scanner is dead . you're making good points ziwosa . wondered about that myself . the second link i provided states that prof . north is continuing his research ( 2008 ) . it still needs a lot of refinement , though a ... yes , but i usually catch them out either before i submit or right after i do ( in a forum setting ) . not much more information but a bit more detailed : heriot-watt university : musical taste and personality - information for journalists ( cached document ) the original . doc is no longer available ... the idea is not new . bbc : music tastes link to personality i make a lot of loopy descenders too . i've just realized there is a term for that . are florishes the same thing but upwards ? if so , that too but less frequently than descenders . i also prefer ... my ni peaks in my dreams . they're like surrealist sci-fi movies with crazier colors . also when i hold a camera in my hand . this : way more ni than fi for me . i had overlooked this in my previous post , but fi has actually ( on a once-in-a-blue-moon basis ) driven me to write poems . i'm not too judgmental '