' that requires getting to a point that you can respectably discuss the matter with hr though ... and for an enfp i have / see so many things that are no big deal ... that can become a pretty large ... work can be intense ... i was thinking the same thing . i'm still trying to figure work out ... it's like highschool all over again ! lol come here often ? infj esfj infj enfp infj if there's something i know i shouldn't do , or don't want to do but am still tempted too i'll focus on all the bad outcomes and all the bad things until i am too afraid to do it . i like that . sadly i don't have the conviction i should ... i use fear sometimes as a stop gap . sent from my samsung-sm-g 900a using tapatalk i could see fear being usefull in preventing oneself from a destructive or negative thing kind of like a cheap replacement of conviction sent from my samsung-sm-g 900a using tapatalk grief is much more bothering to me . fear is so easy . fear is empowering . fear is envigorating . fear can be challenged . fear can be overcome . grief is relentless . grief has no mercy . sent from my ... hey guys ! :) i'd like to start my post with a disclaimer : i just started thinking about the subject of writing perspectives this morning ( at least in this context ) as i noticed that my writing ... my favorite types are infj intj infp enfp you sound like me a lot . i agree with most of your posts on the forums too . it's interesting because i have very high fi and ti use ( when not in ne-te mode ) but i hate fe . i feign fe sometimes in an ... dude . that fi sounds exactly like me sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk i love you money food sleeping work ( staying focused , knowing wtf i've got to do ) tasks ( like remembering what needs to be done , what i need , planning ahead ) i'm really bad ... even about the things i ... i recently moved out of my parents house and into a place of my own with some friends . i also recently accepted a job that requires 1 hour commute on the bus . these two things plus some emotional ... am going insane . sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk when i'm at work i am overwhelmed . i don't know what project to start , what email to read , or anything . i bounce form task to task never really finishing anything . it's frustrating the crap out of ... hey guys .. thanks for all the help :) you all helped me move forward and kind of fall into a judgement . here's verbatim what i said to her ( couple hours ago ) hey ! :) i've been thinking about ... i love shopping ... it gives me a great reason to go out into the world and interact .. when i have something to do i harmonize with my environment and shine my exuberant colors . although enacting on your selfish desires perpetuates the actualization of the white slavery ideal ; life is what life is . you yourself will not create change . so why not accept what is ? without ... ahhh hey guys ! :) i was recently discussing fi with my infp friend and he said something really interesting to me that i've never really thought about before , and it was , feel what you feel . i've been ... xnxx istjs xsxp hey guys ! :) i am an enfp . i have been working in it for the past 8 years . it's literally been my only job . i love and hate it . i'm wondering how many other enfps are also in it ? most of my jobs ... i have horrible posture and self awareness of myself in the physical world ... i do stupid things , i run into things , i stand stupidy , i drop things .. gah hey guys ! :) so i've been messaging a girl on okcupid . i sent her the first message around 10pm tuesday night . she's an infj and i'm an enfp . man . how awesome is she ? ? seriously . the first ... paradox none we're enfps ... we know what your room looks like before you cleaned it . ;) i think some einstein quotes are very useful for this discussion : insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . learn from yesterday , live for today , hope ... i've been clinnically diagnosed with adhd / tourettes . i'm going to broaden your question further beyond adderall . i'm opening it to the context of stimulants . i have been prescribed by my doctor a ... i come to this issue similarly as you . however i believe a fi value of op is being directly offended by this stj disclaimer : from what i've seen , and understand there is some controversy on this subject within the mbti community at large . i would say this subject is almost on the fringe of the harder aspects of ... this post .. is exactly the reason why infj are my favorite people in the entire world . i can't tell you how many journeys and adventures we've now been on together because you've shared your ... this is a crosspost that i've already posted to the enfp section . however , i'm wondering what common themes or threads nfs have with dreams . here's my original post : hey guys i was just recently ... hey guys i was just recently wondering , what is your experience with dreams ? i've found that typically my dreams are very emotional , scary , and reminiscent . when one of my really close friends ... provided this specific context i would say you're tight . but your statement about raw expression and emotion is not valuable is universally wrong . having value assumes similar drives and desire ... i've gotten entp a couple times too hey you can message me whenever you want :) i discovered recently that ive got ni . i love infj and intj because their ni is far superior to mine and it helps me grow . omg sorr ? y caps me .. it's me . i'm available btw .. ;) i appreciate your outlook on life have you ever done a cognitive function test ? ? i'd like to see your results : keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes this is the best explanation i've found : hey leave him alone , i know two intjs that have very well developed fi . i've discussed it before . it's a beautiful thing . intj with developed fi is one of my favorite people ever i find it adorable . :) i love you ! i usually take these moments to be playful and make the intj happy , because they're connected to the event ... more so than other jokes i could pull off . i can't agree with you more . people either mistake me for being gay , or on drugs . or i'm hiding inside of myself so people don't really know who i am , and they're confused by me but enjoy the humor . hey guys i'm kind of struggling with an idea and i'm not really sure how i feel about it . i just stumped upon this last night having a convorsation with my best friend . i'm going to kind of dump as ... hey .. how's it goin ? i hear our typology is similar .. you come here often ? i got : 95 this is really interesting to me .. because i see most of life as ambiguitious . hmm i wonder if this is correlated to j / p preference / strength ? ? i'm a pretty damn textbook perceiver .. '