' a daily reminder to us intp's when approaching life people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . that's the ... english and mandarin why did i get a saw jigsaw vibe reading that title no type is superior to another . each type has their own strengths and weaknesses . the point of our differences is that we can reinforce each other's strengths and weaknesses and help each other . all i'll say is that i had a bug in my neurological processing unit which i couldn't solve i can totally relate to your experience ( i am an intp after all ) i acted exactly like that when i hadn't even been rejected before . let's just say that the area of concern was a very touchy ... the internet is being so fucking slow ! i feel like i'm blinded ! i had a try not to cringe challenge with my intj friend reading through this thread . i lost , and i'm dating an infp . i'm so disappointed in myself . i started watching random youtube vids and reading wikipedia pages and then surfed the forums at 3:00 pm . whoops , it's midnight now ... fixing your router and the wifi comes back on :) if your self worth is only created through external measures , then i think that's a problem . babies disgust me ( i'm sorry ) , but there's one thing about them that shines . when they laugh , they are ... people who are shallow . i hate people who seems to be social and popular except that all of his pals are friends with benefits . a group of children were playing on two railway tracks , one still in use while the other disused . only one lone child played on the disused track , the rest on the operational track . suddenly , a ... i'm surprised people think that . my girlfriend is an infp , and i'm glad to have her in my life . she brings out the human side of me . if everyone around me was a t type then it would be like living as ... daily words of wisdom : don't ask what kind of life you aspire to live . ask what kind of life you are willing to suffer for . this may surprise you then . the people who seem the most emotionless are usually the ones who are the most scared about their emotions . words of wisdom to my fellow intps people will forget what you did and what you said , but people will never forget how you made them feel . let me say this lemmy . the kind of guy you are looking for is also the shyest guy who will never directly approach you and is practically invisible . you're going to have to find him :/ i completely disagree . sometimes , cold and closed off people were once the most kind , most outgoing , and nicest people ever before they got hurt . again . and again . and again , before they start to ... nope . if i know i really did an asshole thing , i have no problem with apologising . i don't say sorry if i don't mean it . infp thoughts : tonight , i thought my bf was acting weird . we had made plans to meet at a nice restaurant for dinner . i was shopping with my friends all day long , so i thought he was upset at the fact ... cold rainy day kill the one you love to save a thousand people let the thousand people die to protect the one you love kung fu what do you refer to by that ? intp : why are you sending me random selfies ? infp gf : because it's snapchat ? intp : i don't understand what's fun about sending random selfies with an app where messages just disappear infp gf : ... intp with an infp are you dating / married / living together ? dating how long have you been together ? it's been two months now okay , i ’ ve been spending ten minutes on retyping , deleting , and editing my reply , so i ’ ll just keep it simple . they are amazing as a gf , amazing for one on one time , and someone who i don ’ t mind ... maybe i have to slightly agree with the f types saying it's not healthy to hold your emotions in . actually , it's not unhealthy . it's just dangerous . in a group project , my partner was your classic ... because i don't have many hobbies / activities i enjoy doing with another human the internet , forums , skype is enough . who needs actual human contact ? no , just because an electrical bug has occured in my neuron proccessing unit doesn't mean my ti suddenly changes to fe thanks ! i'll keep that in mind :) butterflyeffect the emotional side of the intp is like a plant , it needs to be cultivated . it needs sunshine to shine on it , to let it know that the world outside isn't a harsh thunderstorm , that ... thriftybarbs 21 first , you gotta be kinda obvious . yes , you have to do things that you would consider coming off as strong . me and my current infp gf liked each other for a whole year before i ... nell beautifully said mate , i concur . cheesy ? unrealistic ? repulsive ? do you have any love songs that you like or don't dislike ? please share your thoughts thatx 92ll be some useful information xd , ( i have an infp girlfriend ) trust me , don't make him open up , you'll only drive him away further . feelings are a very sensitive topic for intp's . i absolutely hate it , when i'm asked how do i feel . i think one thing f ... i met my infp girlfriend in high school . i had a crush on her since the first time i saw her , and i thought it was another of those stupid crushes , but this one remained for one year and i still ... ^ ^ ^ that and when you react like this to a random hug 650730 intp with a infp girlfriend i have some queries about their dynamics if you don't mind ! in this scenario , its two healthy personalities . 1 ) is it a rather passive duo ? is there any fire in the ... i honestly think a intp and infp pairing is perfect . ( totally no bias because my girlfriend is an infp ) here are my reasons ( before you flame me , please note that i'm basing this off a very ... melusinaampersand i don't really have trouble with emotional intimacy . like , i do a very good job of hiding it , but when i'm around said person , i just feel this sort of energy . i hate to admit ... i don't hate kids i just hate kids who make no fucking sense , or cry and whine and bitch all the fucking time and act like special snowflakes and just won't shut up . my fellow intp's , i have to ask , when you have a crush on someone , how do you usually act ? firstly , i have to make sure that my feelings are true then , i spend more time trying to understand ... for those who believe that intp's are cold and lack feelings , this is entirely false . ( i can't say this for all intp's ) , but most intp's feel emotion very purely and very intensely , same comes with ... people who act nice to me when they want something but i find out they talk shit behind my back special snowflakes willfully ignorant or idiotic people people who don't show their true ... i didn't know our shadow type was the entj we can be extremely insensitive , but because of the entj's extroverted nature it becomes all the more apparant and obvious and is felt by a larger swath ... i'm taking life too seriously ? hate is not healthy , you are honestly sounding like an infp to me . i honestly think that by summarizing and understanding what pisses me off , i can deal with it ... as a high schooler , here i have generalised the people who make me annoyed into types ( which can eventually lead to anger ) . 1 . special snowflakes 2 . people with huge egos / wannabe toughies / bullies ... i try to not get angry , and i think i'm pretty good in suppressing my anger the same way i suppress my emotions . because i feel like when i feel an emotion i'm prompted to do something . however , ... '