' i majored in linguistics . it was awesome . its like x-ray vision . suddenly you can see this new layer of existence that was always there but you just never knew . and every word a person speaks , every ... wanna stick needles in your skin ? there's an app for that ! i know ! : wink : and i live so close to canada too . i love driving over the border and thinking hey ! the fire hydrants are different ! i'm in a foreign country ! i should marry a canadian . then i'll get free health care . i just spent the last 45 minutes sitting still and watching the lights behind my eyes . they were green and swirly like an aurora . it was beautiful . i should do this more often . you will step in an unpleasantly deep puddle this ! ! ! omg this this this ! ! ! i cant tell you how many songs i love except for the horrific snare obliterating any delicacy or subtlety . i don't understand how anyone could compose something so ... i'm not swedish either , but i took swedish class for a year in college ! it was a blast and out teacher made us sing swedish songs . he also brought in lots of swedish food . i'd love to visit if ... ... when your fantasies start to turn on you . they all start out happy and exhilarating and you cant wait for the chance each day to withdraw and rush into them . but they have to grow and expand ... i keep a dream journal . i try to write down my dreams every day . but i haven't in weeks because i'm lazy and writing it all down can sometimes take hours . i can have as many as 8 long saga-type ... fucking grammys fucking fakes i dont wanna hear it if you didnt write it you're empty and a thief and a poster and not worthy sit still ! and when i feel like i can feel once again ... this song is like an infp anthem . i wonder how differently people would think of me if i had tattoos . hello ! and i just want to say that i've always really liked the name jay . when i was a kid i learned how to fold a dollar bill into a ring . i never met anyone else who knew this and it became like a special trick . today on my way to work i found a discarded dollar bill ... i used to draw silly faces on eggs in permanent marker before dropping them in boiling water . : crazy : ... sometimes i still do ... every time i start to feel settled into a type i start wondering if maybe i'm not something else . its tiring . i just want to know who i am . this actually stresses me out on a physical level . ... go go graphic novels ! you know you're an infp when you have a monthly existential crisis . yeah , like a hugging smiley . i guess this will do ... * hugs * huh . i had never heard of this . been reading up on it . sounds rough . is there a sympathy smiley ? yes please . self diagnosis is really obnoxious . i wish i could skip work like i skipped class . it was always fun . you know you're an infp when ... you spend so much time trying to become yourself , your true self . and you don't really know who that is . all you know is you're not there yet . there really is no graceful way to run with a backpack . why not both ! there's nothing like gazing at the orion nebula through a wide field eyepiece , or saturn's rings , or jupiter's spot . its like floating in space . its a completely different ... planet is just a label . : tongue : ( but yeah , i think it makes sense ... ) not pictures of me , but pictures of my favorite hobby !  sleepy , slow , fungus this ! it makes me feel like such an ass ! i was always quite academically inclined . had a bit of an issue in 6th grade , but that was only because i was a year ahead and was really too young for that much homework anyway . people have ... sometimes i chew to a rhythm . i also used to be really neurotic about licking the seasoning off of crackers before i ate them whole . that would be preferable because then i could print my own . this is so cool ! mine was : oatmeal , tea , escapism fuck yeah ! thursday ! this makes me laugh until i'm sore every time . oatmeal , tea , escapism . thats my thursday . i can play harmonica with my nose . haha i guess it really does sound like a band name ! acid reflux is the bane of my existence . why must bacon cause me pain ! its not fair ! i just suffered my first major rejection . i dont even know what i'm feeling . i feel like i should be crying or something , but mostly i feel empty . are your other friends aware of how this girl has hurt you ? if they trust you , maybe they would be less inclined to follow her around . i totally agree . every civilization has its ebb and flow , rise and downfall . its entirely our choice if we want to be on the rising or falling slope on the graph of history . even though you've experienced some wonderful moments in your life ... ... all your absolute happiest moments have been self-induced . i stole a shopping cart . we pushed each other around in the snow , then tipped it on its side to make cart angels . my mom . she's an infj and always knows what to say to make me feel validated and safe . also , tetris . i play tetris to calm me down in some of my most intense fits of emotion . it really helps ! thats so cheesy ! i bet he writes really bad poetry with words like poignant and evanesce . sometimes i cant believe this is my life . i wish i could be so much more . pretty much the same as in my avatar , but here i am ! are you high ? edit : amdisdeirdra just posted this ! haha . i guess its a common occurrence ! '