' don't rely on others in this thread to type you , because you are bound to get misinformation and conflicting information which will only confuse you more . i can already see wrong information in the ... type : infj the way i write my essays is i start thinking about what i want to say and what my opinion is on the matter . then i write down some words or subjects , that create a rough structure . then ... double post ... i swear this mobile forum app is the worst i've seen . oops , hold on a second . i've had similar responses from people regardless of gender ... it's because of the way we sometimes tend to impart information . terms people have used towards me - know ... don't quite understand what you meant by your second second , but here's a quick example that might help you understand what problem / double standard western people are facing these days : support ... haha , you are being a bit silly , to be honest :) i know plenty of isfp's , my brother being a prime example . some things are accurate , but your list is very focussed on a stereotype , quite ... i just had to quote this . such a small post , yet so very true . i can recall endless situations from my past where people became less and less a version of their real selfes when they interact in a ... to everybody here who believes you can change the way your brain is wired just because you want to ... you should seriously stop and think for a moment about how wrong that actually sounds . no , you ... my brother is an isfp , and i know that we tend to clash often . where it mostly goes wrong is that as an isfp he tends to have a live and let live attitude , whereas i am constantly looking for ... ok that would seem to be more of an si-like approach , recognizing familiar aspects from the past and building your understanding from there . still , we are talking about one example here , which is ... i was just reading this thread again , since it had been bumped , and i wonder if you could elaborate more on what you perceive as different writing styles between infp and infj . i'm hearing this more ... okay , but how did your thought proces go ? did you look at some of the things he told you , and looked for similarity and specific things that overlapped in your own research ? or did you conceptualize ... i wouldn't mind too much about your past . like you said , you were mentally ill , and mental illness doesn't have anything to do with mbti . so in your case the past ( i don't know how far back ? ) is not ... if it is anything helpful , this is a very ' sensorish ' thing to say . especially the last sentence . you respond to the quote as if it would ' literally ' mean that two souls become one . i recognize this ... haha ! of course not . telling people they are intelligent will often make them give you more credit . i'm sure if the majority would be below-average , this thread would be full of i call bs ! . okay , so lets see ... - clickbait title . - amateuristic op . - a lot of expensive words , no real substance . - no valid source in the op . - misinformation about mbti . - claiming to be able to ... yea i've read that explanation , but it is one of the many i think ... and it may be caused by ... sort of explanations . it is all guessing and possibilities . that should say enough really . people ... thank you for asking this . i was afraid i was the only only one here who is skeptical about this whole thing . to me it not only sounds ridiculous that shutting someone out of your life completely and ... haha , i think you are making this harder than it is . just bring it up as a joke with a bit of sarcasm . do it face-to-face though to prevent misintrepretation . for example . she asks you to make ... hehe really ? i swear it is probably the type i have seen most . very easy to recognize . just visit any hospital or rehabilitation center . 75 % of the nurses there are isfj lol . administration ... i'm sorry , but what ? i don't think you have met many estj's or any dom / aux te users in general . they are the best of all types at relaying information and communicating logical arguments in a concise ... haha , this is such a classic scenario . this could have totally been me :P i definately agree on the bolded parts . but i'm not acting that way at all , nor am i trying to align myself to other people's standards ... i want to be my natural self . my problem is just with people ... lol ! that joke took a couple of seconds to sink in . i suppose i agree with you on the culture part . i live in the netherlands which is a country with a very big mix of nationalities and cultures , and ... haha , damnit ! my cover is blown . * runs for the hills ! * : laughing : i've always been hearing it , but since i've started my new job it has been more frequent than ever . well , that sounded enthusiastic .. , i really don't get the feeling you enjoy what you are ... overal i think they are an interesting type , but they have some tendencies that annoy me : - from my experience , intps ( and many other ne users ) tend to go off-topic quickly or go on tangents and ... i got rloai as well . with these tests it is probably best not to take things literal , but rather try and interpret what they try to say . look , you scored low on extroversion , so they listed some ... ... about the same 1 or 2 topics over and over and over and over again . while you are right about the social aspect of the game and how it can create positive situations for people , i think you are being a bit naive . i'd like to just pinpoint some of the problems i have ... i seriously don't get why this is so popular . the hype obviously isn't because of pokemon ... that has been around for ages . it's just the new technology that gets people excited . then they get ... haha , wow . speaking of trying to over-analyse . she is probably just shy and doesn't easily approach people . you approached her first , and maybe you broke the ice for her so that she's now more ... yes , that is another typical trait of sensors ... someone actually explained this in another post in this thread ... lmao . [ / quote ] the guy is obviously playing passive aggressive sarcasm on you . this ... i give nothing for a lot of the small ' traditions ' or ' habits ' that society apparently finds normal . for example , that people think that rings are worn around your ring finger only , or that ice cream ... if you have such expansive knowledge about type , then why didn't you give even the slightest bit of effort in constructing a serious , productive post that could actually be insightful ? claiming to be ... well of course , but she didn't say it in terms of finding her type . she meant it in general : i love discussing an in-depth idea with those i'm closest to . i want to go on hours and hours with the ... the ones i hear most are ' dreamer ' and ' spacer ' ( related to the look on my face as if i see water burning in the distance ) . no idea if they have been posted , but these articles are very good to differentiate inferior se and inferior te . they are pretty long and detailed so there is lots to relate to and to reject . but i ... i have been reading your posts up until this one and i honestly believe your analysis and understanding of some cognitive functions is wrong . i mean ... that part you quoted , that is not ne . it is ... wow this thread .. haven't seen such a big collection of shitposts , trolling and butthurt people in one place . every type is annoying when unhealthy , for different reasons . infp's certainly aren't ... oh lol i couldn't agree more on this ! as i developed my ti more , i was able to more accurately evaluate my own behavior . now that i look back and think of some of the things i said and did back in ... hmm , yea i can agree with that . even when they don't voice the judgement , you can see it in their eyes . my isfp brother has that notorious disapproving look in his eyes when i try to look at things ... i wonder what you and many others expect us to look like . we are just regular people , plus when fe is well developed we can have a tendency to be ' social chameleons ' . this means we will often adjust ... lol , but that's what fi does . it creates subjective judgements , based on their personal experience . hence , it is perfectly perfectly fine and acceptable to condemn every person in a type based on a ... well , a bit like said above , many aspects between the types are different , yet still similar . this makes it interesting for both parties to learn from each other , grow as a person and gain ... op , it kind of comes down to looking similar only on the surface area . i've worked together intensively with an enfp and we had many similarities in what we find important and in our interests . where ... - taking that first sip from a cold and wet beer bottle , after a well earned victory on the pitch . - sitting around a fire on the beach with friend and other nice folk . - watching children have ... i'm not preventing anything . you are right , everyone is allowed to post what they want and repond to whoever they want . but i've seen him post nothing but negativity about infjs and fe in other ... guys , can we all just not take so seriously ? it's pretty obvious the guy got severely butthurt by someone he thinks is infj . sadly he feels the need to vent his frustration in multiple ... trolling or pushing buttons to provoke a reaction is a very fe filled activity . '