' hugs are great , except when they're given by someone i don't really like at all . i won't initiate them , though , because i realize people get uncomfortable about being hugged sometimes . but i like ... i tend to have three or four separate lines of chatter going on at the same time , though they operate at different volumes . i'm a pretty anxious person , so one of the lines is usually criticizing ... i'm in college now , but i'm actually working at a 6 month internship instead of going to classes right now . i'm working for an advocacy group which writes legislation and works with state senators ... i don't think i'm cynical , necessarily , but i absolutely see the darkness in people , and i think that darkness is necessary . i get bored easily with people who are too bright and don't let some of ... my writing tends to take things from a very general point . i'm not interested in discussing concrete details , and i find myself skimming over them in other people's writing - i want to get to the ... i'm mainly attracted to men , and i tend to go for the ones who are intelligent critics . they're people who stand apart from others because they just can't really relate to them and find a lot of what ... i like watching the trailers for mad men episodes just because they tend to make fun of the whole idea of in the next episode ! trailers . they'll have things like two second clips of someone walking ... birds in the dumb water . i'm the sky , the water said , and i've generally tested above average on intelligence tests . but the birds knew better . the birds knew that birdbrain was an ... i'd probably dress myself up in a suit and appreciate how dapper i look , then go to a cafe with a bunch of gay girls and flirt with them . it's kind of counterintuitive , but i feel like i'd be a lot ... yeah , this has been one of the more irritating parts of working in an office environment for the first time . i always feel constrained by the idea that i'm at work , and no one really expects to ... i'm not sure i'd use the word schizophrenic to refer to mbti theories ... that seems like a more appropriate label for a theory with wild deductive leaps . i think i've seen a theory like that ... i have no idea if he's an infp , but jens lekman's lyrics definitely connect with the exaggerated , grand sense of melancholy i feel sometimes . bats are sucking on cherries dangling from the trees ... i have a lot of trouble finding stp types very interesting , most of the time . i'm generally interested in talking about ideas and beliefs , while i find the tendency of stps to love talking about ... there's puppies . we're in a world which is full of experience and love , of which we haven't even consumed a percentage . every day there are new connections we can make , new ways to see things , and ... i wanted to be a spider . it didn't work . you can't ridiculously broad generalizations about gender and use them to fuel your sexual frustration . well , i mean , you can , but it's childish and not in the fun way . women do not all act in the ... i wish for a really good burrito . i always thought this was the defining characteristic of fe , and that's why i felt so ambivalent about typing myself as infp : i feel like i'm constantly adjusting my personality to other's ... oftentimes , i'll take small-scale leadership roles just to quell uncertainty and lost-ness in a group . if there's a project to be accomplished , i'm generally the person who starts asking the ... steve roggenbuck gives me the carpe diem inspiration i need to get through the day . ( language in the video is nsfw . ) first , i think that there's no way to find a really meaningful conclusion about nature vs . nurture in personality type given the limited data available , especially under jungian theory . we can throw ... i'm good at making people laugh . i used to consider i had a schizoid personality , but i found that i was only using that sort of self-diagnosis as a defense mechanism to avoid reckoning with the loneliness i didn't know how to ... i think it's hard for people to see areas where they might be seen as idealistic . people will generally choose to be around people who don't challenge the way they see reality - and if you're around ... i'm perfectly able to be practical , and i'm often going to try to keep the future sustainable . it doesn't mean that i don't have strong feelings or passions , but it means i'm going to keep myself ... i don't think it'll surprise anyone that six feet under was this for me . it's ultimately a show about what it means to be a vulnerable introvert with love and passion but without the courage to ask ... other people's lives seem more interesting ' cause they ain't mine . i'm a sociology major , so i tend to do this - though it tends to be more that i'm looking at how people are grouping together and ... i really admire isfps because they see the world in a way that's just inaccessible to me . everything still has deep meaning , but for them it doesn't seem to be made into a narrative : experiences ... i try to look for friends who can join me in a crusade against the rest of the world - people who get upset in the same way that people don't try to dig deeper beyond surface impressions . and usually ... i ended up building a facade of sarcasm and loathing for the world around me in order to hide my actual sensitivity . now i'm trying to tear that front down in hopes that it'll let me be a more ... i'm definitely much more passive-aggressive than literally aggressive . i think it's because every time i started to verge on aggressive as a kid , people tended to find it comical instead of ... i spent most of high school infatuated with an enfp . you guys have a magic about you - an inner deepness and an outer charm that's hard to stay away from . i don't think anyone enjoys being told who they are . i could be projecting , but i think most people vastly prefer being able to choose what they can call themselves or what categories to apply to ... i keep trying to beat the mess back , but somehow the floor always ends up strewn with clothes and my desk is full of things that i picked up in my pockets throughout the week . i've already spent a good deal of time looking at the cognitive functions and thinking about them , but i feel like self-examination really doesn't give you a complete picture with this sort of thing ... so i've had a few different types suggested for me on the what's your type forum . i'm pretty sure i'm an infp ( maybe one with more fe than usual ) , but i've also had infj and isfj suggested . i ... it's okay to have people think you're weird . it's even okay to have people think you're obnoxious , because these things are better and more fulfilling than having people think you don't exist . you ... you guys are pretty intimidating , but you've been some of the best people for me to have around . i had a fantastic entj teacher who believed in me , and winning her respect made me feel like i'm a ... i've recorded a video challenge , just to see if that gives you any more insight into the n vs . s question : i tend to process things on a very conceptual level - almost entirely in words . usually there's something like 4-5 layers of language in my head , shifting over each other and changing their ... head to the library , pick up a bunch of different books and read a few pages of each one . in my experience , it's easy to get turned off of reading because of one book which is totally on the wrong ... i swear i have way too much difficulty with the how are you ? interaction - as soon as i respond fine , how are you ? i feel like i'm wasting the person's time and i'm a failure at interacting like ... dear esfp best friend , i love you and i hate that you're sad and anxious - and i wish i could do more for you . you've always been my rock when i've felt fed up with life and routine , and when you ... i think the system is largely a set of socialized beliefs we have about what we can and can't do . and it's also the structural factors that make some of these beliefs untenable . for instance , there's ... that's really interesting , actually : gives me a whole new perspective on si . still , i'm not sure it's my dominant method of perception . you talk about the way i responded to the picture , but to be ... i guess that's possible , but i really don't see the other parts of si . i'm fairly spontaneous , and i get bored easily with routine and doing the same things . ( i'm the kind of person who orders ... usually yelling or confrontation , i think - at least , i tend to go far out of my way to avoid it . i don't necessarily like passive aggression of course , but it's something i can tolerate and know ... that's very possible , i think , especially since si doesn't seem to come into play for me at all . i can get jealous that other people are having more fun than i am , but i realize it's a silly feeling and one that's sort of ridiculous . that said , i often find the laughter of strangers really ... i just never want to bother anyone with my presence , so i try to drift around and just look invisible . i'm working on it , though . '