2w1 spso 89 % infj 5 % enfj 3 % infp istp if you talk about impose your will on other and lead them . then no , i don't search power . it doesn't make me feel happy or valuable in some way . and i find leading , annoying af . usually when i find ... ti actualized type : infj ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 65.85 % extroverted ( e ) 34.15 % intuitive ( n ) 79.41 % sensing ( s ) 20.59 % feeling ( f ) 77.14 % thinking ( t ) 22.86 % judging ( j ) 69.44 % perceiving ( p ) ...  infj you are the idealistic type ! your typical characteristics : idealistic , calm , careful , reflective , educated , interessiert , sozial , bedächtig your improvement potential : more openness ... 5w4 when i got a text , i text back asap . i only struggle with texting back when my friend send me ten picture of them in pyjama on snapchat , what the fuck i'm supposed to respond to that . entp kakegurui : yumeko jabami : entp ryota suzui : isfj mary saotome : estj ili-ni entp ni intp it's true that in this forum , a lot of fi user display a kind of fe diabolization . it's kinda sad . it looks like all fi users has been traumatised by their esfj mom lol . i usually get along with intj , one of my closest friend is intj and i like her deeply . and i don't really understand the fe hate here , at least my intj friend appreciate my fe . intp exfp ( cute photo of yurio btw ) . esfp se . i don't hate se-user , not at all , it's just that i hate use se , or when se is directed to me . this function is such a pain in the ass for me to use . infx infp i'm infj . i kinda relate to isfj , intj , enfj . intx eii-fi af eii so cute , i would say enfj , even esfj or enfp .  you give me an inxp vibe , even an infp vibe . infp nifi infj there . best friends : enfj intj intp infp oh gawd ! ! weeb puns :p . ni for you . istx eie ni ? seems adequate ti fi i'm gemini with a virgo ascendant . sli-si ? kiss - esfp marry - intj bed - entp enfj , istp , entj en ( tf ) p c3 infj i'm infj in mbti and iei in socionics , so i think , it match .  