' hahaha what are you even talking about ? i thought the same thing about your are we incompetent ? thread . you seem frustrated by what you consider your failings , and have passed them off as just ... my mistake then . didn't realise there was a backstory . i wasn't really trying to tear you down with that comment , and neither was i trying to build you up to be a better person . i was more ... haha , i always find it weird when internet people question other people's types when no one's asked for it . you can't honestly believe you're able to make a completely accurate judgement of someone's ... satire is the use of exaggeration and irony to highlight and criticise someone's stupidity , so i hope you can understand why satirising yourself to show your own failings might have confused me . ... haha but i totally gave you a pokey-tongue smiley . it was partly a joke , but in any case it was more that you were freaking out and making an ass of yourself over perceived typism against ... haha i really don't understand this thread . op was sort of funny , but the humour was a little forced . and then where did the rest of the thread come from ? obviously has some serious ... cool idea ! dot-point 4 makes it fall apart though , because antimatter has been discovered haha . a positron is the antimatter equivalent of the electron , and was discovered in 1932 . if memory serves i ... istps are all well and good . they have the stereotype of being total bad-asses ( entps obviously trump them , but we'll save that argument for another day ) . but zombie apocalypse survival isn't about ... barnum / forer effect , cold reading , list of cognitive biases . now say it after me : zo-di-ac is to-tal whack . also , maybe it's just me , but there seems to be more threads about entps and enfps ... my sincerest apologies then . i thought your post gave the sense you were trying to speak from experience . if that's not the case , then just ignore what i said ; it can be for the next actual bragging ... i don't like your reply for several reasons . the biggest being that you seem to be implicitly implying that you've experienced this pain of being a genius . which is just a subtle way to brag , haha ... i submit to you , in order that your mind and worldview may be expanded : wikipedia's list of common misconceptions , and also their list of cognitive biases . that's two days of solid reading and ... what i find really sad is that there is apparently so many people with ' genius ' level iq ( commonly stated as above 140 ) , but they're really normal people when you talk to them . i went to a school ... serious question : if you had to choose a superpower and an animal , which superpowered animal would you be ? if you answer unicorn because this thread said unicorn , i'm revoking your creative ... ok , wow , stop . ultimatum is definitely going to lose him . if not now , then eventually . actually , can people just stop using them entirely ? don't even check someone's type to see if it's ok . people ... found this : entp lunatic | oddly developed types and thought it was pretty cool . but it begs the question , how would you actually survive an apocalyptic scenario ? think of this thread as a ... well no , because the thing i fear is being in excruciating pain and then dead , haha . if just the freedom aspect was the issue , then life imprisonment would be hypothetically worse , right ? your ... what ? the idea of losing your freedom is your worst fear ? i'm sorry , but your creativity seems to be lacking . my worst fear is having all my fingers and toes eaten by velociraptors one by one , and ... geez , i totally agree , a clean up is in order . younger entps seem to use the love and hate threads to show off all the reasons that make them assholes . stick : ideas and stream of consciousness ... i'm sure we've all come up with our own ideas that we unfortunately just can't seem find proper justification for anywhere else . well here's a thread to let your brainchild run loose and see if it ... aha maybe you should magic up one of your lists to get more of the entps in on this . this thread was a great idea , haha hahaha my goodness ! this is a beautifully crafted string of insults . not kidding , i think i'm in love . and was that a shakespeare reference ? quite the catch , i must say . haha , are you looking for a list ? it's definitely a great blessing to have had the chance to see the world . i like to think that it's expanded my perspective on life . also , i totally ooze ... haha , well i'm 19 and i've traveled to every continent except antarctica , as well as 23 different countries . what's your point ? underachiever means to me that you're performing beneath what you're ... i'm sure you meant ' never understood ' as something that all humans experience due to their nature as complex and varied individuals . people don't even fully understand themselves , so it's almost ... wow , i'm impressed ! unfortunately uxdork your lone link to the google search results for skeptic jesus isn't going to fly , haha . christians and atheists can at least agree that your response is ... well , it might be cool to take him as one of our own , but i don't know if i can totally agree with jesus the entp . everyone gets pissed off at hypocrisy , i thought . i'm with you in saying that a lot ... i really don't understand what's happening in this thread . i'll agree that ub argues weirdly for an entp . also , i'm not going to count , but you seemed to use the word ' disingenuous ' enough times to ... i see how an argument for ntps being better at scrabble could be made , but personally , i much prefer chess . the way i play , it's all about looking at how different scenarios will play out and then ... yes . but you know what's worse ? baby poop . has the consistency and colour of smooth peanut butter . often has hard chunks in it thanks to their weaker digestive system . smells horrible ... fight me . skub ranks below baby vomit and just barely above smooth peanut butter . ah , i see . nothing i disagree with then , all things being equal . i was thinking more practically that rarely in life are all things so even . i would like to see proof of this , actually . the idea makes some sense intuitively , in that having a different focus will tend to make you better at dealing with that sort of information than someone ... he falls under the creepy ones , rather than evil slytherins , haha . sorry , sorry . scrap my idea . let's go with yours , haha every single death eater , and even dolores umbridge the most hated woman on the planet , was a slytherin . slytherin is almost entirely made up of either totally evil , or entirely creepy people . is ... oh , you're the guy who subscribes to the socionics dual isfp or mbti isfj being an entp's best match , right ? i'm pretty sure there are a few threads on that topic too , and mostly how it doesn't work ... i'm not sure how well my views correlate with type , but regret is for weaker people , no ? it's being anxious about things that have already happened , which to me seems pointless in the extreme . don't ... hahaha , i wouldn't worry too much . stuff like this will still vary from person to person , regardless . i make a point of not challenging deeply held beliefs unless it's getting in my way or is harmful ... legends tell of a time before time , a world inhabited by the others ; people who looked entp to the eye , but whose mind and behaviour was as varied as it was strange . stories and myths passed down ... thissiteisdictatorship by all means , i respect your right to leave . but i thought i should just point out that the ban on digitalbum is apparently only for a month . it'd be sad to see you go : sad : ... ah , crap . i've totally just snookered myself into thanking anything posted on this thread from now on . wow , i think i've given like 15 thanks in total ? alright wait , let me fix that . if you could choose to be an animal , and have a superpower , what would your superpowered animal be ? good points by everyone . i would like to build on the idea that the definition of ' intelligence ' in this case is an nt concept , which is to say iq and ga tests are just geared towards testing what ... that's sort of the point . these are supposed to be the statistics for a new generation where the distribution has undergone a shift . also , i believe that people may be typing others as esfjs way ... skimmed quickly over and i thought the title read : ' are any of you entps perverted extroverts ? and i was wondering if that meant being overtly perverted in humour and behaviour . that would've been ... in my experience , every single isfj i've met are right up there as some of the nicest people i've had the pleasure of knowing . infjs are a little more hit and miss . and i have noticed that nfs i'm ... pelopra just gotta say , love your avatar . paranatural is the best webcomic on the net . and can we have invasions semi-regularly ? an infj invasion may be fun , but entjs are sorta smug in thinking ... the glass is a figment of my imagination . and so are all of you . i subscribe to solipsism . the idea that everything exists only in the mind : tongue : '