' thank you ! this answer is more along the lines of what i'm looking for . sent from my lg-d 415 using tapatalk heh , yeah i noticed .. i guess none of them really answer the questions i'm looking for . that or they're a bit too in depth for me . i'm looking for clear behavior differences ; say in relationships , ... haha , epic response . but don't think i'm 100 % clueless because of the simplicity of the question . :P i tried to make it as broad , yet narrow as i could . just curious , but what are some distinguishing factors between infj and infp ? obviously the feeling inversion and the judging vs perceptive , but what really sticks out that makes them different , ... it's the thought that counts . ;) i'm a good roommate ! but nah , i can't . :P i've been there , though ... freakin roommates man ... thanks for the feedback , guys . definitely feeding my abstract way of piecing things together ! :) winegums pretty much what i expected , just can't find a clear resemblance of the symbolism used ... it definitely will be ! :) the first three years of my current relationship was long distance , so i know how hard it can be just waiting . but it's so much more worth it . always . and that's a neutral , long term approach . i give deep connection a lot of input , so i always sort of expect the same . unfortunately , i think this is where my own perfectionism causes a lot of ... thanks for the broad input ! in terms of association , i completely understand that deep down , it's a personal view of myself . i guess i just assumed negativity cause i'm not sure what the ... i don't recall ever having a negative image of myself or any traits , however i've always known i was different from most kids i interacted with . i've always been pretty firm on who i was , even ... exactly . :) just different words . i have a hard time projecting my thoughts , sometimes . the downside of an intuitive mind . D: all of these , so much ! in short , i'd say infj is an ideal match for a broad spectrum . unfortunately , it's not mutual from our point of view because we're so easily misunderstood and it's very rare to find someone on an ... that was early high school ! :D if you're referring to my avatar , anyway .. i've had a few dreams like yours where it's just a situation i imagine myself in . but it's no different than when i sit ... 284962 that infj stare ... so pronounced , even at such a young age . :P 284970 yet , it sticks for life . so , this is something i've always found very curious . not alarming ; curious . i rarely remember my dreams but when i do , they are extremely vivid and have a feel of detachment . usually reoccurring ... i can normally tell by the end of a real conversation ; not just small talk . if i really like the person and can feel a special connection , i let them know when i feel like they're understanding me ... if you're confused about your type , try answering the questions from a neutral perspective , relative to you . which means don't put your current emotions into context with the situation described in ... not at all ! :) you just want to share the moment with the person you're romantically attached to . right ? :) the motivation is the deep connection i have with that friend that trumps over my other friendships . sex drive sparked by physical appearance ( or lust in my perspective ) doesn't motivate ... i guess this is more what i was trying to say . i'm very unlikely to go on a one night stand , but casual sex with close friends i connect with is considered . though not through lust , which is most ... yes . although to get to the sex level in general , i have to be comfortable with the person in terms of their judgement and perception of me ; so someone who understands me , rather than who is ... 283642 photo taken of me while apparently trying to spread mayonnaise , but being interrupted by deep thought . i swear , i was damn near the drool phase ! haha , yes ! it always does come to me , though . somehow .. o . o or your mind does this for a second : oops , double post . i've been meaning to look into my own enneagram and the meanings of them in general . i just never seem to have time lately to look in to my interests . i'll look in to it at some point , though for ... you know you're infj when you post a novel in response to a simple question or idea that you find interesting or could potentially be insightful . i do this uncontrollably . :P as if it's an ... seems to me they weren't very diplomatic . wonder why that is . i deeply strive for knowledge on why something is or how something works . no matter what , i tend to approach situations in a diplomatic ... i think what pushes our buttons most is we are strongly driven by our own morality . on top of that , if something questions our motives ( our morality ) , that's where the self defense mechanisms kick ... i do this when i don't find connections . which make me curious about outside opinions , so i see it as balancing to my motives . :) if that makes sense .. my point , exactly . :) that's the beauty of perspective . this is what i was talking about , exactly . i find meaning in helping people and find pleasure in solving any problem . in these circumstances , there's only so much you can help with since everyone ... don't get the impression i'm against you here ; but , everyone takes a relative stance . so anyone can be ' wrong ' in terms of motives in relation to other people . thank you ! i always find asking ' stupid ' questions gets you the best answers ! :D sorry if that sounds sarcastic ; it's not intentional . i appreciate all the info . hmm . i'm not sure , really . i'd assume since i don't get enough melatonin ( also an assumption ) , that i don't actually reach rem sleep . hence not feeling refreshed , not remembering dreams , not ... i've always assumed it was lack of melatonin . i used to not be able to wake up to alarms , or loud abrupt sounds . i also never feel ' recharged ' or refreshed when i wake up . my personal interpretation is that you fear what you are doing isn't enough ; as you said . i really wish i could give good insight here but i don't have much experience on the topic , seeing as i ... i always feel giddy when i do that ! :D to the clothes thing : comfortable in terms of feel , or in terms of appearance ? if in terms of feel , then i'm the same in that aspect , too . suit and tie ? ... a better way to sum up myself ... thanks . :) sharpestnife .. very clever name , by the way .. just got it . ;) seems to me she is flirting back , based on similarities that my girlfriend does . especially the tick on the arm ; implying you to ... for real ! especially the bolded sentence . like trying to calmly workout a conflict and as they're explaining themselves , they lose it and raise their voice or speed up their talking . this irritates ... oh my god , yes . these are pretty much spot on with qualities that seriously get to me ; rational or not . yes . for sure . i personally believe it's because we have a hard time seeking counselling for ourselves about our deepest morality-oriented problems .. but , i'm very open to other opinions since i ... i guess i find it easier if i am in control off certain situations , but it's never my motive and often gives me a sense of awkwardness . that's interesting . so it's typical , not definite ? and taking control of it meaning in general ; not in any particular direction ? just trying to better understand it . i find asking basic questions causes a bombardment ... that's exactly what i'm saying ; i'm cool with it . :P other sources say we aren't . this has always confused me slightly . apparently infjs care a lot about their appearance . i personally don't want to look horrifying , but i'm okay with going to wal mart in my byte me pjs with ... i haven't knowingly met another infj in person , nor have i met anyone else who shares all ( or most ) of my characteristics . but i think the thing that sticks out most about myself is my down-to-earth ... i'm in a current 5 year relationship with an isfj . the chemistry itself ( the way it formulates ) is rapid and sporadic , which in my opinion is amazing .. but cause problems on a long term basis . our ... '