- black bean / guacamole / diced tomato / onion / wheat tortilla burrito - 2 oranges - a banana - bowl of spinach - 2 kashi blueberry waffles w / a tbsp of maple syrup and blueberries ( best waffles ... i can practically feel the underlying resentment radiating through my screen in your posts about sees , lol . don't have any cute stories about how a hypnotist changed my life or anything , but you might find this interesting . i remember once , years ago , i curled up in bed and listened to a hypnosis video ... if you were an isfp you'd possess emotional intelligence with regards to other people . you've hurt my esfp feewings too many times for that to even be a possibility . < / 3 i mean , if you're any example , totally . :p roud : disagree . the majority of people who don't vote just don't know enough about the candidates ' policies to make an educated decision . making it mandatory would only increase the number of ignorant ... we're all mutants ! edit : i think the average mutation count for a person is about 60 total divergences from their parents somewhere in their dna . pretty cool huh ! you forgot the many-faced god ! D:< it's my favorite . of course i'm gonna pick the religion where you get to wear other people's faces and become them . oh trust me , it was quite a bit . the oatmeal bowl and smoothie were both huge and i ate like 2/3 of the pizza which was slightly smaller than regular pizza-sized . i feel like now i should post ... wtf am i a cow or what , most of you guys eat like half the amount i do in a day . - overnight oatmeal ( oats , water , almondmilk , blueberries , walnuts , cinnamon , vanilla extract ) - black coffee - ... oh i'd be annoyed too . not necessarily because the noise of huffing and puffing is hard to tolerate but more so because it's just bitchy behavior . i'm book smart and am slowly improving upon my street smarts . i have the common sense of a cheesecake though so it's a slow process . in general , i think open communication is best when dealing with people like this . if you're in a position where you can talk to them about it politely but forwardly , and give them a little insight ... i remember distinctly that a person on this forum accused me of being an alcoholic cause i was esfp once . ... and they appeared to be drunk judging by the nature of their writing . that , or they ... i'm not trying to sound condescending whatsoever , so i'm sorry if this does . but you've probably been doing something wrong if it's been 3 years and you still haven't been able to secure a decent ... out of curiosity , what is your degree in ? i could name at least 5 reasons why this is poor reasoning , one being that the average college graduate makes about twice as much money over their lifetime compared to those who don't go to college ... se doms and ne doms all tend to flirt often , but se doms take the cake in my experience ( especially for intentional flirting ) . i'm really direct when i flirt . i like to say things to shake people ... i see extreme feminists / man-haters and the mgtow crowd as all being in the same boat . they fling shit at each other and alienate the opposite sex until it just pisses everyone off . give it up ... wait , he was fired just because he didn't use his vacation time ? seems like there'd have to be something else going on that he's not telling you . i'm an se dom and roller coasters make me wanna die every time i'm forced to stand in line for them , lmao . i don't want to sound like i'm bragging ( probably going to anyway ) , but i know the entry requirements of vet school and they won't be an obstacle at this point : o i'm also not doing it for the ... it's been so long since i've seen princess mononoke ( which i think is where she's from ? ) that i couldn't tell you . all i remember is that i empathized with mononoke somehow , don't even remember why . something about that last post i quoted tells me you don't believe in god , lmfao . : laughing : this made me cry laughing . god , humans are strange and enigmatic creatures . i've definitely noticed a huge difference among mbti types that seem to be rooted in enneagram . i don't know about using functions differently ; i suppose it would depend on what you mean by using ... degree : biochemistry mbti : esfp do you actually like it / would you rather be doing something else ? : i could go into a lot of detail on this that would make this into a very long post , but i'd argue that i've become pretty good at distinguishing fi / te vs . ti / fe in people in my personal life . it's a ... wait , esfp was really listed least likely to be a tomboy ? that's surprising to me , i feel like many esfp gals i know are tomboyish or even straight up masculine in their personalities . 18 introversion ( i ): 11 versus extroversion ( e ): 13 sensing ( s ): 9 versus intuition ( n ): 7 thinking ( t ): 10 versus how badly i want to leave this forum but simultaneously all the good people i've met on it and how badly i want to reach 1,000 posts : frustrating : i'm a perceiver that works harder than most j types i know . the difference i've noticed between me and my hardworking j friends is that they like to stick close to a schedule . i just decide i'm ... this is the wrong forum for this : o but i have the lexical-gustatory kind ; if you want to pm me or mention in a thread , i'll give details . jello shots ... ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) oh yeah , and i should add that for whatever reason , i blush really easily . i blush when i'm really mad , i blush during sex , i blushed when i used to get embarrassed , i even blush when i'm out in the ... i used to be really easily embarrassed around the time i hit puberty but i hate the feeling of it so much that i made the choice at some point to just stop feeling embarrassed : ' 3 i haven't felt ... kk well i feel like i can't stfu on this thread but i have more to say goddamnit i think we're starting to forget what intuitive / sensor means . intuitives are more out of touch with the tangible ... brightflashes i've definitely noticed it getting better , actually . i've only been around for a year before you , but i recall it being much worse in that time . this is an actual quote that exists ... you are so cute ! ! ! : kitteh : i think you'll like this community , just stay away from the jerks . they're everywhere , but you'll get good at avoiding them the longer you're here . other than that ... ixtj type most likely to be jealous in a relationship branchmonkey you give me definite infj vibes , and i've known quite a few infjs in my life : tongue : i have to be real with you here , i don't think that everything you guys talked about is an enfp thing and i actually see a few red flags regarding mental health status in this text . i do think ... kk i'm back with more dora you're a kindred spirit and i really like you as a person handsome jack most of your posts are informative or opinionated and i usually agree with those , and ... no but even if i did i wouldn't tell you cause you intimidate me : sad : < / 3 refined and gentlemanly exterior , hilarious and fluffy interior : kitteh : well that's what i call brutal honesty , lmfao . the temperature in this thread just dropped 20 degrees f .