things moved pretty fast initially ... but at the same time really slowly with me ^ ^ we got together pretty much immediately after meeting each other xd it's been a little over a year now ... but ... helloo i have been dating an enfj for almost a year now . and ... well its wonderful =) we are different enough , that even though it's been a year in it still feels new . we are also similar ... yeah ... i definitely keep my shit on the down low ... if i want someone to know , i don't have the courage to express clearly and feel guilty about doing so , and i just secretly wish they will figure ... what attracts me most to him ... his smile xd , i just find he is super talented , witty , funny , clever ... and he makes me feel good ! at first it was a little offsetting how breezy he was ... but i see ... my enfj is pretty freakin rad , haha . it's funny beacause we have sorta the same ideals and feelings towards thing , but from a totally different prespective . i feel like there is a lot about him i ... wowowowowowowowowow xd i just want to tell somebody about him , about this xp i don't know where to start though ... there is so much ! ! ! do you have any questions about what the infp enfj ... oooh im with an enfj . and i worry that i am too quiet ... and when i try hard to be talkative , it feels so fake , and i don't want him to get the wrong impression of me agghhh interested to hear yall's ... aw ... this all sounds to familiar it's great xd . my enfj doesn't like conflict , and he has never said it but i know he values my comfort over whatever he wants out of the relationship ... but ... i often feel that my enfj thinks that he gets me completely ... which really annoys me , but i'll never say it . i know this won't change his mind =/ i have similar experiences with sleep paralysis ! it actually happens to me much more frequently than lucid dreaming which doesn't happen often . each experience is a little different from the other ... can be inderectly condencending ... in a way that in which i was to explain the situation to others , it actually doesn't sound that condensending ... but i see through the subtleness xd mm ... afraid ... when i first read the infp description i felt soo ... just ... relieved . i felt wonderful , and i saw all the traits associated with infps as such great qualities ... but i'm starting to think that ... yeah i get that . i love when people focus their attention to me , notice and recognize me for who i am and my individuality ... but then i feel bad about liking the attention ... and then sometimes i ... i went to japan as a foreign exchange student in high school , and i can honestly say it was the best decision i ever made for myself . i learned so much , had so many amazing experiences . i had so many ... they nick named me two shots in high school ... that should tell you enough . i'm going to vegas for my 21 st in oct tho ... its gunna be the hangover number 3 xd there is none . if there is i will never know it completely , because i'm just a human . everything i think and believe is flawed in some way . i'll never know the answers , and i'll never know lifes ... damn there is some good stuff here ... this is my song hurt =D bernadette conant | singer | songwriter | musician it's so true ... i don't think i've found another type more selfless , and self sacrificing ... all for the sake of love xd is it just me or are there a heck of a lot isfj mothers to nf kids ? ? ? do you think there is some sort of relation , or am a i making a bad observation xd if that's you in the picture you are hot if i were the girl , i'd want you to spend the money on your future ... ah ... this story really shows my infpness ... i think i was more of a textbook infp then than i am now ... anywhoo during my freshman year in english class we all had to write an essay of our future ... i just started dating an enfj ... its like a rolercoaster of feelings all the time . one minute i'm asking myself what the hell am i doing ? why am i even pursing this ? and the next minute i'm thinking ... whatever you think is scary ! ! i personally don't find gory , killer , zombie movies that scary . i like paranormal , shocking , haunting like stuff =D i really wanna watch a scary movie ... what would you recomend ? ... : blushed : go for it . i'm sure this girl is capable of feeling so much love , so in turn she probably guards her feelings well ... you should definitely make the first move ! ! ! don't come on to ... you have similar eyes ! i liked the egg story .. so i've had a couple of creepy things happen to me , but they were all when i was young . nothing mysterious ever happens to me any more t-t i guess i should be thankful ... totally unrelated , and i'm sorry ... but i took this test just now and the results were esfp o_o i've scored infp on every other test i've done i'm freakin out ! ! ! ... anyways ... i have an infj ... has anyone ever told you you look like lady gaga ? i'm guessing yes since baba yaga rhymes with it ... you are so right xd but yeah i went with the home made card :-P i noooop . i alwayz want to ask deez peepz r u ok . r u gunna cry ? ? ? what up bitchezzzzzzz ! ! ! what r u all talking about ? ? ? im 2 buzy chillin w / homiiez 2 reeeead . yaaalll no wat i meaan lmfaoo =P aw . i'm dissapoint there are no responces to this thread ! i love the scary and paranormal =D i'll write some stories down here when i get to a computer >=D there are a lot of isfj parents it seems . my mom is an isfj and my dad is either infp or infj . but anyway my parents divorced a few years ago , and although it's easier to have intellectual ... aw thanks man xd yeah same here ... thank god for booze x ) no , you are crazy . xd naw just kidding , but i feel you . some people are supersensitive like that . even dogs do this . my dog wil go crazy around certain dogs or people , but not others i should totally do this ! ! ! ... but i probably won't xd any songwriters here ? oh . yeah i feel you though ... its like a crisis really . i totally believed in true love and all that stuff you see in disney movies growing up in fact i believed in pretty much everything ... and ... well these girls ... the ones that really like you , but you don't care for as much ... maybe u should try giving them a little more than a week xd maybe your missing out on exactly what you are looking ... oooh cello yes's i agree . i have a cello on one of my recordings ! i'm not playing it tho , i wish . what kind of guitar do you play ? every infp i mean ... damn phone i'd like to play piano as well =D there was one in my old house and i totally wasted the opportunity to learn =/ . can i just say ... every info needs to listen to the sweet sound and words of ray ... i often am thinking and feeling so many thing in my head , but it's all abstract , cluttered , and i can never get it out in words ... but all the friggin time my enfp friends and brother will say these ... woah that is really strange ... i have some of those memories too . i mean i could say they were disturbing ... but there must be another word to describe them , beside weird haha weird ... >=/ ... you guys must have good hearing though because you stay away from loud noises ! ! i'm the exact opposite ... i'm so mean to my ears i'm nearly death now . i'll be on the phone and half the time ... naw , i was in high school , so i could only stay a year . i am def going to look into the esl thing tho =D how long where you abroad for ? i like how we all have ideas about things , but we accept the fact that we just don't know . xd its nice ... im constantly surrounded by people so dead set in their beliefs and they think i'm weak for ...