' what they do is use their skill . much like someone with good knowledge in science may go on to become a biology professor . do they want to show off their knowledge because they're making it public ? ... when i said displaying talent i didn't mean any of these events . i meant selling cds , playing roles in movies & such . publicly using their talent . not that i think these events are for showing off , ... truly talented . i don't think it's really up to anyone to determine who is truly talented . that's a matter of personal opinion . last i checked , the music / movie industry has more to do with making ... ? ? ? what does this have to do ? showing off and displaying your talent in public are two different things . i don't think the article's author meant that intelligence was unattractive . they were most likely pointing out thatshowing off is unattractive , regardless of what the person is showing off . c : in ... probably istp . esfj second choice . no . i mean normally i don't spend much and i find no reason to do so when upset either . when i'm upset i just kinda , find something to get my mind off it . usually go on the computer . loss of control of any type over myself sounds pretty horrific to me . the abandonment of conscience also does . i can't stand the thought that there are people out there who can harm others without ... oh ! if you are looking for music that sounds more like ni , then perhaps blindsided by bon iver ? i suggested lateralus because i think the lyrical content could relate to ni . but i find that the ... oh , too many omg . spencer hastings ( pll ) , luna lovegood ( harry potter ) , amy pond ( doctor who ) & possibly hanji zoe ( snk ) . i am sure there are others . i think in the first two cases the mother should be allowed to make the choice between abortion or not , then . i want to say they should be allowed to make the choice for the third case , too ... but , i ... i'm pro-life in most cases . i think people should start taking responsibility for their own actions . it's not as if they don't know the consequences . maybe you're not technically killing a baby , but ... i always thought lateralus by tool was very ni-dom . i think everyone takes the test because they're good as a starting point . but if , for example , you got a result that you don't think fits you / doesn't match up to your cognitive functions , it's ... 1 . why do you think you are intj ? - because my thought process matches up the functions . that's it , really . also , there are some intj descriptions that i relate to completely . i was questioning a ... mostly yes , when i'm in a good mood ! it's a nice way of showing affection without talking , even with friends . i used to cuddle with my enfp & estj friends often . ah , no . i don't believe in soulmates . it's a really nice concept , even if you tweak the generalized idea a little such as 1 ) the possibility of having multiple soulmates . 2 ) that these soulmates do ... i can't usually go outside at night because of my very paranoid parents , haha . but i do like to stand in front of the house on my own and look at the stars when i can , or maybe put on some music and ... if you think she wants a relationship at the current moment , i think you should tell her so directly at the right time . no beating around the bush , i think intjs are usually intolerant of it . also , i ... the octopus makes me think of enneagram type 5 , but i have no idea why . pilates & astronomy ! the only actual phobia i have is a phobia of worms . i didn't know this until my brother refused to get one out of my room and i got seriously hysterical . but i do have lots of small fears . i don't ... too many . generally i hate responses that don't mean anything at all . such as , oh , or ok . is that all you have to say , really ? i also really dislike it when someone asks me what i'm doing , just ... i don't like the use of the word quality in this topic . i don't understand why my / any intj's ideal topics for conversations should be more quality than anyone else's . but , moving on . i do feel ... when you get upset when someone turns you down on a debate , lol . happens to me all the time , i go all awh seriously in my head :P perhaps not immortality but a longer life span . 100-200 years more than the usual ? i feel immortality would get too lonely and boring after enough time . but with a longer life span one could ... my classmates used to call me the human encyclopedia , haha . funny to me , i don't really think i'm so . my dad also says i actually enjoy arguing . i don't - but he takes it personally if , for ... merry christmas everyone ! :) the year's holidays weren't very special , ah ... i felt sort of nostalgic , even . i think i began to compare to last year's which was much better . at least i got some money ... i don't usually make new year's resolutions . my interests & way of thinking changes throughout the year , and there might be resolutions that have to be cancel out leaving me with , well , nothing haha ... spy : istp villain : inxj rock star : extp knight : istj princess : enfj bodyguard : estj heir to a large company : estj martyr : enfj soldier : istj overprotective parent : esfj bolded / underlined the ones i identified with . hope it helps ! some alone time is definitely a need for me . this was troublesome because my family is very , very close and me wanting to be alone was always taken as a personal offense . but they've gotten better ... i scored a 14/20 . the cheeks and eyes were the most helpful in detecting the fake smiles , i think i typed too many as fake , though . wonder why , lol . typically better at detecting fake smiles in rl ... i think you haven't properly identified the problem here . the issue is not his personality type , nor is it the solution to change his type . he sounds like he's mentally unstable . i think the best ... i always write notes in class , but it's because they pretty much make us haha , since our school doesn't have textbooks . i am a visual learner , though . maybe i'm used to it , but i find the best way ... yes , i think in past years i seemed to them the no-fun-allowed type and it stuck haha . but it doesn't affect me much , so no , i've never made an attempt to change it . i've only watched the tv series , so i wasn't sure who clarice was ! looked her up though and apparently she'll be in upcoming seasons ... i should watch out for that . :-) ohh , alright , i see . see if ... “ the answer to the great question ... of life , the universe and everything ... is ... forty-two , ' said deep thought , with infinite majesty and calm . the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy , one of my ... i'm very fond of the hannibal series - which has dr . hannibal lecter ( intj ) & will graham * infj ) . the dynamic is fantastic , and it has such a clever plot ! and off-topic here but , for bbc's ... i have a small group of friends that i'm usually around but i don't consider any of them best friends . the only person i would call my best friend is a guy i met in band two years ago . he's an enfp ... i scored true neutral as well . scored highest in neutral in all the fields . so , very neutral :P i suppose is might relate to this more , if anyone at all . this is a problem i always struggle with after school breaks - thanksgiving , winter , summer , etc . the longer i'm away , the worse it is . i ... hey there , welcome to the boards : ) i am also a type 4 intj . 4w3 with sp / sx c : not an easy task at all ! i recently did a really thorough clean-up of my room and threw out several things i didn't need or wasn't using . except for the books - i always think i will probably ... hesitated to post here at first since i am not an expert with mbti . :P i would suggest that you read about / take a test on the cognitive functions . type is not always clear by reading about the ... my goal in life is to someday become a professional then have my own family , be stable & happy . my current goal is to finish my high school education and get out of this crappy town i live in , haha ... i have more male friends than female friends , yes . while i'm in school & band i prefer talking to the guys in general . i find that at least the ones i hang around don't talk about topics i don't care ... it's normal to be distracted by youtube videos and video games on occasion , though it can become a problem when it interferes with your goals / more important matters . i'd say if you dedicated some ... '