' according to this i changed from an aries to a pisces . i never really identified with being an aries since apparently we are all really hot blooded or something ( i won't deny i'm rather loud ... root : under-active ( - 62 % ) sacral : under-active ( - 6 % ) navel : under-active ( - 12 % ) heart :op en ( 19 % ) throat :op en ( 19 % ) third eye :op en ( 44 % ) ... i laugh at almost everything ! although my favorites are inside jokes and when people are scolding each other for fun with no harm done , those kinds can make me laugh till my stomach hurts :) :) trying to shoulder the burden all by yourself ? don't be a stranger . weep and ask for help . lean on me with your runny nose . cry when you feel like crying . laugh when you feel like laughing . when ... 575730 5757 38 575746 * raises hand * looking at the threads here , occasionally there is something different between me and every other infj here.but i take it as something amazing to know , you get to know the thoughts of ... i always had the interest to travel since around 5 years ago.went to langkawi and climbed a hill and found a waterfall with my family.it was nice actually seeing one in person , it kinda felt like i ... i lip sync to songs no matter where i am ( or talk to myself ) , i have invited many stares doing this haha . and i forget things easily , the most common example is me placing my stuff .. say in the living ... my personal favorites are - your lie in april ( this was so good ) - boku no hero academia - gintama ( and this too ) - noragami - arslan senki hiking and swimming are my two favourites , but i can never find the time to do it . i do enjoy team sports in general too , especially basketball , but i'm literally a phantom , nobody passes to me and ... i have an entp friend who i get along with quite well , but he can be really annoying , dense , overbearing or any of them at the same time . he can be a really nice guy though , just that getting into any ... this . i find myself being quite an asshole mostly for my honesty.but i never let those thoughts out , unless i'm asked for my honest opinion , which is brutal . i do stop at some point though , once my brain ... dark , but i rarely drink coffee.its usually teas or milo . i try not to , i made a habit of swearing a few years ago so i just blurt out some f * * * you in the heat of the moment from time to time now ( bu i think i still do quite a bit of firing swear words ... the small little things people do to help both discreetly and openly , even if its picking up something on the floor someone else dropped as i observed from a distance . or whenever my neighbour plays ... my dad's probably an istp and my mom's an enfp . i'm still not sure about my siblings but my closest friend is probably an infp . nah , i like the concept and would love to play the game but i also think it might comsume too much of my time ( and other reasons ) . besides , there are other things to indulge in for me to play it : x ... always the good guy , i can never bring myself to be a bad guy.unless i really need to make an evil decision of some sort then i'll do it but the chances are 1 in ( the biggest number you thought ) . but ... i usually get up 5-10 minutes after waking up on average.then i just take my time to shower and prepare breakfast . unless i have plans in the morning then i wake up an hour or more + travel time ... kazuma i find myself thinking people are so ironic it kills me a lot . _ . witnessing his post made me ponder the emotions she felt were genuine but yet maybe a good-willed facade to hide the past . every thought a hypothesis , yet none proven . the only thought that pushed ... from the top of my head , bridge to teribithia ? some high-school , well , secondary school . i'm technically taking my grad exams this year so .. i guess i shouldn't have voted this early since its not my highest yet ... whoops ? right now cs and league , although i rarely play'em since i have no mood or time.right now my mind is only set on playing final fantasy xv after my exams and maybe overwatch , just maybe :/ infj in singapore ! unfortunately not many people know of mbti or anything related in my country , i suppose the closest is their horoscopes :/ so no , i don't really talk about mbti to people i know , at ... singapore i love music , but its rather hard for me to find a song i like . _ . the only music artists i like are those who consecutively made songs that i feel are great , other than that , i do remember artists ' ... there's no short-cut to becoming strong . even if you try to look strong on the outside , that thin layer will soon fall off . - shinpachi infj aries sun , pisces moon , sagittarius rising . rabbit water i find myself always having something incredibly significant to say , only to keep my mouth shut and when i finally want to , the conversation has gone to a whole other topic lol . other than that , i tend ... machiavellian score -50/100 the graph given in my score though , i'm slightly surprised that most score on the 60-70 percentile.slightlyyy narcissism : 1.3 machiavellianism : 1.4 psychopathy : 1.2 starcraft 2 , cs : go and league . and i'm looking forward to final fantasy xv :) i only make promises when i know i can manage them ( like you :p ) i can't bear with having a promise i made being broken , its like having a slogan i'll make everyone happy in this world and not ... i usually give a huge smile or laugh hahahas really quickly ( or something vaguely similar to palpatine's laugh , courtesy of icy heart haha ) and like a evil mastermind ( well that's what my friends said ... pretend this didn't exist and my reply is below this one . x ) 1 . ) at first glance how do you appear to people ? quiet ? non-existent or something like that . i was in the same class as my friend for 5 years and she didn't notice i was in her class until the 3rd ... i've always wanted to learn the piano but i have never committed myself to learn an instrument completely . i picked up the guitar and quit 4 months into it , which kinda makes me not want to learn how ... i would like to travel alone sometime in the future , but travelling with someone whom shares my interests is better imo :p i have a friend who loves travelling and has the same interests as me , all ... its either a jackpot or a complete miss , no in between . : x yeah , recently my teacher did a introduction lesson and i was required to name my hobbies . in which i had no idea lol . i could only say photography but that was what i wanted to do in the future . i ... my dream room will be a lil big and it won't feel crowded . it will be on the upper floor ( doesn't really matter that much but i prefer it ) and it'll be facing the setting sun.it would be nice if ... i scored a 13 . i got 70 feminine over 50 masculinity over another test i found on this forum if memory serves correct and female infjs scored most probably am.coincidence ? lol my best friend , but very rarely . i usually try to comprehend my thoughts myself , although i seldom tell her even when i can't .. lol . it'll most likely be an all new cast , i find it hard to do a direct sequel anyways ! although i hope they have them return in some way ! like casually strolling in the background :) life is strange is an amazing game , i never played it myself but i watched pewds play through it . it was like watching a movie to me ! also , i was reading an article somewhere and below it , there was ... just a shirt and jeans.though i want to adopt a jacket into the mix soon.something like this 469210 lakigigar fluorine yeap i'm an infj , i'm going to change my personality back to infj now .. haha lakigigar i feel like saying intj ? but your type is infp but you might've changed it sooo idk . well here's mine 464242 shiroe-log horizon 464250 tsunashi takuto-star driver 464258 sunakawa ... '