' i give up , get bored , don't pursue it further . i'm not good at anything because i lack the self discipline to keep pursuing it . i don't have the drive . its all in my mind , but that's the problem i ... i live my life with no one , for no one without anyone . i'm alone . i live with my mom , and siblings , who all hate me . the only things that ever cross my mind anymore are how can i improve , these last ... i've always found myself trapped in this frame of mind where i think about the possibilities and outcomes of things that i want to do . it always centers around the way people perceive me . lately i'm ... everyone thinks they have something to offer . i think putting names to our thoughts is so unfun haha . to me naming things puts a hault to the thoughts , when in reality , we should embrace our thoughts ... example of intuition in my life . i don't have to count the amount of change i'm giving someone , because when i look at it , i just know how much is there . or a traffic light , just looking at it , the ... some people they say they want to live in the moment . which in my opinion is a pretty easy thing to do , although hard for me , but what i'm trying to say is , to live in the moment is to not question ... 1 ) don't tell him there are other girls . 2 ) i don't feel the same way 3 ) be cool and don't make it awkward , be honest , but make sure you tell him you don't like him that way . to me this place is sort of like a giant thought bubble . people share their perspectives and we can relate those opinions / ideas to how we view the world . honestly , i don't really go through my day ... i'm a strong believer , although i find it hard sometimes to actually cope . i could attribute that to a lack of actually fully learning from things . however , it is still ingrained into who i am ... i think my sig speaks for itself . lots goes into it . how confident you are , words you use , how much you know about what your speaking of , even asking questions to the other person . people like to be ... that sounds magical . i don't know , but i wish i knew more women like you . i agree with this . except i hate when people start to say certain things like me . then i gotta change to not seem like them . i don't think i lack discipline . just not the right means to an end . i only gain discipline when i learn to do things my own way . i have trouble with authority , when they get up in my grill . i've found there's multiple kinds of ' down-and-out ' or at least that ' type ' of person . for example , i work at a fast food place , now , those people are ' down-and-out ' but they are not the type of ... the past 6 months of my life have been crazy . i haven't felt more alive than at any other point in my life , the old ways of me seem to be leaving . i still run into problems though , i can't make the ... that's exactly how i feel . we're each blessed with a specific talent that we can use . these natural affinities can be broad and prospective , and are always changing . really in the end , you can only ... no . i just am . haha say wha ? i say never narrow anything down . that's just being narrow minded . perhaps you should spend time developing a particular style , but i would never ever limit the mediums i used . variety is ... what do you do in the military ? or is it ' top secret . ' i've always thought i'd get kicked out if i ever joined the military . i've already gotten 3 written warnings at work for insubordination lol . that's probably true . but those dominant features can also get you out of a lot of shit . people respect and understand when you're in tune with your emotions . not to mention , being an infp carries a ... your family sister - she's an enfp , she's the funniest person i know rest of family - i'll speak my opinion , but usually come off as a snarky asshole . i tend to always speak my mind around them ... exactly op , i get closed off and distant like i have no opinion . it so strange though , it's like in a classroom i can have trouble talking because my brain is so distracted by the people around me ... love . because love is a major part of my career . if you can even call it a career ... more like a way of life . in real terms , love is much more worthwhile . the only estj's i've known are unhealthy people . they formed my opinion on them as being complete assholes that go out of their way to be assholes . in reality , they just view the world from a much ... yeah most def an enfp . you're explaining your feelings outwardly . enfps are so cool . i don't really feel that way . i see myself more as a person who only cares about himself . i'm really self absorbed , vain . hmm , my role in my household , isn't really there . i want the world , but i ... because being introverted is what all the cool kids do .  i wish i could dance all the time and experience emotion more frequently . 1 ) sitting outside thinking , enjoying the weather 2 ) listening to some new music , that i may fall in love with 3 ) improving my talking skills 4 ) experiencing something new in the ever flowing essence ... what ? ! who told you this ? ! i say plug into both . and become enlightened ! off topic ! you were perfectly on topic . your thoughts and how they are drawn out into the plain of physical reality . is the ... find a new routine . change your mental attitude . smoking isn't bliss , it's horrible horrible pain . next time you light one up , look down as you spark and the cigarettes lights , close your eyes after ... similar experience of looking at someone and seeing a deep personal trauma happened to me today . this man came into work , to pick up his daughter , my co-worker . i take a glance at him , and when he ... life is fucking crazy . how did you find your way to personality cafe ? it all started back when i was a young wippersnapper ... * insert intense rambaling * and so that's how the south won the civil ... i can be an incredibly sad person . who would date me ... ? it seems the women i want are the ones i can't have . i can't settle for emotional detachment , but that's what i have . i can't live in a ... i know what it's like to want to die . i know what the feeling is to want to put a gun to your head and pull the trigger . but you know , that's was all such a small part of my thinking . there's so ... haha well put ! why can't life work out the way we want ... no that's exactly why i made the post ! what i say are simply my thoughts . if you feel they're true , or partially true , then awesome . if you can give more insight and perspective that's exactly what ... assumptions are the bain of my existence . at the same time , i'm everything i am with the intuitive perception of the world . just don't rush things , if i've learned anything , it's take your time , but ... that's dangerous man . you might get stuck like that . haha exactly , i don't want to say i'm bitter , but rather the experience of communication on the internet is heavy but not totally applicable . it doesn't carry over to reality the same way it would if i ... in the age of technology and information . we are surrounded by unreality , insincerity , fakeness . in order to seperate the unreality from the reality , we must first define what reality is . reality ... yeah , i'd say so . my brain , and i think i can assume most infp brains , work on a completely different specturm then minds most commonly thought of as ' normal . ' for me i think in words , and thoughts , ... yeah haha , there's this horrible person at my work . yesterday when i walked passed her , minding my own business , i felt this insatiable urge to block my face , because i got this feeling she wanted to ... damn man , good post . put my feelings into words ! huh , i love life . you know as much as i dislike the negative emotions , events , experiences , i must admit they are beautiful in their own way . i worked all day , and had school all day . i feel great ... i finally came to the acceptance that i'm a lonely person . you know i've always said that yeah , i'm alone , but i never truly felt that true depressing loneliness . i thought i had , but you know it ... '