' what i'm noticing is that this thread is on the front page and still has a glaring , eye-poking , hideous grammar mistake in its title . someone ? anyone ? bueller ? jackparrish abraxas i really enjoyed reading your posts . 37905 i really do . i suppose . it's irritatingly poetic how one's main advantage ( in my case being goal-oriented ) is also one's downfall . while my current state is not pleasant at all there is also the other side : ... i have neither plan nor purpose anymore and the existential crisis caused by that is slowly driving me crazy . the op sounds like an infomercial . if i apply in the next 15 minutes , will there be a free set of kitchen knives in it for me ? ( ? ? ) so he can find one , and hunt her down , obviously . i'll send you a pm ; it's mostly fandom chatter and fangirling , nothing worthwhile , really :P edit : this one's fun says who ? i have a tumblr and know plenty of nt's there . a shiny pokemon . so you can club them and drag them off into your cave ? you scored as meditative atheist you are completely at peace with your place in the cosmos because of your philosophical mindset . you may be a buddhist , new ager , or something similar , but you are ... leonard's mother from tbbt i think that reliance on a religion ( or any dogma ) to make decisions and form opinions shows a basic weakness of character . the refusal to take responsibility for your life and actions and to see the ... the enpfs posting here recently are ruining enfps for me * broods * well , doesn't that just put a cherry of joyness on my triple-chocolate rainbow sundae . it's a privilege , not a duty . protip : try working on your capitalization , punctuation , and overall grammar . popinjay  that sounds very interesting . can you recommend me any books on those topics you find useful ? you say self interest like it's a bad thing . i kinda have a crush on the governor of our national bank . he won the award for best central bank governor of europe and the best central bank governor of the world in 2008 * dreamy sigh * he's an ... it's basically a simplified representation of the karma principle . since this thread got resurrected i just have to continue the never-ending house question . i've debated intj / intp for a long time and this is the post that convinced me in favor of intp : the alec ... i'm still waiting to use cornucopia . not worth it . aren't they tho ? every time i watch americans rebuild houses after hurricanes i can't help but think about the three little pigs story . eh . i give it 4/10 . very emotionally colored and plain wrong on many points . mick beth we don't try to write all scientific . we like to convey our ideas clearly and be as specific as possible . specificity is the soul of all good communication . + 1 whatever for ? why should i ? i don't think so . hm . and with a faint sarcastic undertone : really ? sure it is . we did those things in our linguistics class for extra credit ! fun ^ ^ i figured most intjs would be sapiosexual . not sure what you mean by beth-ish but deep inside i'm quintessentially british so it bleeds over into by clothing style . 2274622745 22747 2270622707 2270822709 22710 i'm also going with ' adorable ' . ... this thread is pure gold . i watched and liked most films people mentioned , saving the rest for the summer . off the top of my head : hard candy , ghost world , innocence ( 2004 ) , heavenly creatures , the ... ... love is reverence , and worship , and glory , and the upward glance . not a bandage for dirty sores . but they don't know it . those who speak of love most promiscuously are the ones who've never felt ... why do intjs think so highly of infps ? i don't think we do , actually * shrugs * i quite like enfps , but that's pretty much it . i like everything about that picture . probably because i'm also a green eyed , bespectacled , gingerish , freckled chick in green . + 1 narcissism the op has been reading too much pride and prejudice . possibly because i spend too much time with infps . hopefully their wondrous whimsy isn't contagious . at first i wanted to put love instead of like , but it sounded too gushy , wishy-washy , new agey ( and i didn't want to get answers like ' i love myself all day long , baby ;) ' ) , so let's say ' really , ... irony - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia hyperbole definition of hyperbole in the free online encyclopedia . social paranoia , obsessing about what other people think about you sounds like errant fe , which would make you an intp . intjs in general don't care what other people think of them unless it's it ... oh god ... i did the same thing ( the pen stabbing ) although it wasn't a date . he sat really close to me , trying to get me to agree to a date and he kept touching me : angry : i did warn him ... three ... '