' i know a lot of intjs and have seen what you've described and my first reaction was no but as i was explaining why it changed into a hmm well maybe ( just not as pronounced ) i've seen both intjs and ... husband ? people still get married ? we kind of touched base on the topic . neither of us believe in marriage . living in sin yes ... eventually , if things go that far . it is far too premature to say . had a date tonight ... was second one . he cooked me steak and then rubbed my feet for 2 hours as we watched a movie . he's good looking , smart , and has a stable job . i had a good time , but it was ... i think i'd find some small group to associate myself with ( just like 4 or 5 people ) just because it would be nice to sleep without worrying about being eaten . initially i wouldn't like killing ... someone tried to intellectually bully me the other day . i believe in schooling such folks in what happens when you mess with the wrong person . i very calmly ripped them to shreads with a very ... i wouldnx 92t call myself a natural leader . ix92m not a follower either and as i walk to the tune of my own drummer sometimes that is mistook as leadership qualities . i only take the lead when ... 1 . do you think that lying is immoral / wrong ? most times 2 . in what situations would it be considered okay to lie ? sometimes i do it so i won't hurt someone's feelings or if i just want to be ... my glasses broke about 2 years ago and i was quite content seeing the world blurry . i finally stopped procrastinating and ordered a pair that i pick up in 2 weeks . i got grey transitional lenses so ... i'll echo this . i have a pretty normal sex drive i think . i just can go long periods without because its rare for me to have sex outside a monogamous relationship . ok fine , if we scaled down the cost , mr . gray still did not have feed / stable the horse for a period of time prior to his harvest . the feed , space , and sweat equity involved still makes him make out ... ok , i didn't read the rest of the answers but my ex father in-law owned a farm with cattle and horses . depending on the type of horse it can cost anywhere from about $ 90 to $ 180 in feed / month . ... what is considered male characteristics is completely subjective to the society you live in . you've been brainwashed by the society you live in that ignores pockets of culture where there was more ... it has been my experience that out of the sexes , it is men who are more emotional and irrational . tears are not the only way to show emotion . being aggressive , letting your ego / pride get in the way ... here is another tribe called red one ... this might be more appealing to people . vid has star trek incorporated into it ... i really like these guys ! ! ... ok ... to celebrate national aboriginal day this weekend i'm taking my niece to see these guys in concert . brace yourselves .. lol once you get through the initial shock of it , it's actually really ... official title is program officer . i essentially , research , analyze and review a lot of really dry stuff and make recommendations that likely won't be followed . i always thought i looked like crap . i look back at the photos later and say , hey wait ... i didn't look crap but i do now . then i look at pictures from that now a few years later and again say , ... i don't think it's an intp thing . i like doing it all by myself without anyone else . i find using people weak and i want to be strong .  my cousin just invited me to sausage fest 2014 on fb . why do i find that so hilarious ? we are kindrid lol . same way in my family on my mom's side . dad's side had intuitives but they lived in another part of the country and i never knew them . my parents found me completely confusing ... i used to sing on stage when i was a kid but then i had thyroid surgery and never retrained my voice . i can still sing a bit but not like i used to . yes , i think in a lot of cases i'm more empathetic than a lot of feelers are . i had to write some affidavits for abused children once and i had to give up the contract because i found writing about ... mom - esfj dad - istp oldest sibling : istj middle sibling : estj me : intp - i'm a freaking mutant i'm not selfish to the point its probably not healthy . i get accused of it sometimes but it's mostly more a misinterpretation over my loner behavior . when someone acts entitled around me i get ... i feel like there should be an intp seniors site or are there just so few of us because we die young due to self-neglect ? 41 eep ! 139817 this is more like my experiences with enfps . they can be cool but in arguments they can give it but can't take it . they shut down and stomp off like a spoiled brat . yeah i'd like to know that too . i tried to delete my photo , even deleted it from the link it came from and it didn't work . i'm just miffed . miffed i tell ya ! i'll get over it but right now major miff going on . i take my dog to this wooded out door park with groomed trail . there i can let her off leash and it's like ... i don't dislike them all but when they go bad they go real bad and can be very selfish , moody and needy . try a bit more balance . make an effort to go out somewhere just once a month or even once every two months . you don't have to be buddy buddy with people to do this . just maintain a lose connection ... i trip a lot . it's all an illusion , we are just sitting on a computer chip in a computer beyond our comprehension . ok , before all the pearls of wisdom are added here , i just wanted to insert that the pic was a selfie just after i donated 10 inches of hair to make wigs for kids with cancer . now go ... tall enough gravity is a bitch after 40 . i have had 2 past relationships that fall into that category . they were long term and i truly loved the people i just realized it wasn't going to work . i still miss aspects of those relationships . ... it's not my normal mechanics . maybe when i was young but as i got older it took me longer and longer to get over each relationship after a break up . i'm over the person and realize i did the right ... oh yeah that helps all my complexes . so now i'm an old tall psychopath who attracts young fellas into fetish sex . : tongue : ha ! i thought the lack of guys hitting on me was because i was tall . i didn't realize i looked like a psychopath . but alas , i'm old enough to be your mother so i'm going to have to decline . 1 ) would you be likely to read into paranormal phenomena ( or any unproven phenomena ) and cross analyze it in your mind with other responses and evidence ? i'd be unlikely to read into paranormal ... the little mushroom people of nova scotia send their sympathies ... i didn't know you swung to freds . who are your people ? huginn , i don't disagree with you . i think it highlights the importance we need better mental health systems and need to stop creating fringe societies by ostracizing them from the main stream . a ... yeah i'm in the same boat and i told myself i need to turn off my laptop and actually put it away so i'll accomplish things today . you saying this helps a bit . it reminds i'm not doing what i told ... i spend a fortune on groceries doing the same thing . right now i have a bunch of stuff that needs to be cooked today else i have to throw it all out . if it doesn't come in a keurig k-cup , it ... '