' you don't like colleges and universities , or is that what you mean ? this is my work-in-progress mission statement . there are many like it , but this one is mine . now i'd like to hear yours . nihilism itself is philosophically untenable , although in terms of moods or attitudes i have , i may flirt with the idea of humanism ; of course , i do not believe that humans are inherently good , and i ... i just got one . friends ! we lack a totalitarian society to rebel against ! let us fight for a new age of control and forced obedience , so that something greater may come of it ! i've sometimes wondered if i still qualify as an intj because i like to step out of my comfort zone , have opinions that others like me might not have , and explore other realms of the human ... yea , that's very frequent with me . mainly in the form of crippling self-doubt and an almost masochistic impulse to beat myself up over past mistakes . i don't let those go easily . think . do . curse . think . do . curse . think . do . damn it ! mental faculties begin to slip . sip wine . lying drunk in field . insane idea pops into head . smiles calmly , gets up , walks home . ... the crevasse , the main crevasse , is a canyon , circled by the first traces of a pre-human race known as the lu-vettes ; worshippers of the gigantic ball of cosmic energy located on the top of the ... i bother not , perched in the highest room of my ivory tower , scouring the heavens and the earths . as i watch day by day , hour by hour , musing their souls , with their own hopes , thoughts , and dreams ... i have a distinct lack of patience for people who resort to stamping their feet instead of looking me in the eye and having an actual discussion . paralleling this is my own annoyance at my ... i'm a very solid christian . as far as philosophy , i enjoy aquinas and i am a big fan of his metaphysics . william lane craig is awesome . my church finds me to be pretty eccentric though , although ... feels comfort in being concealed . likes to be the on-top observer . loves mysterious things . i have a more intellectually-based faith . i talk to god often and study his word carefully , but i've always interpreted things through the academic lens first . i tend to think of it like a ... so here's a little casual game where we can just type down one sentence per post adding to a big mythology , sort of like lovecraft , or greek mythology . remember , one sentence at a time . i'll ... although i am not really concerned with how this fits into the myers-briggs paradigm ( unless it acts as a good tool to explain personality functions ) , i have been trying recently to develop social ... a gentleman might be one who acts with integrity . he is humble and puts others before himself . he keeps up physical appearance , but prioritizes the betterment of his character , seeking first to ... don't get me wrong , i've always favored finding people through their actions and their emotions rather than style . i agree that we should not be quick to judge those we don't know based on physical ... it was actually because of these poor circumstances , such as war and discrimination , that entertainment flourished . much of the culture reflected a relatively innocent tone , which contrasted the ... nor do i--first impressions , however , are important . this is not an arbitrary social construct . one might not care about these things nonetheless , and he holds a high place in my book ( if he's ... i believe it is important and noble in any case to act as a gentleman in public ( and in private ) . clothes can speak different characters , and spoken character gives people their due impressions of ...  enx ( t ? ) p the beat makes me want to tap my foot and get lost into the song . the way he inflects his voice implies some big , grand celebration . something i wouldn't mind getting into . should christians colonize mars why pope is wrong to rebuke cannibalism violently coddle your baby for healthy paranoia dear god i need to stop . i personally value my obligations . i've started to take solace in the boring and tedious things of life ; even if i don't want to do something , i eventually learn to value doing it . i'll need a ... gurgi . i want you to know that you can be transformed when you realize that you are loved . you are , have been , and always will be looked out for , cared for , and watched carefully over . you are not ... enfp . who said anything about a finite planet ? if we're not colonizing mars by 2200 , i don't want to be in heaven watching them anymore . i wouldn't be able to enjoy it then--i'd be all cross and bitter all ... we're worrying about things much larger than what most people will fret about , such as why the world is so evil , how i can learn everything i need to change it and where did the damn cat go i just ... how could such a wickedly evil man be so devilishly handsome all at once ? what would you do with them ? what would you invent ? i mean if you got incredibly good at each science . mine would be general chemistry , electronics , and anatomy / physiology . i would invent crazy ... type : intj worldview : christian reasons : substantial evidence for the existence of a deity . christian texts hold miraculous insight , plus being historically accurate and holding prophecies ... an intricate system of modifiers and turing machines , growing , experiencing , and hypothesizing . the room itself would be a self-modifying room , to the point where its structure and geometry is ... i feel that you could very readily benefit here from the words of c . s . lewis : even in social life , you will never make a good impression on other people until you stop thinking about what sort of ... looking into the future , what would you do to change the world in whatever way you could ? what would you want to profess as truth ? what would you want to contribute ? how would you want people to ... intjs can be careless when in their unhealthy state . they can be inclined to drugs , alcohol , and snobbish behavior in these instances . i know plenty have already given you advice , but i'll just ... how this works : i post any sort of music . you tell me in-depth your opinion and what truly pops in your head when you give it your undivided attention , segregated under each of the following topics ... i'm sorry guys , i just had to get that off my chest before i get judged about it later on . do you think that other people like to think about this too ? is it a fetish of some sort ? maybe there's a ... i've always wondered what it would be like to walk into a hair salon , and start gathering up all of the hair that gets cut off and falls on the floor . i want to gather it all into one large mass of ... one word at a time per post . i'll start : dear mods , go quite honestly it's the most truthful of the subforums ... she is like six . when she is older , she will be hotter . i sweat whenever we are in the same room together . i fantasize about our love when i am in my bedroom . in two years , when i am old enough to ... are you a drill sergeant ? because my privates are standing at attention . hey baby , how about you sit on my lap while we chat and we'll see what pops up ? hey baby , are you a pirate ? because you ... i thought it was a great movie . keep i'm mind lots of this story ( which had to be expanded to a movie-format ) is left much to artistic interpretation . including the fallen angels . next time just tell them promptly that you were twerking as a victory dance to the restroom . thanks . but in all seriousness , i like all christians i meet . my youth group is composed of many wise teens my age . i feel , though , that the christian community in general could , perhaps , use ... at first , i'm surprised . then i smile , and lean back as the front of my jeans develops a distinctive bulge . '