' people want me to be honest with them but can't handle the honesty . so i don't know why they bother . i keep my mouth shut nowadays unless it's with friends whom i know for sure appreciate my ... 5 , not sure about my wing though depends on how long i'm travelling . if it's a week or two , i don't mind travelling alone . any longer , it would be nice to have company provided it's good company . if it's going to be someone who is ... being paralysed physically has come up a couple of times in this thread so far - that is a fear with me too - i guess it's not surprising because it touches on some of the istp's main concerns - ... i'm interested to know what are some of the istp's greatest fears . i have this nightmare scenario : i am a very private person - i share different parts of my life with different friends so all my ... i'm totally not cool with people pleasers ! they can't get it into their thick skull that there is no way one can please everybody . so why don't they just be straight talking and call a spade a spade ... i hated school because of rote learning and rules and regulations and the strict schedule . but after i graduated from formal schooling and did my postgrad , where i was able to do unstructured ... i bet the istp can play mind games better than many other types , it's just that we don't do it because we prefer to be straight-talkers , and direct in our dealings . i have no regards for anyone who ... i'm seeing a pattern though - are all istp females pretty masculine creatures ? i scored 0 on femininity and 92 on masculinity . i'm personally not surprised . i've never been a ' girly ' girl . my ex ... independent leader i'd think it's a little hard to fool istps in general . istps have a sort of clarity in their thinking and like to trace things down to root causes . in the same vein , when dealing with people , they ... that's really funny ! i can totally relate to this ! ! ! i hate it when people ask me ' how are you ? because to me , ' fine ' or ' great thanks ! ' is just such a superficial answer , even though i know that ... i like people who are not afraid of being themselves , who are sincere and genuine , who have no hidden agenda in their dealings with others . i respect people who have integrity , who stand by what they ... certainly not me ! i do have emotions and i understand why i feel a certain way . i just don't express my emotions very much because of my preference , not because i cannot , or that i don't know how to . er ... a bit like how right handers write with their left hands ? i think relationships are about the worst thing to feel being trapped in . as soon as i even get a mild sensation of losing my space in a relationship , i'm out of there faster than you can say ' run ! ' geez - i think i just found my panic button from reading that ! ! ! lol it does sound like she's walked out . i recognise some of those behaviours because i am aware that i do that as well , when a relationship is over . when i've made the decision that a relationship is ... nope . nothing wrong at all . but i've always been totally ill-disciplined with things that are not important to me . on the other hand , when something matters to me , nothing will shift my focus . i used ... one thing i really love about being istp is that i'm always the last to panic in any crisis ( except in the case where there is another istp around , then we'll go for a hot cuppa and forget about the ... scoring ' high ' on any of the mbti dichotomies doesn't mean that you are ' more ' of it . rather , it simply means that you are very clear about your preference . no one is completely at one end of the ... i double majored in biology - lab work was a breeze for me , especially in areas where techniques ( sterile techniques , electron microscopy , animal tissue extraction , microinjection , tissue culture ... that's definitely me . i'm always saying things as they are - in those times when everyone knows it but doesn't want to say it aloud . i'd do everyone a favour by just making it explicit . and i do it ... i don't know about impulsiveness . i don't like it when people make the statement that istps are impulsive . i don't think we are . we are spontaneous but not impulsive . there is a difference between ... hear you loud and clear ! and thanks for confirming that i am not alone where working around everyone is concerned ! sometimes i feel a little rude about it , but between wasting my time and being rude , ... exactly - having someone decide my fate is not my thing ! what are some of the situations in which istps feel ' trapped ' and absolutely hate getting themselves into ? i loathe : - meetings in which i am not the chair and have no control over what time ... agree on this one - for myself , i do a shut down until i'm ready to talk or interact again . although , i'm never in a hurry to do this . i'll take as long as i need to think . sometimes , i don't want to ... if your friend is really an istp , then she's likely to be a master at the blocking game . total shut down - the walls come up in every known direction . that's our ' armour ' lol . and no one can break ... agree with you djarendee - not enough details , or could even have been an ( apparently ) tiny detail that has been left out but happens to be something that triggered this guy . i've come to realised ... i don't think you should make the assumption that your new friend is an istp and then start treating her like she's really one :) perhaps you could ask her or if not , just get to know her through ... ' listen : i am ideally happy . my happiness is a kind of challenge . as i wander along the streets and the squares and the paths by the canal , absently sensing the lips of dampness through my worn ... lol that reads like a description of myself . i'm not a truck driver though . my childhood ambitions were : astronaut , firefighter , explosive ordnance specialist . but i ended up in healthcare ! ... exact sentiments . for me , it's never how much the person has spent in terms of money . it's about how much thought has gone into the gesture . would any istps out there dispute the statement that for a ... truly ! ! ! roflmao ... keep fucking that chicken . and i have lots of other inappropriate things that i keep wanting to say at inappropriate times , just o keep myself amused . i work really hard ... lol ... you sound somewhat like a profile 8 on the enneagram ! ;) from this istp's point of view : consistently avoiding mentioning your girlfriend to others is simply rude . -> it needs to be established whether he is really ' avoiding ' mentioning his girlfriend ... frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn is a line from the 1939 film gone with the wind - rhett butler's last words to scarlett o'hara . it's so me - i would have said the same thing ! what are ... there are things about intp's that really drive me nuts ( like the thinking aloud thing ) but i find that i do like them in many ways , when they don't go off to airy-fairy land . i understand their ... you can trust an istp to walk away cleanly when a relationship is over . doesn't matter what the girl does - if your guy is over it , he's over it . and he won't bother to waste any effort or energy ... non-fiction that gives lots of practical application tips - definitely my kind of reading material ! although , i never read instruction manuals ! well , i do - but only the section or paragraph that ... definitely no romance ! yuck ! lol any istps out there a fan of asimov , douglas adams , gerald durrell and black adder ? nowadays i don't really have the patience to read a book from cover to cover , preferring short stories that are ... yeah ... small talk is a waste of time and bores me to death . i'm often amazed at how people can turn the weather into verbal thesis . i try to keep my face expressionless but inside , i'd be rolling my ... exactly - they have no idea how much fun goes on in our heads ! lol ... don't even get me started on the m-i-l ... she's a truly nice lady but i wish she'd stop making silly jokes because i inevitably end up feeling a little mean that i'm not roaring my head ... i hate family gatherings - especially those on my husband's side of the family . they sit around for hours talking about this or that cousin - none of whom i knew . and it gets worse when everyone's ... depends on how angry i am , and whether i am also at fault . i can still reason when i am a little angry . but if someone pushes a really hot button , that's it . once a doctor in the hospital at which i ... second that . love the slow cooker ! i throw in whatever in the morning , put the cooker on , and by the time i get home from work , dinner is ready ! if i care too much for other people's happiness , at some point i will start to resent it . maybe it's because when i give a lot , i expect a lot in return . and because i rarely give too much of myself , ... '