' it depends on the group but in the past , without awareness of my in , i'd come out with a bang . like , very open / friendly to all . some of this was wanting acceptance . then , 45 mins later , exhausted ... i , too , saw 15 . i also failed math ;) sometimes we are good at seeing patterns not with numbers . but with events . landmarks . behaviors . words . i do love sudoku , though :D yet when we do so ( become almost anything to , please you ) and receive feedback it is not enough , or you are not willing to make similar commitments , then the grave sense of loss sets in . ( ... shame-filled confession : i have withdrawn , in the past , when i don't feel validated . when i have , in my perception , given a lot . and then had someone take that so painfully for granted , i turn ... hi , welcome . it's great you shared . stepping out even to an internet forum , is good for helping us feel more connected . i do understand that hole or that indescribable longing . and of feeling ... , i agree . my own faith experience in organized religion was positive . they are a kind christian community . and i never witnessed the kind of terrible judging we sometimes see ( the god ... in general does pain trouble you ? what do you fear may happen in the midst of a painful death ? ( just curious if you are able to nugget that out more ) i fear that i won't know who i was . that i ... i can identify with this feeling deeply . it is a lost feeling for me ... nothing upon which to feel grounded , yet as you noted , we'd be living a lie to pretend faith in something that does not ... ah , i typed that wrong . you forgiving them . not you forgiving you . i was noting that forgiving them isn't for their sake , it is for yours . as for how it would free you , i cannot answer that , ... first , you made me smile with the old guy happy quote ( i do that , too ) . i also fear i am wrong . how do i know ? ! ? your parents . you know , we tend to really learn from how we were raised , especially ... i was also raised christian . for a while my faith was strong , but i began to question fallacies that troubled me ( for example , how is it love to sacrifice one's son ? how is it love when the story is ... i'm married to a 5 who is possibly the most giving person i know . very opposite of stingy--i'm stingier ! :) the riso book , personality types is a very good introduction to the enneagram . it's comprehensive , but approachable , too . welcome , hi . this place is an obsession . i've only been here a short while , but it's felt like finally settling into myself . hope so for you too . alright , my gut ( i'm married to an int ) is you are a bit too warm and in touch with your f , within the context of this introduction , to be a t . as i told you in your other thread , i am not a typing ... soory , darick , i am hopeless at mbti typing in general :) borrowing from music . love it . no , not from your place :) . visited and had some encounters with a few here and there . two good friends are australian , and they are dear and not blunt xd ah bluntness . i do find that disconcerting myself about aussies ;) hi , and welcome ! i like your title for this thread . reads like a funny newspaper headline . :p roud : it would take a very special group of women for me to feel comfortable or content . like aquarian , i don't like groups in general , but groups of me are pretty comfy for me . i do well with my ... thank you for this . i appreciate the concrete road map . i'm an infj in a creative , self-driven field . this part is difficult for me : when preparing to share your thoughts , add logical ... hello ! congrats on those books ... that's very cool ! hope you find nice connections & growth here :) well . regardless of how dedicated they are , i think that's some of your introvert there . ( maybe the in ? i'm not an mbti sage by any means ) . not sure about you , but i can't do chitchat . it darn near ... yes , yes , me as well with the busy ! hahah . and like you , i am also working on my judgement . it's an everyday practice that requires a lot of mindfulness . my mind moves quickly . what helps me ... hi , and welcome . i am doing much the same as you . seems like a good place to facilitate it :) man . i can be ruthless about this , too ! nice to know i am not the only one ;) i sed to play cards , like solitaire . soduku is nice , too . :) agree with the pinterest recommendations ! also theatlantic.com has interesting articles . hello , hello ! welcome from another infj . it's very nice here . full of corners ! ;) ( late to the party here ) . yes . it's a tension in me , where i get very dismissive ( nonempathetic ) of others close to me , and it seems to come sometimes from a self protection mechanism . for those not ... superdooper's advice is pretty ... super :) seriously , take it from this 35 - year-old infj who faces an id crisis after 10 + years of basing her self-worth on the opinions of others : it is no life to ... yay for bon jovi :) here are some : whatever gets you through today - radio shake it out - florence and the machine not afraid - eminem ashes - embrace eye of the tiger - survivor don't stop ... i have become very cautious about sharing my feelings after receiving repeated programming that , well , feeling is bad . in the recent year , i've gotten pissed off about that . this notion that ... wy are we / you here ? ( in this proverbial world :) hello and welcome ! i can understand the hesitancy ( i'm beginning to think all infjs can :) it's nice here . helps me feel a bit more sane . hope it brings you some light , too . oh , ouch ! so basically you were chastised for their bullying ... and then your mom didn't have your back ? that's very harsh . i'm sorry :( i got it bad in junior high , too . beat up in the bathroom ! ... that's the truth ! and i agree with your experience . being around my intx , plus age , has balanced out a lot of my f . and i used to test higher on the p , like almost 50/50 . life can change us a bit :) thanks bluekitdon . this is tough . in the portrait , tones of him there , but also in the intj portrait , too . he isnt as focused on self-improvement . i believe his love for me has prompted him to ... thanks . he is not remotely organized . he will follow a schedule when a commitment is made , and hates being late.but he procrastinates , too . he also dislikes changing tracks when important decisions ... thanks for putting up the poll ! i really envy some of you ( it seems to trend male a bit ) who had the presence to lay the smack right back down , or at least make it clear not to screw with you . good ... thanks . this reminds me of how he'll say that for him , effort means shit . results mean everything . lol . * sigh * this exact question is why / where i get hung up . :) he is very risk averse , and loves to thoroughly research before taking action . also , i often have to motivate him with certain things . i think , ... thank you for all the welcomes :) :) i muse all day long , zeit . heehee . i'm in an artistic / creative profession and get to work for myself , which is grand . when i'm not doing that , i lift ... hmmm i'm not seeing a way for me to mod this and add one . you could put in a poll separately , or i will later when on my normal computer :) thank you ! my certainty about the mbti is pretty strong , though i think a lot of growth in recent years could affect things . the enneagram , not so much . very new to me , and while i identify with ... i'm sorry . and i understand . to be blunt , choosing sex with other women on the phone , and online , and later on , porn , and essentially neglecting any of my sexual advanced . ( turning me down , too tired , not in the mood , etc ) . at ... hello graficcha and thank you , yes , i've come into much empathy about this lately , and as i noted , it's why i'm here . in my defense , my intp has hurt me , over numerous years , on issues of sex ... i learned this the hard way . it has made my intp shut down pretty badly in the past . so i'm here now to try and show up differently and with more understanding . thank you . that makes a lot of damn sense . it's like chicken and egg . my need for validation , stemming from all the peer bs , has pretty much messed up my adult romantic relationships . i can relate ... i was , from about age 9 til 15 . it was pretty bad , and the need for validation just set me right up as a target . anyone else ? '