' i'm apparently a seeker personality quiz - feedback considering the very difficult nature of this task i think you should go first raain to act as a trailblazer : tongue : could there be a better philosophy than the one encapsulated within the simple phrase fuck it ! ( well in the right context obviously :P ) . i rather enjoyed your rant and felt strangely empowered ... i'm exactly the same . it seems very odd but i sometimes indulge in my melancholy . i also love any book , film or piece of music that can make me cry and will sometimes seek that experience out . maybe ... i would suggest that you stop texting him and wait for a reply , hes either like me in the way i'm sporadic with messages - especially since i leave my phone off for long periods of time :P , or hes ... - i'm up for this , if i'm not too late ( story of my life ) gender : male age : 17 country : uk no preferences some extra stuff : hobbies : writing ( poetry , songs , journaling , ... a vegetarian is a person that doesn't eat other animals , an egg that isn't fertilised is not an animal . the most common reasons for vegetarianism are ethical - an unfertilised egg is incapable of ... i agree with you , and this is coming from a young person who uses the site . some of the conversations i hear on the bus home from college make me question my faith in humanity ... liberalist , environmentalist and academist she has lots of dark humour in her lyrics and uses a ton of symbolism , my vote is for infp , just watch how she handles the crowd at the end . if anything ... some others on here have used the term selfish , i prefer to say self indulgent as i'm not arrogantly in love with myself , but i do focus my thoughts on to myself a lot . my problem is that proclaiming myself as mature seems like quite an immature thing to do :P have you considered that you might just be sexual - drop all prefixes and don't think about being attracted to a gender , think about being attracted to a person . maybe your over thinking this and ... i often go through phases of deep fascination for the subject , but i think ive only ever had lucid dreams when i was a child - i used to have this re-occurring nightmare that i was stood in this field ... england are we the same person ? 1 . ) cry babies - not at all 2 . ) emos - definitely not , though i am naturally melancholy 3 . ) suffers from post traumatic stress syndrome - don't think so 4 . ) non logical - quite the opposite 5 . ) ... could i possibly have some black-hole pudding served with planetary potatoes and gravity gravy , please :P sorry for being immature but i expected the first reply to be anal :P i'm very open when i do talk about sex but i rarely do , simply because there are more important things to talk about most of the time , i don't think i have a particularly high sex drive either . or the most insecure and fucked up , leading to a façade of shallowness :P i've come to realise that i'm attracted to style , expression , body language , mannerisms , the way she presents herself ... in a word , no . this is me exactly anyone else find it slightly unusual that op generally sees his friend every weekend for most of the weekend ? i'm much more sporadic with mine , as long as you can text it shouldn't be a big deal :P ... you mean popular / chart music , there are many brilliant , modern musicians making revolutionary music out there , you just have to look for them . where's the i actually quite like my life category ? im not keen on them either for the exact same reason , just marks another year of maybe unfulfilled time passing by , and mines tomorrow :P i especially found choosing a personality type on here difficult as i felt like all of them in one :P so yes i am definitely a chameleon . i feel like a walking oxymoron half the time - i am ( and ... i voted for just about everything except stupid , innocent , hateful and annoying , they are definitely complex creatures :P we are like spider's silk , we glisten in the rain and can be taken by the breeze but we offer the strongest support relative to mass in the natural world - we hold great strength , though our ... op seems to care way too much about social sterotypes and financial success , and the part about shakespeare ! ha , the post in general was pretty ridiculous to be frank . here , here this is a subject that seems to be perpetually floating on my stream of consciousness and has been intensified ever since my father passed away a couple of years ago . i think a lot about ... well in england we finish school at 16 and move on to college ( where i am now ) - have no idea what age range high school is so i'll comment on the last years of school . i was pretty much ... you read my mind : wink : i seem to have these and i'm a man :d ry : i seem to develop a new , fleeting insecurity every month or so but it really all boils down to how others perceive me-which i realise is ridiculous as people aren't actively seeking out flaws when ... i've never been drawn to metal , i'm more of a bluesy / indie rock kinda guy - i hold a pen in a particularly strange manner , i often get told that i hold a pen like a left handed person would with their right hand :P , once my history teacher walked up to me during a test and ... the significance of the job and how passionate i am about it . you do realise that having a regular friend that's female isn't actually that unusual :P i fail to understand why you think she wouldn't be content staying friends with you if she started dating ... i honestly can't think of a better way to spend the evening . and you should feel lucky that your an introvert , we don't need drugs to get these emotional highs :P concerning everything else ... i've always dreamed of travelling the world in hope i'll find myself or purpose , yet i've always known that to feel truly content or fulfilled i would have to look within myself as that is where the ... my goal in life ? world domination bitchez ! mwahahahaha ... * i just used a z instead of an s like some kind of inferior human being :d ry : i shall now contemplate suicide . i , ve never taken it and refused it many a time but i can't deny that i'm curious for the experience . neutral good 50 % good 12.8 % chaotic i gradually talk to them less and less until we've drifted apart : shocked : david morrissey ? some that resonated with me if you had a friend who spoke to you in the same way that you sometimes speak to yourself , how long would you allow that person to be your friend ? when did you not ... '