' oh , fair enough then , i'm sorry for misinterpreting you . and i certainly don't want to generalise either , but those double standards do still exist in a lot of places - cautiouskitty's story earlier ... what really bothers me about these kinds of arguments is that the same standards are never applied to women . don't get me wrong , i find male entitlement absolutely infuriating as well , and calling ... i feel like the fact that his immediate response to the idea of being abstract is to give examples of concrete things like art and music is pretty telling , personally . being an n type isn't about ... 26 there's some bad news ... actually , i don't think any of the types one letter away appeal to me that much , funnily enough ! enfjs are fe-dominant and the idea of that horrifies me . fe is okay as an auxiliary but it's really ... if you do watch higurashi and like it , i really recommend checking out the visual novel for umineko ( its spiritual successor ) too . i mean the visual novel though , not the anime . the anime is pretty ... well , i can see that fe-subtypes might be more likely to do the touchy-feely stuff like writing * hugs * or liberally applying smilies , but i don't think that explains everything in your post . i mean , ... i think it's very hard to write straight from the heart , because inevitably something is going to get lost in the translation to written language . whenever i've tried to write about my deepest ... i feel like the error you're making here is to assume that your infj friend divides people in terms of friends and enemies in the same way that you do . do you have any reason to believe she does ? ... well , i generally know that i'm feeling something , and am at least aware of the possibility . but to instantly know yeah , i'm definitely in love sounds pretty crazy to me , especially since the ... 28 out of 36 . interesting that i'm above average , even though i'm diagnosed with autism and having difficulty reading faces is supposed to be a symptom of that . this is something i've wondered about a lot . i'd like to think that free will exists , but i think i've become more and more fatalistic as of late . at the very least , i'm sure it doesn't exist to ... i believe this is something that's traditionally associated with enneagram type 4 ; maybe you'd be better off asking on that forum ? i do this a lot , and it really bugs me at times , but i've never ... personaldna | your true self revealed - fast fun free personality tests generous thinker confidence 2 i don't know about that , having a desire for security seems more like an enneagram - 6 thing to me . i've never particularly thought of that as an infj trait . certainly i don't value material ... the main thing that puzzles me about this discussion is how you seem to have gone off on some bizarre tangent for the entire second half of it that has almost nothing to do with what either of you ... um , no offense , i feel like you're making some incredible generalisations there . do you honestly believe that every single police officer in the world has the exact personality that you just ... i'm not so sure that light is an infj . he seems very fi-driven to me . intj , perhaps . i think it's really interesting that you seem to have a constant conflict between ni and te . i experience the same thing all the time with ni and fe , and i've kind of been prone to assume that it's ... i actually developed pretty much the exact same way as you , and had the same confusion between those two types . i ended up settling on infj , though . like you , although i'm very dependent on ti now , i ... without emotions , you'd have no reason to be altruistic . the only possible reasons to help others are emotional ones . the only reasons to live are emotional ones . if one were to approach everything ... isn't the green one kind of useless ? i mean , you could use the pink one for the same effect , by shapeshifting into a bird or even just into a human with wings if that's allowed . i don't really ... i tend to switch between both . my dreams are more or less completely incoherent , so one minute i'll feel like something's actually happening to me , but then the next i'll be completely detached from ... understanding . ( and that goes both ways ; not just others understanding me . ) ... i was going to say before reading any of the responses that this all sounds much more like infp than infj , but ... huh ? that's quite a strange assertion . would you mind going into more ... i can see where you are coming from here , but being type - 4 myself , i think you are kind of doing him an injustice here . not that i blame you at all for that , because the way we work is so bizarre ... yeah , being absorbed in your own negative feelings doesn't necessarily mean you have fi . i think that the fact that he's reaching out here for help in the first place is an indication of fe , and the ... i really , really want to help you , but i don't know how . i've read your other thread on here , and i have a feeling that you are much , much more desperate for a response here than you are letting on ... i know i'm a little late , but i found this topic to be fascinating reading and i feel that it deserves to be revisited . i feel the same way as aquarian in that my own experience definitely does fit ... trollonamission , mind citing the passage where jesus said that everyone who didn't accept him would go to hell ? i'm not sure he'd be too happy about you telling everyone how ' simple ' his message was ... i've always been of the opinion that if there is any kind of life after death , people wouldn't be ' excluded ' from it based on their conduct or their beliefs . that's such a tribal , judgmental , human ... a lot of your post actually sounds more like enneagram 4 than any particular mbti type . have you looked into that at all ? kaiji is definitely an infj , if anyone has watched that . also , beatrice from umineko no naku koro ni , although the anime adaptation doesn't portray her properly . because i'd want to be helped if i was in their situation . that's all , really . of course , there are a lot of people who i don't have the power to help , so i'm often unable to , and i invariably feel ... hm . i am in a similar situation to this . i wonder if the issue i am facing is the same as yours . i will be following this topic . it shouldn't be that hard to figure out , right ? for one thing , in real life , you're bound by your circumstances , your appearance , what people know about you , who you're connected to , your family , ... being rejected or thought badly of by others . that and making mistakes , but that's sort of an extension of the first one . ... do you really expect a forum full of fe-aux people to tell people to disregard societal norms ? really ? i would imagine that such suggestions were made , not because we place high importance on ... uhm , teybo , just because nardi's test isn't very good is no reason to throw the baby out with the bathwater and discard the cognitive functions model altogether ... any more than the fact that most ... having an urge to share your philosophical ideas with others definitely sounds like ni-fe to me . so infj . the part about job switching and disappointment with relationships doesn't surprise me . what does surprise me is the part about male infjs being satisfied with a relationship when their partner ... can infjs manipulate their personalities to fit the situation ? absolutely . it's a recognised trait . as wikipedia's infj article says , infjs have been mistaken for extroverts , as they tend to possess ... the idea that fi users keep their emotions to themselves and fe users openly express them is something that i've read in a lot of places , but i don't really think it's a fair statement . in fact , in a ... my father is estj and i wouldn't say he's particularly strict or perfectionistic at all . he's pretty laid back actually . but he is certainly very logical and attached to his routine ways of doing ... wow , that's a really beautiful quote . was that in the books too ? i haven't seen the tv show . i didn't know about mbti back when i read the books about a year ago , but looking back , that makes a ... hm , that sounds pretty much exactly the same as me to be honest . you could very well be an infj . i think the most important thing for infjs in programming is to learn by experimentation . having to do things via a structured tutorial never really worked well for me , but just screwing around with ... she was just light-heartedly presenting the advice as if the infj were a pet rather than a person . i found it kind of adorable actually , and i feel like the advice is fairly accurate .  ... well , it ... i agree with rwm 4768 that infj is kind of on the borderline between j and p , really . the dominant function ni doesn't really fit either perceiving or judging in mbti terms , or at least that's how ... i have had this occasionally , where i feel physically sick and reluctant to eat if i'm feeling particularly stressed about something . i generally just force myself to eat regardless though . i'm ... '