' nope . just couldn't find inspiration . thats what i plan on doing . getting me a mirror's edge tattoo and i've never played the game . i just think it looks cool . what are some of your goals , aspirations , and dreams ? i think you look beautiful . it's very strange . perhaps some background : my life is progressing well in a business sense . i'm a 19yr old military member doing networking , living in a dorm . nearly got an associates already ... anybody want to take the time help sort out some of the mystery regarding this video ? i got the best english sub i could find on youtube ... if i don't have the will to change my life does that mean i just prefer it as is ? i am an ap delinquent . society has no place for me and no way to deal with me . hoping to god the future either changes me or i find ways of making it work . life was all rainbows . turns out , its just rain . life is a battle and love is war . me ? well , not everyone can be born a fighter . each day society tugs me about . each day , i am its plaything . but the night ? the night is my time and i'll be damned if you think you get that too . gamers are people ! so ... does this mean that infp minecraft servers are a go ? i'd host something for a weekend or two if you guys are interested . maybe a techit server ... ad hominem aside , without good reason to continue with medication , i'd liken the situation to smoking cigarettes . i wasn't made for this world . it doesn't provide for what i can feel . now take all of that and realize that's not what you want to do , but that's what you want done to you . please don't end times like this you start to realize , everything you do for others , you wish others would do to you . best i can do for you is wish you a safe journey as you ride it out ( your feelings that is ) . ppl need to be 3x more genuine . i'm so fucking sick and tired of people's expectations for me . we do what we must , because we can my watch is good for depths of up to 1000meters , i don't dive , nor do i swim . but its good to know the watch will be ok if i drop it in the sink . meh , i need a nights sleep . and ... shot down . i shall start the party . in preparation of sad : singles awareness day this thread needed a bump anyway i'd like to go into the past , mine specifically . i hear they aren't much for reliability , but if you can get them working , they are great ! bump char limit can someone give me the words to ask can i talk with you when i've never gotten close to this person ? i'm feeling terribly dejected at the moment , facebook shall be my messenger yet tonight , even ... the opposite sex because clueless at the most inconvenient times . happy , intelligent , self conscious i'm friends with her on facebook , i'd like to break some ground so i can speak to her at school considering i've never spoken to her ( i know some man i am ( i am totally , joined the military for ... mk , happy birthday brigitte . happy birthday to you aswell . my turn-arounds always feel like i'm just ditching pessimism . that common round here ? color me confused . happy birthday , i just wanted to say it because i could never approach you in real life . eleven by sandra cisneros what they don ’ t understand about birthdays and what they never tell you is that when you ’ re eleven , you ’ re also ten , and nine , and eight , and seven , and six , and five , ... sasquatch penis . i really don't like the phrasing of this question . touch has a synergy with sight for motor skills . that was my primary concern . hearing over touch ? hearing just seems like a more active sense . i find myself overly irritated by peoples resting noises . they breath so loudly , specially if it's through their nose . now needles and pain are two different things entirely . i'll take a punch to the gut over sharp pointy things any day . either sight and touch , or hearing and sight . something to consider , without sight , could you fully utilize touch anyway ? after a minute of experimentation , i've determined hearing over touch to ... sigh char lim under my bed in a box labeled taxes . ( but i have a better question , who the heck would give me a rare and dangerous artifact ? ) you are short on cash and must pay for your child's surgery . ... nope , not especially . i'd be careful with that . specially round this part of the forum , its a terrible thing to call the already-depressed whiners . greed , gluttony tho that's completely situational . i'm not gonna fuck it up this time . if i ever find her alone again , i'm just gonna go for it . i like all music xd . that is horrible ... i mean , ug , uh , that pains me just to think about it . you have my heartfelt sympathy . '