' ola 90 hello , i have read through your post . would offer a few guidance on what is happening as you have described . you definitely have a strong desire to work in a work / career that you desire , ... i like the idea of running in the wild , and just experience nature as it is , without a care for the world . for me , i too have never lost my child-like demeanor , and honestly even while growing ... imagine all the people living life in peace . you may say i'm a dreamer , but i'm not the only one . i hope someday you'll join us , and the world will be as one . - john lennon hope is the ...  what do you see , nurses , what do you see ? what are you thinking when you're looking at me ? a crabby old woman , not very wise , uncertain of habit , with faraway eyes ? who dribbles her food and ... ice age 4 : continental drift brave both . i like staying up late , and i love to wake up really early to exercise .      ziwosa , lol yeah , i knew someone would have eventually commented somehow with regards on that video i posted lol . ziwosa , yeah i know this isn't the typical classical music you're talking about , or should i say art music ? ( i'm a musician myself too ) . they do a blend of classical music , hip hop , jazz and r ...    summer wars drift , hahs ! hence why i posted a video with english subtitles :) . this is nice too , i like boa's , eat you up  v from v for vendetta . lady killer - lisa scottoline djinns :) a tale of two sisters this is amazing : laughing : ! les femmes de l'ombre nine dragons - michael connelly stunning vocals and amazing rap one isn't necessarily born with courage , but one is born with potential . without courage , we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency . we can't be kind , true , merciful , generous , or honest . ... puss in boots :) i play the violin and keyboard , though it's been quite some time since i've touched the keyboard . love his interpretation for bach's chaconne gosh , i left out maxim venegerov . love his interpretations , particularly of bach's chaconne memoirs of a geisha - arthur golden was wondering whether any of you like constructing short sentences to convey about emotions . here's mine , though i'm contemplating on whether does it sound weird : rolleyes : no amount of ... utada hikaru - sanctuary ( i need more affection than you know ) in you and i , there's a new land angels in flight , ( i need more affection than you know ) my sanctuary , my sanctuary , '