honestly it sounds to me like you were acting like a jerk . chill . and be respectful . - the guy who has problems with authority . ( seriously ) dear depression , how do you like me now , bitch ? sincerely , - hudson this is my favorite post in the history of perc . i like you . the fall was brain trippy , definitely . all the those unique structures and colors and whatnot . in both movies , they tell a story that the listener believes is true . something very epic . :p the ... i say google imaged , for what it's worth . i've seen the fall ! interesting movie . :D it reminds me of secondhand lions , kind of . but more trippy . football season starts soon . 46603 me gusta . im pretty soft spoken . i only talk when i have something to say . so don't fucking interrupt me . especially with the usual inane horse shit . carl sagan . batman . ^ _ ^ i do this all the time . i always feel really pathetic afterwards . im pretty sure girls think i am hitting on them sometimes too , but alot of times i'm just trying to be personable . of course , it ... this thread is for all those who appreciate what this man's life brought to us . most of you ( including me ) are too young to remember when this happened . but it's not difficult to imagine the awe that ... right now ? yes . eventually ? no . ^ ^ ^ this . imagine someone from 1969 saying this . would they be disappointed ? rip neil armstrong thanks for the input guys ! this thread is actually pretty interesting i was expecting a bunch of stuff about all the things ya'll have collectively designed . but , in the end , my life might ... thanks intj . ^ _ ^ what do you mean by they don't get to make things anymore ? :P and , hey , it's about the option , right ? i mean , part of the reason im trying to get educated is that i have no choice but to be a ... oh god , and fuckin ' awesome , respectively . well , i don't know ! i mean , mechanical engineering sounds great . aeronautics obviously has the cool factor . im a big fan of space exploration and aircraft , ever since i was a little boy , so there is ... i wish i was as smart and perceptive as you are . hah ! no . dumb motherfuckers are a humanity thing , not a colarado thing . ;) fair enough . i've read those theories as well . it could be true , but it does no one any good to act under such assumptions . thats all i'm saying . and with all the vacuous crap about how beneficial ... it's just another thing to spend your money on . people assign meaning to it the same way they assign meaning to any other random inanimate object : erroneously . i'm not saying your wrong , but i still don't like this post . there are some seriously dumb motherfuckers who smoke pot . lets not equate something thats supposed to be fun with intelligence ... pot . i drink very little . i don't really like how alcohol makes me feel , even though i'm definitely more fun when i'm drunk . less and less pot as i get older . i'm trying to be all responsible and ... falling skies ( tv ) it's a little emotion heavy for me . i would have liked it more if they focused more on the post apocalyptic survival side of things . anime intro music . catchy . pretty ... i'm pretty good at this whole empathy thing . but i make damn sure they have a real problem , otherwise i'm not really interested in talking about celebrity marriages and other useless crap . ... you're welcome of course . 46099 i'm not sure , because i don't really know you . but i've seen a few of your posts , and it seems pretty reasonable to say that we could be friends . hopefully that doesn't sound weird , but oh well . :/ here is me trying to avoid some wicked screen glare on my glasses . :P 46051 at the moment , it's that i haven't realized my full potential . i haven't been all i can be . because dreams aren't enough . okay , i think i understand . but i have something less helpful to offer , then . :P inspiration is not subject to our schedules . i feel like this alot . i guess i just cling to some principle that ... someone literally arguing with me when i pointed out that ancient aliens is total bullshit . i mean , seriously . yes . this . you know you are an intp when you start what i like to call a ' wikipedia tree ' the first thing you look up is general , and involves vocabulary terms you have not heard of before ... ringworld by larry niven can't believe i never did this before ... if i didn't have optimism about the ability of humanity to make the world better , i would probably feel like you . i mean , there are plenty of idiots . but there are also really kind , brilliant people ... i want to be an engineer . i'm kind of old for an undergrad , but i just decided it was time to wake the fuck up . someday , i want to build the engine that carries us to the future . maybe there will ... here i come bee-haches . 46040 hey neverontime ! thanks for the kitteh ruth 4ten . :D ^ ^ ^ this i'm back . whatup bitches ? ^ _ ^ actually i don't think your a bitch . i just love you , thats all . talk to me about space exploration . i really want to see it . the original with charlton heston is fucking amazing . re-l mayer from ergo proxy * gives game fresh human meat instead of an ice cream cake . * happy birthday dude . i feel like a performance artist on a street corner . forgive me the pretention that whatever i do here is art . it ’ s a pretention i embrace , and which no one has the power to take from me . i suspect ... the darkness wrapped tightly around him like a blanket , concealing him from the eyes of guards and creatures alike . the full moon seemed to burn down … no … to soothe those it shined down upon , belying ... assign a concrete category to your friends today ! it's the latest fad ! i'm hip ! anyways , the idea is to compare the poster above you to a fictional character , whether he / she is in the world of ... this video changed my life . notice the lack of emoticons in this post . this is my serious face . pans labyrinth amelie ghost in the shell city of god 