' smoked from 16-21 . 5 years is long enough to know that i need to quit or my lungs will eventually cave in . i quit smoking 3 times . ( this is the third ) i'm on day 28 and it was actually an accident ... no video ... i'm on pandora . violin concerto no . 6 in g major , op . 47 ( op . posth . 1 ) by : henri vieuxtemps on vieuxtemps : violin concertos nos . 5 , 6 & 7 when i've finally come to the decision to end the relationship , i usually cut it completely clean . no friendship afterward . if i am the one making the decision , it has to be for an extremely serious ... yes =) i've teamed up with my entj professor on a research project related to i / o psych . he's working on his phd , and we're doing research on what he'll be using for his dissertation . it's very ... i don't have a video , but i'm on pandora right now . chant du ménéstral ( minstrel's song ) for cello & orchestra in f sharp minor , op . 71 by alexander glazunov =) yes , i have . i am caucasian and i have dated outside of my race several times . most recently , i dated a chinese national . yes . i would never turn someone down based solely on their ... oooo ... ooo ! you know you are an enfp when you've set up a 3 - day tutoring session with a stranger , through his mother that you've only met twice in your life , to help the guy research articles for ... when you make a gigantic move based solely on a seemingly insignificant hunch ... and it turns out well ! i totally voted 3 for the poll , but after reading the original post , i also identify with number 1 . i think i do all of the things in # 1 while still being extremely bubbly ( some would call that ... i love your style ! you have to be my personal shopper =) ( i may have already written that one , haha ) * tequila in hand * you're so crazy ! ! ! root : under-active ( - 25 % ) sacral :op en ( 62 % ) navel : under-active ( - 6 % ) heart :op en ( 50 % ) throat :op en ( 25 % ) third eye :op en ( 50 % ) crown :op en ( 44 % ) time for google ... thanks for the ... precisely why i try so hard not to do it ! ! it's worse when you know you're doing it , but can't stop yourself . haha . sounds like a marathon of listening to me ... ! sometimes , it's nice to be ... haha ... i have definitely trained myself on this one . especially at work . and while meeting new people . i think i just forget that everyone isn't on the same page ( and rightfully so ! ) . there are less ... maybe it's just an enfp child thing ! haha ... i selected only english ... though i did study spanish for 6 years . i wouldn't say i was fluent , though . that takes a long time . =) but , i'm sure even after not speaking spanish for over 3 years , that ... i wasn't sure if that were a general thing for intj's , or just specifically related to the ones i know ... thanks for the insight =) it's like ... can't you see that i was already doing that , woman ? ! omg . to this day , my mother insists on ordering me around exactly at the time that i'm already doing something . exs : ~ put that in the fridge . ( i'm already opening the door ) ~ take the dog out ... has anyone close to you ever told you that you sound like you're trying to teach them when you're talking about something ? you know you're an enfp when ... you clean your room , and people still walk in it and say your room is so messy . i suppose that's better than not cleaning it , and getting a my god , it looks like a ... that's for the birds ! you can't just say something and then not say it ... can you ? ! hehe . my enfx friends all encourage me ! luckily , i only have dramatic outbursts in acceptable environments . learning to hold it in until i get to one ... now that was difficult ! tried that for a while ... it's just different for girls ;P you wouldn't understand . hehe . ( attempt at keeping on topic in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... ) hi , i'm an enfp and i get extremely loud when i'm ... absolutely ! haha . it doesn't happen often , but when it does ... oh man ! it's like , how long have i been wearing them like this ? was it short enough that i can flip them inside out and that not be ... ( clearly not an intj ... but ) yay for psych ! i'm finishing up my b . s . in psychology , with a minor in human resource management . i will also pursue my phd , but in industrial / organizational ... hi , i'm an enfp and i really hate when i sit down to pee and discover that mah panties are inside out ! ! ! these must be the other goals you had in mind . in any case , i agree ! ^ ^ ^ is that a smile ? cute furrowed brow . =D ( okay , so this isn't on topic . but do i really get deleted for compliments ? ! ) well . at least i'm the second highest nf ? and the third highest p ? i like to think that doing something you love is more important than doing something for money . but the idealist in me says ... hmm , isfj . i know two , they both happen to be female . and i could guess that they do the same ! maybe i'm thinking of a few isfps i know . in which case , which function do you think would be most ... agreed ! i am such a dork ! very awkward ! i want to be with someone who accepts the fact that i am a little odd , and one who thinks its cute ... not someone who is embarrassed about it in front of ... i've only ever dated one shy , introverted geeky guy ( with a stocky build , reow . ) i have to say , i liked him the most out of all of them ( of course , he was an intj . who doesn't like them ? ) . i have ... hmm . i'm going to have to agree with what most people are saying . this is all about preference . i admire the s ability to exist without having to analyze things as they process the world . i experience dejavu quite frequently . sometimes , it is faint and i can remember feeling it before , but only for a split second . other times , it's really eerie . i will be seeing the scene play out ( in ... same-zies ! i always pick at the food when i'm cooking , so by the time i'm done , i'm almost full ! ! haha . my favorite music to dance to while cooking is my super-customized funk station on pandora . must see a picture ! =D seriously ! ! where ? ! ugh . jealous ! i'm beaming on the inside . you give me hope that i'll find an intj with squishy insides ! ! ! where did you find yours ? ? ? often get annoyed by other enfps . =/ sorry ! ( is this just me ? ) yay ! i'm not alone ! =) it did not , in fact , benefit me at all . i couldn't help myself . but , i'm in the same position i was in before i went , so . i guess that's not worse ? sigh . thanks for your thoughts , though . just a shot in the dark . i haven't read any of the other related posts . well . he drove to my work and i could see him in the front parking lot , in his car , not parked , just staring through the front windows / doors . when i looked out of the corner of my eye , i could ... situation : my intj ex just stalked me at my work today . backstory : we broke up a few weeks ago . i say we because he convinced me that it was better for both of us ( ha ) if we started to separate ... stop being everyone's doormat . you can't always get what you want . life isn't perfect . you are too sensitive . have you tried going to bed early ? how can you sleep 15 hours straight ? ( or ) how are ... i've never tried the death glare . haha . ( am i allowed to post in here if i'm not an intj ? i just get addicted to reading the intj threads because i'm obsessed . ) ps : you are very lovely ... hahaha . <3 and all of my stuffed animals have their own personalities . do you ever feel like you don't want to love one much more than the other because it would be unfair ? maybe that's just ... you know you're an enfp when you : 1 . come to a thread titled you know you're an enfp when ... 2 . discover that less than 1/4 of the responses are on-topic 3 . are not upset about this , nor ... hello , freyja . nice to meet you . i enjoyed your introduction . i appreciate all of your pet peeves , but regret to admit that i am a slow driver ! ( if i could afford it , i would rather just hire ... this is so my mom ! right now ! haha . she wants to leave now for a movie at ten . gotta love her ! ! ! <3 '