' it would not be classified as an addiction for the reason i'm referring to , however . no , i enjoy espresso and the occasional tea . to quote wikipedia , straight edge ( sometimes abbreviated sxe ) is a subculture of hardcore punk whose adherents refrain from using alcohol , tobacco and ... same here ... i have a moral code and the reason i stay within that code is simple - a care for a cause or idea which i see as logical . i , for instance , am a vegetarian . i could say why don't i just eat this ... nope . straight edge . a poster taken out of a canadian astronomy magazine denoting an astronomical timeline of important occurences , a piece of paper taped reading d1445 , and a calendar which hasn't been touched since ... but he somehow keeps smiling in spite all of that , while i keep finding ways to push the good out for the bad oh , how selfish of myself to always say that it was more than i could take , like it ... how are you today ? mostly empty . what are you thinking of right now ? colleges . i think i've found somewhere i belong . how do you feel right now and why ? i'm anticipating the aforementioned ... being unbiased and going by what others think of me and the experiences tied to that , i am moderately attractive . as the previous sentence would suggest , i have a moderate amount of general ... [ intp ] the cinematic orchestra death cab for cutie fall out boy mogwai passion pit la dispute the postal service arcade fire that is true , he went as far as to claim the double rainbow to be a complete spiritual experience , that he was directly speaking to god ( while filming ) . i believe he said that i was close-minded ... my outfit consists of grey vans , black skinny jeans , a t-shirt , and possible messenger bag . my outfit has been consistent for the past four years . 357498 this is strangely true . one i tried to explain that exactly to yosemitebear 62 , he said that i was extremely close-minded . oh well . friendships fade , and so do the partakers . that is not to say i don't appreciate them while they are existent . however , to believe in friendships and people ? in the sense of thinking that that ... to be frank incognito , i don't think it was confusion . i stated that most of these traits can be present in intps , or other types . i suppose i'm not one to limit certain qualities to a specific mbti ... sure , though the information might seem merely useless , or random . ( i've liked reading about the subjects you've mentioned well . ) lobotomies ... why people don't realize they are moving the piece ... i am tidy , but my house is also somewhat minimalistic . in the living room there is a couch and a tv . in my room , i have a bed , and dresser . my items ( books especially ) are shoved into the closet , or ... 356098 3561 06 i still have problems with 1 , 2 , 5 , 8 , and 9 . quite a few of these depend on mbti unrelated traits of an individual ( such as anxiety ) , not intjs specifically . arrangement is futile , spontaneity will suffice . i'm fine with any gender and / or sexuality . i am an asexual cisgender myself , though i do not flaunt it and only mention it when asked or necessary , as i think it's silly to make it a defining ... other people are often a distraction from what i want to do , i'd much rather invest my time into learning than chatter . i also experience anxiety upon starting and maintaining conversation . for males , isfj . i haven't spoken to enough females to get an idea . i've noticed that xstjs dislike me , perhaps unsurprisingly . thank you for the corrections . i am trying to memorize the words first and foremost , i will have to work on my grammar tomorrow . did you add the es because i am speaking of a female ? ( i ... to simplify , french terms and what an ideomotor phenomenon is . some of them : beaucomp = a lot / very ( depends on context ) fâcheux = annoying d'accord = okay une bouteille = a bottle tout = all ... no . i used to be an activist , but now i simply support animal rights . yes , insects are animals as well . who needs books when you have booze ? istj father , esfj mother . i don't communicate with my father , and my mother can be quite annoying at times . cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 20.4 ) limited use introverted sensing ( si ) * * * ... i don't agree . mental illnesses , especially depression , can be present in any type . i , for example , have reverse seasonal affective disorder , which would not correlate with t / f differences . i tend to be quite defensive . however , if that person has understood what i've said previously and seems to be quite open-minded , i will be more lenient in expressing myself to those who i don't know ... i enjoy those who are similar to me in personality , but not exceedingly , as i would become very annoyed with that person if we were exactly alike . i'll simplify what i like in character , as it has a ... intp enneagram 5w4 with depression , myself . i'm more emotional than usual , but i also feel departed . responses delayed , especially in conversation . instead of having useful ideas , i tend to ... i have the same opinion . frequently this applies to those who wish for an absurd amount of friends as well . we're at a point in time where relationships are not needed , so what would be the excuse of ... i'm quite tidy . i like to write , however , i never gain anything from it . this may be unrelated , but i tend to think about a stranger reading my journal , or someone finding it after i've died . i think it may have to ... why do all intps have monotone voices ? my speech contains an average amount of sound variation . however , i try to sound a tad more dull when speaking to most people ( as well as looking away and ... all of psychology is bullshit pseudoscience , there's no such thing as mental illnesses , only stigmas towards psychics and / or people of higher intelligence and creativity . i'm horribly indecisive , especially applied to trivial matters . i should walk to the store . what if i see the same cashier again ? i'm wearing the same shirt as i was the last time i visited . who ... exactly . why are there so many small daisies and yellow flowers ? why are the seeds so abundant ? i presume it's the relations between different neural pathways in the brain , and between neurons belonging to certain locations . for example , place cells within the hippocampus . place cells are ... it's a sad day in america when the beauty pageant contestants aren't even able answer questions pertaining to our educational systems . sigh . i love deadpan humor . it appears as if an intp could empathize with both the romantics and classics , but overall , which would you most identify with ? i would be ... i hate when humans make loud noises when chewing . i hate when humans snore . i hate when humans , especially children , scream . i hate when humans have nothing better to speak about than mutual friends ... however , are they intellectually stimulating for other people ? i share my knowledge with others , i also enjoy participating in discussions . i believe so . or do other people understand their ... :/ thank you all for the responses and advice . it has been a week she does have one friend and she has schizoid personality disorder , this is why i'm scared that she won't like me back . your probably right .. how do i get over her :/ ? '