' i just decided yesterday in fact , to become a teacher . i am in the middle of a different bachelor's degree so i am going to finish this one and get a second bachelor's in education . it is something ... lol ! well i guess it is . but it still is gross - _ - yes , i have the same problem . it sucks . yea i have seen the same thing . see , those introverted / outcast friends are really looking for someone to attach themselves to unless they have really developed a confident sense of self . i have had ... haha wow these are great , except maybe the guy with the toilet seat around his neck ... that was a little disturbing . my mother , father , and brother are all istjs and those are exactly the qualities i like about them ... reliable and dependable . they do get really uptight and crazy when things don't go as planned ... like love obsessed , i am junior in college as well . i went through a ton of college major changes . i wanted to find what fit me the best . the key is taking classes in diverse subjects . but if you ... the same thing happened to me . i would develop such hardcore feelings towards guys and they were so intense . i had only known someone maybe a week . i kept it inside though and it simmer and bubbled ... my list ! lose 175 pounds ride a roller coaster and enjoy it win the lottery and help my parents pay off their debt eat and entire gallon of ice cream get married and have kids travel europe ... if you don't know what this is , go to not always right | funny & stupid customer quotes and surf through the quotes . they are amazingly funny and even more so for those people who have worked in ... this cracks me up ! love it ! so true : laughing : congratulations on reach 3,000 ! i hope i can get that high of a post count some day : happy : i think that is an amazing and wonderful goal and i hope that you get to fulfill that goal . i wish you the best of luck and i also hope that you can reach many many people for the better . there need ... yeah , i know exactly what you mean . i like that three strikes rule . i may use that . i had a very thick skin and a hardened heart forever after i got hurt in a really bad long term situation . but i ... oh wow ... this explains who i used to be completely ... i used to be so much like this . i used to be very introverted and constantly have internal conflict because people wouldn't pay attention to me ... yeah , they will get over it even if it takes ages and ages . i put so much care and energy into 2 specific people while i was in high school / beginning of college and it drained me . i went through a ... yeah , i spent 5 weeks in an outpatient eating disorder program at a hospital . the eating disorder is actually controlling you instead of you controlling your eating disorder . it opened my eyes to the ... yeah i also have a very addictive personality . this is why i refuse to even consider doing the whole alcohol thing because i know i will eventually abuse it . i wonder if there are others of us ... a question that has been circling in my head lately is whether or not a certain personality type suffers from eating disorders more than other types . or addictions for that matter . thoughts ? i have ... this post made my day : laughing : i personally am also an advocate of people . not causes or things , but people . i am there to speak up for those who cannot speak for themselves . i give people the benefit of the doubt in most ... : laughing : i try : wink : i know , right ? i love how in both this thread and my personal one we are the only ones posting . i think you scared them all away =) yes , the more time i spend with him individually i seem to find a personality clash . i just wanted to research the topic as much as possible before i made a conclusion about him . as an intj , you can ... of course i wouldn't write off a whole population because i am only aware of one intj friend . i was just trying to compare his behavior to other intjs and see the similarities . i know that everyone ... yeah the constant analyzing of things can get a bit waring . have you ever made a generalization to an intj and they have to pick it apart ? example : it is perfect day outside ! it could be ... yeah , maybe nf would be a better match . he is a great friend and we have spent a ton of time together , but the face that he doesn't outwardly express his emotion when dealing with issues is ... yeah , that is so very true . i do the same thing . i was living in my own apartment for a little bit of time and i had the most random things to eat . that is when you come up with strange food ... haha , not me ! : laughing : haha that sounds like me to a t . i spend all my money on stupid crap that i didn't need and then complain when i don't have money for the things that matter . i am paying off all my credit card debt ... ok enfps , in your experience what has been our ideal love match ? i have heard that intj would be ideal , but i just can't see why so far with the interaction i have had with an intj friend of mine . ... i had a long detailed conversation about work today with my intj friend . we come from two different worlds because of our personality types and we got into a lot of conflict . it makes me wonder why ... yeah it may be particularly easy for us to do such things , but just because it may be in our personality type doesn't mean that we will give in to it . and you are so right about the value system . the ... i love these , omgoodness . i have them inserted in the front of my binder . they make me smile every day ! yeah that is for sure me . wayyy back when i was in gradeschool , i was friends with all the people who didn't belong ( or so it seemed ) . then when the other people who belonged weren't interested in ... :D i do like to consider myself cute and i would love for my future boyfriend to appreciate that . i do nice gestures for the people i care about and spend a lot of time in doing so . so yeah , i made a card for his birthday today and he didn't have much of a reaction to it . i spent like an hour on it last night making it just the way i wanted it . maybe i should stop expecting ... thank you so much , your advice is very very helpful ! i really appreciate it :) it is true that there is a complete difference in us socially . he loves to be social , but i am much more effective about ... but if my friend was frustrated , would he say something ? i have attempted being subtle for our whole relationship with no reciprocation . i have no idea whether he a ) cannot pick up on it , b ) isn't ... i am extremely socially conservative . i agree with many many of the qualifications of being socially conservative . however , when it comes to politics i am considered ( according to a test i took ) a ... i was completely determined to major in psychology for a long time . i had also considered counseling and being a teacher but i ultimately chose to major in christian ministries with a youth ministry ... i am an enfp and i have known an intj for 7 months now . we work together 3 days a week and also hang out socially at a church event every thursday . so in other words , i see him a lot during the week ... '