' yes , a vendor trying to fake smile all the time , didn't like him from the first sentence he said . but i've been wrong few times as well , two of my friends which i found very nosy and intrusive ... getting married , too much pressure , my fiancee can't give me a hug right now . wheel of time - blind guardian ( reading the novel at the same time ) fantasy : the first law series detective : the murder of roger ackroyd philosophy : the stranger by albert camus i used to be uncomfortable in most social situations , that i thought hey , it not my job to bring up casual uninteresting topics to speak about , i am perfectly comfortable with the silence .  ... my dad is an infj , apart from being too strict and religious , we got along fine . apparently he knew / suspected i was intj before i was tested . as much as i dislike those kinds of surgeries , i don't think they should restricted , on top of my mind is criminals changing their faces to avoid authorities , maybe a requirement for all clinics to ... it depends on the conversation , if it was a brief like buying something then i agree , but when my coworker / member of my family blabers for an hour or so on mundane matters , i can't help it . not my proudest moment , when i was in middle school (8 th grade ) , a classmate was being silly and blocking my way , i was already in a bad mode as i just had to put up with an asshole at the same ... according to this : apparently it has to do something with the types not 100 , maybe 3 , the funny when i made a breakthrough through one of the things i was thinking about , my expressions slightly changes and i have hard time explaining to the person that was speaking ... united arab emirates , dubai , rules / laws are a bit more lenient than saudi arabia . when i was 14 or so ( beard grew really early for me ) i know i am , but i don't think it is a type thingie . already bought , maybe waiting for a time when most of the reads are down so it brings me back . i also enjoyed riyira chronicles . mysterious challenger drops the beat been strictly into novels lately , usually fantasy and some scifi or mystery . currently reading wheel of time ( book 6 ) . if anyone wants some recommendations , i highly recommend the first law ... 1 - yeah , but i said if , or maybe you can take the average occurrences of all types it should be the same too . 2 - i am not saying it is 16 % of the population , but being any another type , the 1 % of ... i am a math genius , it should work out . 100/16 = 6.25 1 * 16 = 16 see ? it is perfectly fine , but the logic might be vague , even to me . that is more like the environment they were raised in rather than genetics , also there is the consideration of questions of the quiz itself related to the environment and how tolerants or rude some ... i don't want to be a downer , but i wasn't looking forward to much before clicking on this topic , now i realised there are interesting moments to look forward to . most noticeably the weekend . i guess it is somewhat true . 1 - while i have some social media accounts , i am reluctant to give them away , i don't use them very often anyways . 2 - i am not very workaholic , i can appear so , ... it is achievable , but somewhat hard i guess , brother-sister relationships are proof , an old saying here : whenever a man and a woman are alone together , the devil would be the third . that applies to certain foods and sweets too . florence + the machine - stand by me heard it in ffxv , i remember hearing it first with timon and pumba when i was a kid . i was in about the same , i went for game development , there wasn't a game development or something similar so i went for web development + business ( called business it ) , anyway , i currently work full ... they might be valid partners , you just need to document everything in a paper and sign it , maybe take some legal consultant into the picture . i show more feelings when i am with close friends , i think the ' ' conspiracy theory ' ' part can be true , depends on where you live , i know because i have a relative in prison because of it , but ... the first comes to mind when finding a genie is to ask for more wishes , if you have nothing in particular in mind , you can ask for his email if something comes up and email him later . welcome to the club . there are always the good few . i am not sure how i feel about meetups , i usually prefer smaller circles , a friend of mine ( exxp ) is a social butterfly , he invites people from japan and gives them a tour around the uae , and ... overlooking the accuracy dispute , i think house md is a good example of intj and enfp relationship , but it is not everyone's cup of tea . i enjoyed breaking bad so did my enfp brother . these are ... happened once , or twice about the same , i was in middle school , after school i went to the car and this guy ( dad's friend ) who drives us home kept pestering me to call my brothers , i was in a ... lol , reminds me my arguments with my mom when i was younger , i let her say whatever and keep silent , whenever i try to say anything that makes her at fault she play i'm your mother ! ! ! card . luckily ... as an intj i think we are overrated , it baffles me sometimes why do enfp ( or others ) find us attractive , and no i am not fishing for compliments . i think we are more approachable here in the ... disclaimer : just some questions : my intend is not to offend , apologies in advance if seemed so . how long have you worked on a single project the longest before you got bored ? how is your ... i find you guys more interesting , if that counts to anything </intj> i like writing code . i like writing / brainstorming ideas for possible games / stories i might write up later . i think of myself as somewhat liberal , or at least in the region i am living in ( the middle east ) , anyway , i don't know much about these movements but i find it annoying , forcing their ideals upon ... yeah i think i can tolerate them more than most people but that doesn't mean i like them all , i like only the ones that are especially funny . edit : had to google some jokes : if you think things ... from what i see most people assume most religions and faiths work similar to how christianity works , in the religion i follow god never promised to save anybody or even intervene this life , hence ... when i was in middle school i took the exam , i think i got the same , but i wasn't convinced i was an n , i liked to know how things worked , and in the description on the n on how they looked at the ... i guess breaking them would be more likely , creating better ones in the process , but i am speaking of certain methods or / and best practices , not exactly scientific theories as i have little ... i substitute that for : yes , you already said that yes , i know and in less professional conversations : yeah yeah , next my cousins ( brother and sister ) have autism , i can relate a bit to him , but i am unsure i can type him , he can be surprising smart sometimes , his sister is another story she is 16 or so but can't ... i don't know , but i guess not very easy , i never get along with shallow people , but i know it isn't difficult to keep them for me , my weekends usually consists with balancing out which group i should ... i wanted to visit seattle , looks like the right amount of metro life . i usually go to 3 min cleansing ritual before i use a public bathroom , at work i prefer to go another floor's bathroom , the 5th floor has less offices so i think it's the least used , i can try going ... during the not-so-deep discussions , i find myself repeating stories or past experiences that i sometimes forget i already mentioned them to this person , and the other way sometimes when i make a ... technically speaking his remarks are speculation of the future that are impossible to be true or a fact just yet . '