' rupaul : infj michele visage : esfj violet : istp ginger : estj pearl : isfp kennedy : istj katya : infp bianca : estj yup . pretty sure price is istj . lane infp ? how'd you decide that ? what type do you guys think sex columnist and it gets better creator dan savage is ? personally i think he's likely an estp , and possibly 8w7 sx / so annie : infp lillian : enxp helen : estj megan : estp rhodes : ixfp ted : estp rita : estj becca : isfj i'm going to revise a few : i think stacy is an enfp . i think jodi is infj . and jane ... a lot of people have typed her as isfp but i have trouble with seeing her as fi-dom . anyone have any strong ... seem like an xntj to me . does anyone watch this show ? this is my best guess for everyone's type . thoughts ? zeek braverman : estj camille braverman : infp ( maybe isfp ? ) adam braverman : enfj christina braverman : esfj ... i think selina is estp with a well-developed tertiary fe . jen , the campaign manager for bobby newport in season 4 , is an entp . i think she's hilarious . bobby newport is an esfp . i'm starting to believe that entps are the most likely to question their typing lol ( myself included ) . perhaps it's because we as a type can't let sleeping dogs lie and have to pull at a thread until ... you're making it sound like j's never change their mind . of course they do . but j's set goals and work steadily towards achieving them ; whereas p's change their goals as new information presents ... i disagree . everything is connected . when typing , you look holistically at a person to see overarching trends . personality is connected and related to the words you use , the ideas you have and the ... elle is esfj . that is not the walk of a perceiver . your argument is very compelling , honestly . my only counterpoint is that t vs f are decision making functions , meaning they are most predictive of the criteria / basis for the decisions that ... can you tell me what makes you think enfj ? i personally believe emily and victoria are the same type , and part of the appeal of the show is that the writers keep greying the concept of who's the ... and i would choose istj for that post lol ! it's just meant to be for fun ... don't take it too seriously :) ever come across a facebook post that screams a certain function or typing ? i thought it might be fun to share some here . i'll start it off with some from my newsfeed today : seriously ... anyone watching the abc show revenge ? if so , what do you think about the character's types ? here are my best guesses : emily thorne : intj nolan ross : entp victoria grayson : intj ( possibly istj ? ) ... i think ben seems more like an intuitive as the show goes on . especially in his first appearance , he seemed very istj , which is why he clashed so much with leslie . opposite priorities ( te si vs . fe ... telling me she does it all the time is neither clear nor helpful . can you cite an actual situation where you believe she did that ? can someone explain to me why rachel keeps getting typed as an n ? can you give me an example of her intuition ? leslie : enfj ron : intj anne : isfj ... see her more as an introvert . more reserved in her communication style . chris : esfj ... do not think he's n at all . tom : estp andy : esfp april : intp ben : ... mr . belding - esfj zack - extp kelly - isfp lisa - esfp jessie - estj slater - estp screech - infp what do you guys think about the characters on pretty little liars ? my best guess is : spencer : estj hannah : estp emily : isfp aria : enfp thoughts ? yes , but it's a fictionalized version of the mbti , because aggressive is one of the categories mentioned , which obviously is not really a part of the typing system . however , jack does say they are ... i am very close to several intps and infps . they are perhaps my two favorite types to be around . here's my take on them : infps imo are actually one of , if not the most rational of all the f types ... entp and especially enfp are can be extremely fun-loving types as well . enfps in particular are notorious for desiring change . but here's my impression of sps in general , and why i feel like it may ... you are certainly an n . i also agree with this . i suspect she may actually be nf . i think she could be enfp in reality . wanted to throw one more possible paridigm out there : n's are aware of the parameters governing a situation ; they attend to the structure of a social interaction , an organization , a personality ... can't see liz as a p - she is often criticized for being too routinized and she hates adapting to new situations . as for the nt / nf debate ... i just can't see her as an nf . she hardly excels at ... what do you guys think about the show 30 rock and its characters ? here are my thoughts : liz - intj jack - entj tracy - enfp jenna - esfp kenneth - enfj i would say george is intj and charlie is enfp . is kenny the student ? if so i'd say isfp . well you're a really strong p that's for sure . you don't talk much about e / i tendencies . do you feel energized or taxed by parties / big groups ? would you rather read about something or discuss it ? do ... enfps are by far the easiest to manipulate . they crave acceptance and wear their insecurities on their sleeves . sorry enfps :) ocd is a very broad diagnosis and can apply to almost any one who displays interruptive obsessions or compulsions . in my experience , i've found n's to be more obsessive than s's and j's to be more ... also , isn't analysis associated with ti ? agree with fi-dom label . from the isfps and infps that i've known , both types are very accepting of other people and their needs . they are probably the least judgmental types and have huge capacity ... this is a very nf thought . from your post , you seem more f than t to me . just curious if you think it's possible for p's to be uptight . generally , p's are considered to be laid-back , go-with-the-flow , open-minded types . however , they are also generally disorganized , ... i think in general , n's exhaust s's . commonly s's will tell n's stop overthinking it , you're reading too much into it or not everything has to mean something . to n's , s's seem to ... well she seems clearly e to me , and i don't detect much t in the primary or auxiliary position , so that leaves esfj , esfp , enfj and enfp . of those , esfp just felt like the best fit to me , although i ... what do you guys think about the winners of american idol ? here're my best guesses : kelly clarkson : probably esfp although part of me thinks she could be enfp ? ruben studdard : isfp fantasia : ... i see olive as an entp and rhi as estj . i'd probably go with : bianca - esfp kat - intj or entj cameron - infp joey - estj patrick - estp gothicanew , since you insisted in spewing your opinion all over this thread , i really feel compelled to tell you how truly ignorant you sound . you saying no one should be diagnosed / medicated for ... michael : istj . dependable , responsible , practical . very duty-bound , but not particularly empathetic . he helps his family because it's the the right thing to do ( sj ) , not because he really wants to ... sounds like an intj to me . maybe istj . ron is an nt . he focuses on making decisions in an extremely logical , unsentimental and pragmatic way . unlike an sj , he hates to do things just because that is how they have been done . sj's tend to ... '