' the brothers karamazov by fyodor dostoevsky . it's a fictional story centered on philosophy . the conflicts between the brothers represent the struggles within the author's mind as he tries to accept ... which thread relates to you more ? or ... of course we intuitives make up a minority irl , and there probably aren't many of you who find yourself surrounded by us . but for those of you who do ... complete the question . this thread was ... i've used this analogy to explain to a friend how i feel when i'm surrounded by sensors ! i guess there are people out there who do think like me . when you stare at the wall in your free time . when you probably would watch paint dry . dear istjs , do you believe that failure is sometimes more important than success ? or is success always the best outcome ? why ? si . why do you ask ? q answers so i'm clueless as to what my type is . i'm not even sure what my mbti type is , i just put intj because i always test as it . i'm either intj , intp , or istj . anyway , that doesn't matter . i ... yeah he likes you , no doubt . i , as well as my intj friend , almost always hold eye contact with someone when talking to them and almost never look away . i only tend to avoid eye contact if i'm ... when you first started learning how to drive , you never knew how to get places because you always zoned out when your parents drove you . i just came up with a good one . life to an ni user is like being in a public swimming pool . everyone is gathered in the shallow end . they enjoy being in the shallow end , as they like how they can ... smile :) : | when a movie / book / tv character's lack of foresight genuinely annoys you . what do you mean you didn't plan for what you would do after invading that planet ? and you didn't plan for the possibility of ... . a student's notes that contains terrible handwriting that no one can read except him . when you're on your phone and you accidentally text your friend what you meant to google , confusing them as to what purpose your search has . istjs , on a scale of 1-10 , how aware of your surroundings are you ? do you ever just zone out in thought and go on autopilot when your surroundings are uninteresting ? for example if you're at a ... when you've finally found your home planet after reading this thread . i thought i was the only one who did a lot of the things here , but i'm not alone ... do you guys tend to say things in a cryptic way that causes people to take what you say on face value or just get confused ? i usually do this to convey a concept or idea . for example , here's a convo ... lol exactly . and then they tell you to stop reading into things so much , saying that doing so will make you insane . when in reality , not looking for the deeper meaning will make you insane . excerpts sister's birthday . she blows out the candles on her cake me in head : i wonder why we blow out candles on birthd - a realization suddenly hits me like a train when sometimes the only thing you learn about a theory is that there's a name for it double post i was wondering if i was intj or intp . i guess this response means that i'm probably intp ... hmm ... let's look at fe through an ixfj's perspective and te and fi through an ixtj's perspective . fe can make an ixfj look extroverted because it causes them to look for things they have in ... when making group decisions , do you focus on what others believe and value or do you want to do what you think is the right thing ? if you answered yes to the first one , you have fe if you answers ... when you think that your alarm went off , so you go to take a shower , only to realize afterwards that it's 3:00 am . this happened to me when i was buying a movie ticket double post when you accidentally pour your coffee into your cereal bowl . when you're outside and it takes a few minutes to realize it's drizzling . why you suddenly think about a person and the next thing ... well , looks like it's an even split lol . almost yes to everything . intp questions : 1 . yes . i hate it when people don't spell something correctly or their grammar is wrong . and i also chastise ... first of all i have a question that might answer all my problems . is mbti ni the same as socionics ni ? if so , i'm definitely an mbti intj . anyway , i'm starting to doubt my type . i labeled myself ... one morning , i wake up and take a shower . when i get out and go downstairs to make breakfast , i'm on autopilot . my mom ( xnfx ) is also in the kitchen me : * gets out bowl , gets cereal out of the ... i'm not trolling . on my last post , i realized that the topic was a bit pointless to discuss , as there is no real evidence for how the universe was created . so instead i decided to offer this topic ... op , i suggest taking a look at naomi quent's book , was that really me ? excerpts can be found all over the forums . by inferior eruption he's referring to being in the grip . if we take a look at ... dear intp's , needless to say , technology today appears to be advancing at an exponential rate . it seems like everyday there's a new piece of technology on the market . now my question is what ... dear intj's , needless to say , technology today appears to be advancing at an exponential rate . it seems like everyday there's a new piece of technology on the market . now my question is what ... dear istj's , needless to say , technology today appears to be advancing at an exponential rate . it seems like everyday there's a new piece of technology on the market . now my question is what ... these are exactly the responses i was looking for . i was trying to find out just how much istj's hate talking about such abstract topics . i didn't want a serious debate , which is why this is in the ... the universe could've created itself . the first law of thermodynamics states that matter can neither be created nor destroyed . but hear me out . something can come from nothing . forget the first law ... in head : $ % & % $ $ @ ^ % $ & % * & # 4657685643 2 makes purpose sense explaining : and then uh ... and ... uh ... don't ask me how my day was . don't say how crazy the weather was yesterday because more likely than not , i wasn't paying attention . don't lie to me to spare my feelings understand that we ... intj friend has algebra final next period . intj : ok i'm clueless on logarithms . me : i haven't studied them yet , but i'll try to help . intj : if you can't solve this equation then i lose all ... while in car , xxtj dad driving xxtj : whoa ! did you see that ? that guy just ran a red light . me : no i didn't see it xxtj : how did you not see it ? it was right in front of us ! later on that same ... me ( intj ) and my dad ( xxtj ) xxtj : intj go skim the pool . intj : * goes to skim pool , comes back inside * xxtj : don't you feel like you accomplished something ? intj : no . xxtj : what ? why ? intj : ... i don't know what selma said about si , but my understanding of it is that si is a type of sensory memory and i wanted to see if my notions were correct . without looking , see if you can list what color each letter is in google extrovert in mbti isn't the same as extrovert in everyday use . in mbti it has more to do with direction your thoughts / energy flows . i do get a strong n and ti vibe from you but i can't say for ... me ? an extrovert ? lol . i'm sorry i just can't see that ixtj am i intj or istj ? this is driving me insane ! i've read every article like this and i still can't till which i am . so here are some things : things told to me : you're wandering around ... '