' well fuck me lol i don't know if i likes or dislikes when i forgot an s or something likes that and comings off likes a east european edit : sry for not being ... cheer up ! you're destined for great thing ! : cool : i'm talking about the one we decided upon at the last conference / global playdate dude ! i think you remeber , it's a bit like one of those you linked but we can't let other types know what it is ... i'm talking about the truck that hit the car , not the one with the camera . welcome ! let's all do the secret estp dance to celebrate this event . burn the heretic ! kill the mutant ! purge the unclean ! sexual debut ? : - o ;-) man you polacks sure know how to live ! i wonder if animals feels something we could call sadness / grief if for example their child dissappears without them having no clue . and also if they die next to them without the mother realising . ... breakfast :) luckily the eggs are boiling as we speak .. uh as .. i type . :'( maybe he'll return like the phoenix bird and when we talking about homie i miss mah hamie chad 0 lol chad 0 would get it :'( cuz he says hamie all the time ... the mind is putting together everything that is something into something that we percieve as making sense in normal cases ( everyday life ) , because we create what sense is out of the infant madness ... what is no motion ? : o never have i heard of such a peculiar thing . ^ _ ^ we're flying through space ! well everything has size and motion everything is exactly the same : cool : i wish there was some moony person who could explain the difference in a retard-friendly yet weirdly erotic way . people say it's the motion of the ocean that matters . : c every night i pray to god that only size matters . i am rely good and others are bad i am happy cuz i'm rich and they are poor and sad og loc ... i'm thinking about kinda only listening to rebelution for a while ... but maybe that will make me kinda gay ? ugh i dislike like 60 % of the music on my playlist now : s maybe just a bad day .. so i ... please pa , not this again . :( it's disturbing enough as it is fap fap fap checkmate sociual justice warriors well i guess i for one could accept some moderate attractiveness , if she's reeeally stupid . but i will never stand for clever ! ( pun very much intended ) * thank * a tv-show imo yes , this is a true incarnation of god it's not even close to how gozar sounds xd that's pretty cool except the thing had a derp voice nevah ! ! 1 huhh ? thats like your opinion :@ * cri * inthefridge should come back :( ( ( they are very often very sincere which i like extremly much . and depending on the manifestation of their ni web , we can go along quite well ! atleast they are fun to be around for a while / long time . i ... the world is heading somewhere . : o or maybe i'll move somewhere with just a few , easy cleaned , streets . heh or uh .. a lot of rain .. whatever makes the metafor work with just making me sound a ... some day a real rain will come and wash the scum of the streets woho i'm a winner .. weiner feels like the truck driver could have turned away more : s probably drunk ? cheesus yes it should , then i could dismiss that aswell to inflate my sense of superiority even more welcome :) yes .. they must be handy .. ehehe do you get hungry when you don't eat for a couple of days ? man would i love to freestyle stuff on a violin gotto learn how to play it's pretty easy , right ? right ? ? that means you have common sense :) you don't value mental masturbation over actuality . meibi u aint got no type ? meibi bad biches is .. lol cba .. ( i'd say esfp if you really want one , but mbti ... and also how's that for a spelling ? ! ( great song : $ ) pick it up ! i dare you ! : crazy : dinner's ready ! ! hey they messed with my caps that's great ! i think . : unsure : time to cook some liver * slaps own face * pwetty please ? it's a little late if it's about the thread but i still appreciate the gesture . let's be bored together and do a bored dance :-) i had interesting ways of entertaining myself : o still do ... these guys are cute ^ so then everything that's neat is art ? : d edit : neato * edit 2 : art has obscured normal human forms of expressions into having to fit certain templates for what art is , it's bogus ! nothing is art because everything is art . my sources tells me that art has been perverted beyond recognition , it was created as a mean of transfering information trough the eons but now peoples ... the thought of boinking ( and etc ) an entj girl appeals to me and i'd love the directness etc etc . i'm not sure they can chill tho ? a thing that would probably be both an issue and something ... '