' charismatic little shit that can be loud and abrasive if that doesn't describe enneagram 8 then i don't know what does . :D lmao ... ? as for the infp entj thing , you two types are made for ... i play eternity warriors 3 on my mobile when i have the time . other than that , i don't play anything . ew3 pisces me off though because i can't play a character as the lady that i am . i have to play ... this isn't the desire of every intp , as they can be 5w6 ' s and have an so / sp stacking . but i am a 5w4 sx / sp and yeah ... i know exactly how you feel . you'll just need to find someone with the same ... you know you're an enfp when you cry everyday and it's perfectly normal . ... let me know guys , am i completely off here ? : tongue :: wink : i'll answer for the intjs . i know precisely one intj . huzzah . 1 . yes . but he has it all planned out so that could be why . fucking planner . 2 . this is actually how i met him . but i could tell he ... we don't use safe words here in the intp forum . you think life's that easy , punk ? ! yup . because if you're wrong , you're going to know it . : wink : how about us 13 argumentative intps find these 9 passive intps and beat em up ! come on ! how dare you not let people know how ... one must imagine sisyphus happy and all that bullshit . i'm an intp and i'm deeply attracted to esfp's . i cannot stand most esfj's , though . this concept of duality is just complete bullshit and people should stop brainwashing themselves into believing ... i wish i could finally get to ivar mountains and defeat all those bastards so i can start playing as a female instead of some zenned out monk man . this is ridiculous . i am not male e . w . i ... am not ... * pulls out rolaids * yes ... yes it is . * pops one in mouth * fuck you . i feel so loved : th_love : fu-cking hott-ie ! ahem ... i mean ... what arakkun said . the people on this thread are so attractive . you guys are lovely . quick . shut down the thread . you're making the infj's sad . oh btw , you intj's are fucking assholes for not picking on me . i relate to his . it's so odd . why is that ? well done . op you sounded like a bitchy infp there for a second . i generally don't like bitchy judgmental infp's . pffft , the intp subforum is the only one that lacks the most bullshit . it doesn't make me feel safe , though . no bullshit at all would make me feel safe . but that's sadly nowhere to be found on the ... we assume people have common sense and the ability to make sound decisions , when in actuality , people are just so fucking stupid sometimes . and blindly so . a lot of ignorant infp's and entj's have ... intp ’ s tend to be 5 ’ s . they integrate to 8 when they ’ re healthy . they become more decisive , authoritative , and can direct change . they can look like 8 ' s at this stage , but that does not make 5 ’ s 8 ’ s ... an infp 8 ? haha ... that will be the day . do enfp's find the actor / actress lifestyle appealing ? benefits : - a lot of travel - meeting a lot of new , creative people - understanding a character - being directed and supported - creativity ... i'd overdose on heroin just to finally know what it feels like to really feel numb . lol . i'd shoot up a trailer park first , though . because ... come on . i've never actually felt intimidated . i've felt annoyed , irritated , angry , etc . towards certain people but intimidation because of a certain someone is something completely foreign to me . a few of my ... : th_sur : fine ! you're an addict yet your logic is infallible . makes sense . this is a warzone , infj . not a venting thread . oh look . we have an infj know it all on the thread . talk about an attention whore . you have your actual picture as your avatar . do you think you look good ? in actuality you look like an even more ... look at this guy with his e / intj signature . aren't you the type of intj who fantasizes about the leadership qualities entj's have that you'll never actually obtain ? is the internet the only place ... i ’ m an intp 5w4 so i tend have a darker flare compared to other 5w4 ’ s . post some of your favorite resting music along with your type . let's give an idea of what exemplifies the 5w4 vibe . a lot of ... this thread is useless and its gained way too much traction . at least the other threads are creative , intriguing , or have something related to mbti . if you want advice on something so simple and ... how has this thread not been shut down yet ? it's threads like these that really take away from the quality of this site . it's funny that no one on this thread realizes that this person is obviously trolling . lol . how intuitive . great signature . it annoys me that intj's make generalizations like being an intj means anything . no . it doesn't . the only thing being an intj means is this : you carry the functions ni , te , fi , se . in that ... i admit i do feel this way . maybe because i'm bisexual . penis envy is a thing . not because i'd rather be a man . i love being with a woman . but when i'm with another woman i have to admit that i want ... because we want you to listen to the words we are saying instead of the tone it is being said in . i don't have sloppy writing . i dress better than most everyone i know . :d ry : until i breach this 15 post restriction ... if i can continuously post ... i wonder ... it ’ s not a paradox because even 5 ’ s realize not everything is logical . you should realize this too . 5 ’ s are human beings and have natural desires . he ’ s most likely an fe user . i only hear this kind ... ix92m against gun control , but the constitution has been disregarded so many times that it wouldnx 92t surprise me if even more laws were put in place to completely get rid of them . i grew up in the hood , ... i don ’ t exactly relate to a lot of the intp ’ s on this site but that is my type so here is my intro . intp enneagram 5-8- 4 sx / sp i ’ m not sure if any other intp ’ s or enneagram 5 ’ s can relate to ... they are my favoriteee . : th_love : here you go . a useless xnfp . every xnfp i've met has been exactly like this and it's just pathetic and gross how smothering and clingy they are . let that provide you with a little bit of insight as ... i'll spell it out in idiot language . he . does . not . want . you . listen , you just have to accept the fact that some people are just not going to want you sometimes . istp's and even intp's are known ... estj or istj because of how much of an overbearing asshole he is . oh god ... you sound like an enfp i know ... always falling for shitty , unhealthy bad boy istp's . like ... he was fucking you on the side while he had a girlfriend and he kept that info from you . he ... '