' * * haven't logged in and read posts for over 6 months so am catching up on everything . i am a black belt in shotokan and am doing muay thai now . 1 ) for learning more sparring . 2 ) travel ... to the person trying to enter the shop via the automatic door ... ummm that isn't the automatic door , that is just a large glass window ... the door is around the corner ... i sit centred middle or near the front but never front or second row ... if i don't want to listen , but still attend a lecture just in case i sit middle / back rows to the side ... i used to think that too ... after a while i accepted it and i like it . i will remember them but i don't miss them ... sometimes i think i should , but for the most part i know i will see them again ... i suck at putting those 4 pegs on those ikea shelves in line so that you can place the actual shelf on top . i always put the other peg hole too high ... have to step back and look at it to check ... i was just wondering what people thought about donating money for a cause . i am using australia as an example . suppose there was a natural disaster ( on an island ) in a third world country ... i like i like teal'c too . he is so amusing . can't say i have heard of stargate infinity . * * so i will search it now and see what it is . * = _ = no comment . bahaha . yes , i liked sg1 the best ... atlantis was good too . i find universe more drama and kind of slow and frustrating sometimes . story line . quite slow . = _ = it's nothing like the others ! haha ... i just wanted to know what personality type you thought the main characters were ... so the question is ... who is your favourite character and what personality type do you think they are ... ? ... psychological thrillers , cryptic crosswords , novels , casual debates with friends , reading some of the threads on pc . : tongue : haha i usually don't say anything because of politeness , but if their unrealistic views annoy me , i can't help but burst the bubble . usually i just bite the bullet and swallow my words . : laughing : i love the sparrows as they hop along the ground looking for crumbs . i love the funny fat pigeons that insist on walking up and down flights of stairs instead of flying . i like it when people scare ... ( i don't have a large vocabulary , but wish i did ) i prefer words more than number puzzles . sudoku is ok , but i like target . - the square with 9 letters . ( you have to make as many words as ... i have recently been fascinated in cryptic crosswords ( even though i am a failure at them ) ... sometimes ( who am i kidding , like all the time ) when i am stuck , the answer is so blatantly obvious in ... counsellors ( to some extent do help ) but i think it is up to the individual to try and be open minded . i wish i had gone to a counsellor a while ago . i think they are alright for just talking to ... i have a soft spot for ducks ... i love it when you see them all walking in a line ( playing follow the leader with mother duck ) . when they cross the road and walk around it is the absolute cutest . i know some people cringe but i thought ludwig ( kat von d's kitty ) was kind of cute . = sphinx cat i am going to start university for digital art in 2011 . ( gaming animation ) just have to pick my courses with in my animation program . imaging , animation , special effects . etc . ummm ... side effects in what way ? ( virus ? ) i own a mac , but i am sure that vuze is for both mac / windows . if you mean viruses i have been using ( azureus and the new version called ) vuze for quite ... muahahahaa , that's awesome ... any reason in particular ? i like dogs too . i used to think i was solely a dog person but i am starting to like domestic cats more . i am in love with airedale terriers . vuze will do this . usually shows results from btjunkie , kickasstorents etc . * cough ... vuze , so i've heard . what are your favourite animals ? i like lions and birds ( in general ) ... i like the look of the lion and what it represents and i like the feathers and the look and way birds go about their lives ... i don't get scared , i get a tad annoyed . i like being subtly praised and complimented about things ( such as achievements ) , but i ( really , really ) hate it when people make a big deal about things ... the thought ( and feelings ) of internal / external catch 22 ' s ... the feeling like things go in an infinite circle ( snake eating its tail ) and you feel like you can't do anything to get out of the ... i don't consider myself an adult , but just mature . i have always been mature ( in my mind ) ... the day i turned 18 , i woke up and remember thinking to myself ... well , i don't feel any older ... a lie that has been told so many times it becomes so real ... muahaha . i like this comment . i find it quite true . i would tots be happy ... free food > _ < i'm a skinny bitch with a fast metabolism .. i take what i can get ! muahahahaa . ( i'd thank you twice cos you made me smile , but i can't ) why do you think some people lean more to the end result rather than the thought ... ? i decided to ask this because my brother ( who is istj ) has that general mentality ( that it doesn't matter if ... the phrase : it's the thought that counts in general , do you believe in this or are you one to say that it doesn't matter if it was the thought ... the end result was crap . i tend to ... muahahaa ... i am an entp and i go through and experience and question things like this a lot . it seemed that the achievements and the doubts and the expectations and the way we went about it were ... you and i ( entp ) are very , very similar , although ( not sounding like a poo but ) i could sense you were an enfp . i too have this image dilemma . the idea of what part of me is real , what part is not ... - - - 1 - - - > > camp < < i was on camp , felt something pulling at my bag ( like a friend being a loser and grabbing onto a tag and pulling as i hiked up ) but when i turned the closest person was 10m ... if i could do another style it would definitely be krav maga . it is so interesting and useful . do you take part in a martial arts ? why do you do that particular type ? what is your mb type ? what martial arts would you do ( if you do not already ) ? - - - i am an entp i do shotokan ... london . i saw a guy in a tail coat and a top hat and i thought , this is an epic city ~ ! i think people have a notion that cbrs dont rub or cause receding as much ( in the mouth department ) ... as for piercings in general , maybe because they were some what uncommon , it is the reason why ... indeed . i think i ( sometimes ) unknowingly store up certain emotions for a rainy day as a defence mechanism . except for anger ... i hate raging because it can lead to bad consequences but in ... nice nice . i think a dermal anchor would be pretty cool . one day . yes , i have noticed labrets in general are not a common . everyone seems to like bioplast or cbrs in general . i would change a few ... bahahahahhahahahaa . i can't say that has ever crossed my mind . agreed . hahahaa . it is funny you said that ... i got a piercing , which another friend of mine has and i consider her a bit lazy ... indeed ... i mean , a lot of the negative things you read on the internet about the major dangers of infections from tattoos and piercings are quite rare . it's just that people who don't get infections ... i find for the most part , i am all dried up . when i want to cry , i can't . when i don't want to cry , i do . even if someone dies and i want to , i can't ... it seems like whenever i am in a ... i agree , i do not know what to do with them ... or even why i have them . when i get emotional , i always ask myself why ? . when something happens , i find that for the most part , i have no reason ... i am not going say i don't have emotions or that events in my life don't make me emotional , because that would be a lie ... but , for the most part i am not an emotional person . i love being an ... my habits are as follows : i don't like dessert . i don't really like dairy - milk , custard , cream ... ( thus , i drink soy milk through preference ) i eat super slow - everything has to be ... answer : ___ . yes , i do * blank * but am starting my university course in digital arts soon . aka . gaming animation . agreed . in the end no one can make the last decision except the individual . everyone else can try sway that person's decision but in the end it isn't their's to choose ... they have their own ... only loose plans . i lie . i wouldn't say domination . the world can be my yarn and i shall prevail and play cat ... i don't socialise that much ... i lie . ( i do but i don't feel like i do ) it is the evidence ( ie . photographs ) during the aftermath and my personality that creates the illusion that i go out and ... '