' i know why the author of this topic has abandoned it ; this is becoming a post your favorite poem thread , i would've preferred if we focused on one poem and discussed it , but that's just me . i have theory that enfps lean heavily on the dominant side of the submissive / dominance spectrum in bed . can i here from ya'll ? thanks . :D and anybody else , feel free to post / discuss what side you ... i deny eating in front of my computer ! but i just got back from wendy's , and i really enjoy their bacon n ' blue ( cheese ) burger . : wink : i've read infps are the most likely to seek out personality tests . that probably explains your presence on this forum . seeking reaffirmation ! yeah , but us americans are used to it by now . ( seriously you should see how we are portrayed in some foreign films ! , its really quite sad : sad :) the japanese are said to be by some the most unique race on the earth . they must be infj . :p roud : i think japan is an nf . st is a more western thing , thinking literally , concretely , whereas in japan and the east they intuit a lot more . just compare their video games , and look at anime , does that ... volunteer ! do some charity work , look online for how to get involved in your area , it can be very fulfilling . also , attend some plays or lectures at your local college or nearby . ( just a ... are you no longer there ? i can play whenever now . count me in to any future games as well . : wink : xd zomg this would be soo funny ! ha ha ha ha ha ! this is more really cute than really annoying . : tongue : speak to a psychiatrist , they'll be able to assess the depth and potential for violence of these thoughts . i've met an evil infp before . everyone thought he was bipolar ( which he probably was ) . look for small inconsistencies in their behavior and views on morality . don't look for large signs , seek small ... do enfps turn into fuzzballs when angry ? : shocked : must ... try ... this out . it sounds less like a personality conflict to me though , and more of a personal dislike of each other . i've never ... projector on top of a car , so you can have a drive-in movie wherever your are . wow , i wish i didn't click that . ( at least it wasn't rickroll ) they look kind of like the wood spirits from princess mononoke . we need more threads like this . cute overload :D ... wow , that actually doesn't sound so bad . does that make me gay . : mellow : : unsure : edit : i'm getting my basket of figs , and a couple of mice . pm if you are interested ( and bring some cheese ... just kidding : crazy :: tongue : post your thoughts : happy : * waits to see who enters this thread * i've been seeing these cartoons around the forum and just found the database of them . azuzephre's pon and zi ... english and epistemology ( theory of knowledge ) is this your house ? it's nice . : happy : this is probably his master plan to keep his thread going on indefinitely . near , can you say just as planned nobody post ! isn't their a second life mmorpg . i can't guarantee it will be more interesting though . : sad : yes , i'm big on volunteering . also if you have guest speakers , plays , visiting music / dance groups to your campus ( or even other local colleges ) you may want to visit these places also . but really , ... it's like a band-aid , do it quickly , but then massage them afterwords . also , ask if they have any questions . you have ! thank you . :p roud : by the way , enfp's are my favorite type : wink : oh god would i choose an enfp . any volunteers ? : laughing : i'm pretty sure obama is an enfj , but i'm definite he is an nf . i can read enfp's very quickly and easily , and he seems more definitely a j to me . i personally do not believe he is fit to lead ... he's referring to a play called wicked . ^ _ ^ good play ; i answered yes . two poems of great significance by the famous , german lyricist , rilke . they're about learning to love the questions of the answers you seek , and becoming those questions and in time they will open ... in order to be great , a movie or book has to evoke an emotional connection from the audience . the audience has to care about the characters they're watching , and care about the outcome of the story ... ah , wicked right ? i answer absolutely ! caution ! you are about to enter a no spin zone . :p roud : i forgot to mention ponyo ! that was such a great movie . * looks starry-eyed into the sky * nobody's mentioned sherlock holmes which has yet to be released , but looks really entertaining . i didn't like up . haven't seen avatar but have heard it is revolutionary . yes , i agree with everything you all have said . impressionism paintings aside , i also like the confessional poetry movement largely started by anne sexton and sylvia plath one of my favorite recipes , which todos mis amigos se encantan , it's kind of like a cross between french toast and a grilled cheese sandwich . it's simple , but has a fresh quality in their flavor that ... no offense , but i don't think this is such a great idea . a different person coming up with the setting , the characters , etc ? if you want a quality story then these things need to all weave into each ... the test is only self-declared 75 % accurate , and myers-briggs said that you are the best judge of your own personality . that being , have you read more descriptions ? i scored first as an enfp , then ... i take it you've seen the movie fearless . : tongue : go to norway ( where dance dance revolution is an official sport ) and compete in ddr ! also , keep your eyes peeled for strange , unexplained light shows . enjoy the auroboralises , and the long ... i'm airing with humor :p roud : ( clips of particularly egregious mastiakes in script-writing , special effects , etc ) ... wow ! i just gained a new appreciation for the insight of istj's . : shocked : posted : looking for a serious relationship * watches enfp's run away * ^ _ ^ i think istj's have an accurate opinion ... lol , you'll never guess the coincidence . some organization has begun writing inspirational quotes around campus with orange chalk . i was too late ! : shocked : lol ! i had gotten through like , half of your post earlier , then saw how much was left and decided to leave . ( sry ) i'm sure many people here would be happy to give their advice if you kept the ... thanks taro . to elaborate on how people interpret ethics though . while their are many ways to interpret whats good and what's the right thing to do there are typical themes that trustworthy and ... lol , posts aern't counted in the spam world . you're still at post 9 . same goes for you harmony . : tongue : '