' i hope interracial marriage isn't white genocide . lol , because by that logic i've been committing a lot of genocidal-esque acts as of lately . as much i heavily disagree with racial purists like ... taking care of emails . sipping coffee . and listening to jazz . now this is how i'd like my office to be like . god is dead . god remains dead . and we have killed him ... [ there will never be enough water to wash away the blood ] . - friedrich nietzche sally , we've done it . we've finally achieved ever lasting peace ! tommy i'm so excited ! imagine all the things we could accomplish now that there's no wars , no conflicts , no differences . ... took a lot of things on my plate , now it's all coming at once . now i have to hold my breath and power through it . been sick and out of it all week ... finally feeling better today but all my plans went down the drain after my date bailed on me last minute . ( our date was during the daytime ) whatever . i went to go ... my voice is all hoarse , but i generally feel fine . i hope it's not the same cough that i had earlier this year where my voice sounded like darth vader for a whole good month . there's too many n types on this forum . i want to see more sj and sp members be more active in the forums . if you want your crush to notice you , you need to leave subliminal romantic post-it notes on their desk like : i'm watching you . always . this post-it note is to remind you that you're never ... girls : omg , it's so big and so hard ! me : yeah , that's my ego . lol ... i guess it makes sense . is this real life ? or is this fantasy ? caught in a landslide ... math ? what is this heresy you speak of ? ! intps are all robots that masturbate to math equations . canadian furniture is more valuable than gold ... that's what our local drug dealer told me . i'm blind . i can't see anything . if a guy in a room is posting memes and no one around is laughing , does it make a sound ? i don't know how i end up here . i'm usually lost . i'm become a jar of pickles . ethical vegetarians are a menace to society . one the great disney mysteries of all time . pinocchio should call his doctor if he has a boner 24/7 . i become smarter when i hangout here . like genius smarter . hottest vid on spankwire . 10/10 would fap again . i blame technology . pretty soon pua boot camps will be automated and it'll put puas out of work . puas need to eat too . there once was a man named joke he like to go around and poke whatever was near , there was nothing to fear , until he was punched and choked ! : kitteh : so fun ! is pokemon too mainstream ? is magic : the gathering for posers ? is yu-gi-oh for geeks ? well i have news for you ... yes they are ! that's why here at spam world inc . we've invented , send nudes , ... all.one she's so curvy and juicy : i can't read english . but you can't eat it ! what's the point ? ! except for the whip cream that comes out . this all the memes i have sir ! please i'm trying to feed my family , my boy he's quite hungry . oh you think darkness is your ally ? i take everything seriously on the internet , especially spam world . the only things i don't take seriously are courtroom trials and crime scenes . i was hesitating to do this , but i do actually like karaoke especially when singing oldies , so here goes : till there was you by the beatles ( short rendition ) vocaroo | voice message the way ... : shocked : the legendary pokemon has appeared . so ... this is what the fabled white person does . i've only heard about them in tales lost in time . but too see it first hand is ... amazing . procrastinating is for the weak . i just don't do it ! i'm actually 1 and 1/2 years old . your soul is a purple seahorse that's walking on a beach next to some dirty green water ? i was faking being an n type before it was cool only if she's already going through riga mortis . last dead chick i made out with still had a pulse , didn't feel right . was expecting this : but sully will suffice what if you have fun sending pictures of big toes to the moderators ? $ 2,000 ... if there's stains . spam makes me hungry . world makes me thirsty . i wish i could dear atamy but i only like thirdhand used underwear . : crying : it's the only way i can feel normal again . hey you . yeah you . if you sit on your phone . you'll sit in silence and be alone . and be thinking of all the pretty women you could bone . then you'll feel the vibration and be in the ... lol . what ? ? '