' i don't like casual sex . i wish i did , but my instincts about sex tell me that it is a profoundly emotional and event spiritual act , rather than a truncated encounter with another person's body . ... i love jewelry , partly because i like to make jewelry ! i wear my own designs . g_w , it is certainly a violation of the lease . i could get into quite serious trouble . there is , in fact , a way to make toast with our stove , which uses natural gas . we have a small pan that ... the legal terms of campus housing state that no one other than the leased tenants may reside in the apartment . when i was about thirteen i started emailing a dutch girl and so became interested in the language . studied it for a little while - can't remember as much as i would like to , but it was one of my ... wow , this is way too much fun . freckleface , i adore the dutch language . facts about me : 1 . i'm a religious studies major at an ivy league university . 2 . i have three younger brothers but no ... i had no choice ; it's a college apartment and i have to deal with whoever ends up here . i am , but it's hard for me to admit to it . i hate this part of my character . the ironic thing is that most of the criticism comes from me . sometimes it's hard to tell whether type emerges from mental illness . personally , while i believe in the mbti quite strongly , i also think boundaries are difficult to discern : i am definitely an infp ... yes , i do suffer from panic attacks but have become relatively good at controlling my reaction to the symptoms : i tell myself they will pass shortly . i tend to experience them in large , open ... hi everyone , i have a roommate dilemma . a new girl recently ( in the middle of january ) replaced my old roommate and has been causing a lot of problems , but i'm not sure how to handle them . i find ... my pastor himself is an excellent source of wisdom and safety , but he's on sabbatical . this was a different priest , and i can't say i'll ever take anything this serious to his attention again ! you guys are so helpful . thank you ! ! i confessed to one of my fellow parishioners , who i think is also an infp ( she writes novels ! ) , that i was being harassed , and she was all like , oh haaayyyl ... edit : i've just realized this is posted in the wrong place ; i'm now waiting to see if it might be taken down , since i intended to post only in the infp forum ! oops ! there's an old man at my church ... i don't give a f * * * how much the world wants you to stop dreaming ; don't even think about listening ! 1 . failure 2 . throwing up 3 . certain body types . like , for some reason thin men terrify me 4 . getting fat 5 . a lot of cartoons - there's something otherworldly and disturbing about them so here's the thing : i am definitely an infp and simply tend to obsess over being perfect all the time . grades , friends , weight , anything . it's not unusual for infps to be perfectionist . also , i do ... who else worries incessantly about having perfect grades in school ? i just got a b + and an a - for two of this past semester's courses and feel quite sad about it , even though i do have an a + as well ... i really don't like being touched . ever . at all . i hate phone conversations . it's , like , awkwardness amplified times a bajillion . and i mean i hated it before texting or emailing or anything . dude , being an infp in kindergarten was a freaking nightmare for me ! complete with cartoon sound effects . bahahaha , i used to study dutch ! ! ahahahaha , i love knowing that i'm not alone in my spaciness ! my body : 23 . my brain : roughly 95 . share your awkward infp moments from childhood ! many of us were classic infp children . here's one : on the bus home from kindergarten , the bus drove right by my house . i was lost in a daydream but ... nope , but perverts think it means i'm easy prey . i sometimes like myself too , but , like you , i rather doubt the positive things i hear from others because i have become so accustomed to censoring those parts of myself that others don't seem to like ... me too ! 1 . you have a baby face so you must be super innocent ! do you know what a condom is ? 2 . hey , you don't have the rhode island accent ! do you hail from minnesota ? 3 . you must be an ... i have type 1 diabetes - it can be such a nightmare , and as if i didn't feel different from everybody around me to begin with ! ! and i hate having so little control over my physiology . so you're ... showing off my freaking epic hand-me-down lizard-ring . 414802 anybody else feel like they constantly need praise or reassurance in order to feel worthwhile or productive ? i try to remain somewhat detached about it , reminding myself that most ( not all ! ) of ... forgot my insulin more than a few times ... head in the clouds ... i'm logical enough in day-to-day interactions , and in academics , that many people think i fall into the intp or intj category . which is cool with me , but if only they could get into my head ! yes , as i said , i don't think all of these fourteen people are intuitives . i think some of them mistyped themselves . geometry . directions . anything mechanical or spatial . infp . makes sense . as i said , it does depend a lot on the company one keeps ! also ... not sure if they've all taken the test , or if they've educated themselves much about the types . honestly , i don't know ... my closest friend says she is an infj , and i think she is speaking the truth . interesting that you think intj is a common mistype ; i suppose i can imagine why people would ( want to ) think of ... i type all my professors ... ahahaha , my istj professor almost never smiled , even when telling a joke to the whole class . i recently asked a group of my friends to tell me their mbti types if they knew them . the responses were as follows : 1 . infj 2 . infj 3 . entj 4 . infp 5 . infj 6 ... 408562 indeed ; i should be quite surprised at myself if i laughed . same to you ! i feel exhausted today as well , but i think tomorrow might be better . i wholeheartedly agree . can't wait to start that new 9:00 to 5:00 job as an auditor ... i find this so weird ; i always wanted to be more of a sensor ! ! ! after discovering how people view n versus s , i was totally perplexed . i hear you ! ! ! i feel this way often . i've wondered before if i might have asperger's but feel relatively confident that i don't . don't worry ; there's nothing wrong with you . you're just an infp . '