' it's a little late now to add to the convo but i came to a realization recently about enfj guys that i thought to share . i didn't want to be with a f type anymore because i'd had bad experiences ... hmm . this is actually opposite for me . i loved geometry because i could just plug things in and get an answer . i wish that math was only about plugging things in . statistics was like that too : a ... i didn't really have one but now i've decided that cpv is my crush . he is new but he is working on setting up facebook robots to suggest likes to people of an mbti type based on the likes of others ... i'm an intp and if you came at me with that line and you were cute , i'd probably allow you to think you'd won me over . i'd be nice and sweet and go home with you innocently until i knew that i was ... . hmm . well when i first took the test i took that really general one that asks you four questions to type you . i didn't quite know myself at the time but i used to be very nice and wanted to help ... hmm . i got intj but i'm actually intp . that's close though . :) good luck to you . i'd love to see how your study plays out . i think next you should have the robots match people with their perfect ... could you ? i'd love to read it . i could use a little insight right now on my life path . i agree with you . ( and on a side note it seems i'm intp rather than infj so that could account for why i felt entp's were too similar to me in ways ) i spend a lot of time trying to figure out things ... i'm actually going to do a liberal arts degree . it's because i want a degree and i keep changing my mind about what i want to be . i have 141 credits now and still no degree so it's time . my plan is ... i'd install : ability to have fully functional relationships ( even if your past has caused this part of you to be broken ) real feelings for others ability to know / feel what love is ( romantic ... i used to know spanish from high school and college but i'm not too good at it anymore . my job has only taught me korean so far . yeah , i think having a structured course is best . you feel like you're ... haha . no it's not a business . i'm a linguist as a job . to me memorizing words and figuring out how to use the language is alright but when you get down to all of the grammar patterns , you end up ... aw . that's sweet . i have to know it for my job and i have a test coming up to see if i've retained it . i was never fluent but was pretty advanced . now i'm at sorta intermediate . - _ - ' haha ! maybe the guy didn't tell because he liked you . it's funny how that happens though . people assume it's one of the guys most of the time . you're not going to like this , but you did know that he was like this before you married him . now with that said , regardless of his type you might have to give him an ultimatum : get a job and try to ... i don't mind compliments because i like to give them all the time . i enjoy encouraging people and making them feel special ... but it's also my way to keep people from seeing me as a threat that way i ... i thought i was infj for the longest but i'm actually intp , aries with rising and moon in taurus . i agree with entj being aries-like . i almost wish i was an entj because i feel they have the ... this is kind of on a different tangent but i read a christian professor's article that described jesus as a logician . he noted that most wouldn't put jesus and logic together but based on the way he ... hm interesting . i thought i was infp at first but i started to feel like i was a little too ... cynical . i then typed as infj . that was closer but talking on here made me think i might have been wrong ... you're learning korean ? want to practice with me ? ^ _ ^ i'm getting rusty these days . aww . how cute . * hugs * :p roud : people on here can offer support , advice and all of that good stuff but if you are really trying to find yourself and be comfortable in your own skin , it's something ... hm . i'm an aries infj but i love entj's . i just feel like they have so much potential to make money and be successful and powerful and those are things i crave . i actually associate intj's with ... haha , you can be aries but not all over the place like the generic horoscope says . i am one but i have taurus keeping me grounded / lazy / rational . that doesn't mean that both signs don't pop out at ... yay ! i'm an aries , moon and rising are in taurus . lots of conflicting energies in my whole chart so it makes me wonder if it's a reason i have trouble in relationships or just trouble in general ... i'm a feeler and i feel like this all the time , though maybe not regarding very serious topics usually . though i'm sensitive in some ways , i'm awfully cynical in others , and i've decided not to ... hmm ... i'd agree with enfp's but also i'll include infj's . i hate confrontation for the most part and i only really lash out every once in a while . ( or on the forum because typing is much easier for ... haha ! i know that would work but only until she learns what she needs to do to get her way without having to do anything . she's sort of a manipulative b * * * . always has been . i wonder what her type ... i completely agree with you , but i think there are still times when it's better to just cut your loses with people . judging people really quickly without giving them some time to change your mind is ... you could possibly be arrogant but i've found that being yourself is better than trying to seem like a nicer or more socially acceptable person than you are . i myself am bothered by stupid ... i know this was written so long ago , but i was interested in finding where intj's might preside because i find that i get along with them well and want to be around xnxj types if i can . i am on ... no . if you're a kid i'm an infant . i think one of the biggest things we do is let others make us feel bad about talking about ourselves and our problems . i could understand if you talked all the time ... i think that a part of it is her and a part of it is you . she can't have an affect on you unless you let her . i know this is hard for infp's sometimes but you have to pretend you have a strong j in ... thanks for all the insight , guys . :p roud : haha . i value your thoughts whether a girl or a guy . thank you . =) yeah , being willing to let go of my dreams for money or stability does take it's toll on me and leave me depressed at times ... i've learned that when it gets extreme it's usually my way of dealing with stress , but for the most part it just keeps me from doing things that others would do easily like driving to the store or ... that's true . my entj friend has no problem tuning others out and just focusing on something he enjoys , but i guess i'd like people to at least see me in a better light . it's important to me that ... oh i guess i didn't think that you can be born on a different day than your party . - _ - haha . that's funny about your mom . my mom usually blows up right away when she gets upset . i'm more like your ... ah . no wonder i don't fit in well . i thought that it was just me . the guys around here are always putting me down for being different and perhaps are upset that someone that they see as silly and ... ah . that does make sense . i could just find someone who likes to go out when i do and likes to stay home when i do . i like to eat in peace as well . i usually get food and then look for a quiet ... it's a pity though , i've only found one entj around me in the military . both types are hard to find around here , even in the smart fields . i wonder if ntj's as a whole aren't fond of the military ... i'm an infj and this isfp guy has been talking to me . so far we've only been texting and emailing because he's out of town for a few weeks . he seems nice but i was kind of worried about the fact that ... razare thanks for that . ^ _ ^ most of the people around me are extroverted and the introverts i know are married or have kids so they have excuses for why they don't want to go out or something . i ... i've noticed that i enjoy spending time in my room when i'm alone and i prefer to be alone most of the time . sometimes i have the idea to go out for a bite to eat or for shopping on my own but every ... all day everyday ! haha . i tried to make that sound gangster but it didn't work . i just watched a french film about life in africa mining for gold : dreams of dust it was sort of slow and didn't ... i wanted to see it because of joseph gordon levitt . everything else was fun and interesting , but the overall feeling of joy came from getting to see him . such a cutie for some reason . i was hoping ... haha . that's kind of clever . i like . i dance naturally but it's kind of funny . i make up my own dances while at home listening to rock and i do some sort of spiritual dances when listening to meditation music . but i'm black and when i'm ... i quite agree with this . a lot of guys who are looking for a fun chase end up getting bored with me . i know that i'd rather not put on a front when i'm just a chill person in general . i don't have ... hey infp's ! he has a point . a lot of guys out there get upset because girls choose bad boys over them . sometimes they think they deserve girls because they are more noble than those guys . but i ... '