' there was also another dream i had while i was blazing hot of fever . imagine the whole world , mechanically driven by gears from the inside to turn round its axis and around the sun . for some ... interesting . mind expanding on those a bit more ? there was this one dream where i just received special coupons from my dad to buy a new car . so i took them and went ahead to a toyota showroom ... 1 . rock mostly . not exactly well-versed with its many variants , but i mostly like stuff from the killers and foo fighters , whatever you call their exact sub-genre under rock 2 . rarely but when ... anyone else here who can hold a decent tune and gets easily triggered by idiots who sing 3 words behind and half an octave off a song singing on karaoke ? sent from my k fone ola using tapatalk right now i have de quervain's tenosynovitis ( at least according to my self-diagnosis based on google ) and if i could only get this cured without having to undergo operation or pay for anything , i'd ... how to be as happy as this guy ? sent from my k fone ola using tapatalk this is the only picture i have that i can bear to look at for more than 2 seconds.https :/ / uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170821/777ae5c9711a03f00e744d1f5faeea8b.jpg sent from my k fone ola using ... lost a whole set of important documents within my house . again . edit : so i found it just now . but it took me reorganizing my already perfectly disorganized room when that specific clump of ... came home from my nightly run and first thing i do right when i sit down in the living room is open perc . confession : i had a household cold-war with my brother . somehow ticked me when he said i was lazy when he is clearly not doing anything at all when at home + he strains the household resources . ... to think a simple game of indoor catch could also be a potential murderous activity : thinking : sent from my k fone ola using tapatalk hello guys . it's been a while , just came back and i guess i ought to clock in an update . i also had to leave work to pursue a specific career path but that's a discussion for another thread . ... update : she had to resign from work because of personal reasons ( family , parental pressure etc ) . the only way we get in touch now is by text , and we barely even text each other . i reckon i'm not ... i have to be clear , i have not asked her out yet . had i did , maybe i would suffer the same fate as the esfj guy by getting the proactively-avoid treatment . okay . more than 2 months of bumping elbows with her , i think i should at least post an update of our current status and fill in details in between . on my first post , i was at the time pouring my ... i have a bigger brain than a can of sardines , im definitely smarter than a can of sardines . a procrastinating j ? am i missing something ? sent from my k fone ola using tapatalk oh god the first message is always the hardest to compose . i also have this other option of letting another friend in on my plans . aside from just being me and her roughly from the start , there's also this other guy who just came slightly later and we sort ... well , the most i could muster right now is acting like tagging along with a small group during our 1 hour break time but that includes at least 3 other people including our trainer and the esfj guy ... taking notes for good reference sent from my k fone ola using tapatalk i really agree about getting to know each other . i'm figuring out how i could just ease her into really loosening up and talk comfortably now that we aren't seatmates . actually i am really interested in her . we've only known each other for like a little over a week and maybe i'm a bit weak with my personality probing skills but i am working on that . and me saying ... so far as i can tell it's all just mere flirting . i have bad suspicions about our trainer though . he could possibly give her favors in training to win her in . i think they might be pming over ... you mean like you guys can't possibly be dating kind of acquaintances ? sent from my k fone ola using tapatalk the competition is strong , and i've only realized there is such a competition where i thought i had this in the bag . idk , i just want to make sure that if i load and shoot my ask her out bullet , ... it doesn't always have to be about the sex . and i'd rather not overcomplicate things by hurting an innocent soul in the process . also i'm not exactly pathetically focused on her , though i could ... okay . as i've said , i think she's infj . i wasn't able to mention she's 27 and we're exactly 4 years and 7 months apart in age but it really doesn't feel that way . she seems annoyed by esfj guy ... hello guys . i was just wondering if i could find some good insights into how to woo a girl i'm interested in . i'll try my best to describe my situation and i hope any one of you can help . okay , ... i love this bot sent from my k fone ola using tapatalk how many judging type relatives do you guys have ? both my parents are js , uncles and aunts on both sides are 90 % of the time js , me and my brother are perceiving types . you guys still use dishes when paper plates would be fine ? ahha . i coincidentally found this picture hours ago and glad i could share this with you . welcome to perc 👋 hello fellow doggo enthusiast how many of you here have js for parents and other older relatives ? both my parents are buzzing-busy judging types love the profile pic . i don't play enough rpgs , but in dota i often go for the mobile glasscannon style of play . hit hard , hit fast and avoid getting hit . i also gravitate towards seldom picked ( i have that weird need to ... would you mind turning it down ? i'm watching you . welcome stranger . part 3 : tinker's ( yellowish ) twist logic : * pees on feeling's corpse to show dominance * when we know what site you were looking to fool around in , then we would know for sure if she's going straight for what's in your underwear or if she's going for what's in your backpocket instead . i guess i need a buddy . being alone for some time is nice and all , but i do appreciate a good 1 on 1 conversation at least sometimes , online . sent from my k fone ola using tapatalk i have a dog back home . i respect his intelligence more than most people around me . sent from my k fone ola using tapatalk i have become much less trusting of people recently as well . i guess i have to add that the last time i broke down and punched a wall like i did on that last posted picture was when the person i ... richard burns rally is sooo good . the only issue i have is that the codriver dictates pacenotes really slow that sometimes i enter a 2 severity corner / 90 degree corner / hairpin at 100 + kph . fml ... wow . and i thought i had it tough . sent from my k fone ola using tapatalk not necessarily . it's just that it feels like my patience is wearing thin and i'm curious as to how other people of our type would manage stress and meltdowns . not necessarily . it's just that it feels like my patience is wearing thin and i'm curious as to how other people of our type would manage stress and meltdowns . sent from my k fone ola using ... how did you manage back then , if you don't mind telling ? sent from my k fone ola using tapatalk '