' yeah , you can spot them indirectly . generally . of course you don't see any functions directly if we're being literal , but ... well you know what i mean . anyway . i can't comment on socionics . had ... ooh , thread necromancy , someone forgot to check the post date : > but ! one , si doesn't show - it's introverted , not extraverted . two , infj doesn't show si , since we don't have it - our sensing ... nfjs are the most talkative types , actually , and when happy may be impossible to shut up . enfj is the most talkative ... infj may need some time to warm up to people ni-ght owl . hoot hoot . for starters , stop being so negative about her personality . i'm confident that will help . you say that you want to help but all you do is put people down . that evil vulcan =( o_o aw , sucks to be you man , ' cause even the male infjs are girly . infj are actually naturally good at setting and maintaining boundaries , our challenge lies in communicating them . i have no problems being judgmental ( i am a fe user ) but thanks to my legendary ... under extreme stress i withdraw from people , go to bed , and ( try to ) sleep . i just shut down , pretty much . if i would take this thread seriously , and reply that yes , i also have trouble with that , we'd have a paradox , and you wouldn't be able to take me seriously . i don't know what to do . can't say that i do . sounds depressing . generally , yeah . evil ne users won't stay focused when i have so much more to say D: most of this is fairly typical for infjs . you're right , you probably are one , not an intp . at least , i ... unhealthy infj gets nasty , not thinky though . won't look like intp , unless you have a really negative view of intps . i know some theories :p one is that they like to theorize out loud and ... ne . you also give me a thinky , not a feely vibe , with all this theorizing that you do . ti-ne . could you be intp ? if you don't believe you are , why not ? i can't tell yet but recently i found this blog with lots of good articles about all the in * types and the differences between them , seems like it may be of use to you ? there's plenty of infj vs intj ... fish are food , not friends :( no , it is not . you can pretend to be something else , but , you're not it . it's not about behaviours , but that's the only thing these tests can measure so that's what they do even though it's highly ... i picked 9 because there was no one else there yet . choleric is where it's at ! crazy amount of melancholic votes . that's so wrong . absolutely , but it's also good to be aware of the other perspective . these typing systems do work with generalities , abstractions , stereotypes , but , as it happens , so does our introverted intuition ... no , get in the box . some people make the mistake to think that a mbti type defines a whole person . or perhaps they're just afraid that it does . oh . totally sounds like the sort of thing i could say without meaning to be condecending or hurtful or even realizing it could be taken as such until a minute later . after all they're just , you know , ... no thread necromancy >:( haha . yes , i over-reacted . unpleasant memories . this is a huge red flag , though . yes , she should communicate . if it doesn't get better , though ... well , life's too short and precious for that . entitled ? i think she's being unreasonable only in that she hasn't dumped him yet . regardless of your intent ... there will be people there who feel like he does . i don't think you should do it . hi . i'll add my thoughts =) generally , your strongest functions are the functions you trust the most , and the lower functions are the icky ones you push away . the way you describe it - logic ... that's right . we're free , independent thinkers ( ti ) , and think independently we shall ! i-iiif that's okay with everyone , of course ( fe ) . you're right - it doesn't make sense . i don't agree with the rest of your theory though ! i now believe we don't have all 8 functions - we only have 4 . probably ne . want to start something but they keep going and going and going and going and going and going and going and going and shut up :( i wonder . i actually wasn't aware that this condition existed , but it reminded me of a website i ran into a few years ago . i thought it was a bit odd that this guy was talking about picturing a ... when your clothes no longer fit :] is he married ? troll people , of course . that sounds horribly inappropriate for an infj forum D: :d isapprove : random deep focused discussion that can and should be derailed . i ... what i'm 100 % fake , but nobody suspects anything . short answer ... i don't . infjs generally suck at staying in touch . sorry about that . give ' em a call . if they respond , it's not a doorslam :D chocolate . introverted functions don't usually scream ... but you can have both ni and fi if , for example , you're an intj . * dodges original question * crystal ball says yes . it is not rejection , he does need space . when together his focus will be on you and that's draining . too much and he'll simply shut down . it is not an option for infj - he needs alone time . it'll ... ni and se are opposites - they can't be used effectively at the same time . to boost ni , reduce sensory input . low light , quiet , etc . to give ni a break and rejuvenate it , go do a se activity ... well that's great because emotional responses aren't generated by mbti functions . fe has nothing to do with emotions either . it's a process of making decisions based on values that are decided ... done that for as long as i remember ! felt bad for the toys that didn't get played with . and if i lost one , i felt bad mostly for the toy , not for myself ;p not just any object , though - mostly my ... you're really too young to tell , but maybe you are . consider looking enfj or esfj too . you're now at the age where your second function typically develops so if you've been using that fe since many ... nah . spend some time in the nf forums and watch how easy it is to piss one off ;) melancholic does not describe nf at all . ah let's see ... besides the usual calendars and mail and messaging apps and stuff i use : 2day : a to-do list app . it's a list of things i should have done . nextgen reader : a nice and fast feedly ... not having been in either situation i can only guess ... but i'll do just that ! 1 ) duck . my response to threatening situations tends to be flee . i create ( physical ) distance and once safe i'll ... '