' i think that that can absolutely be true of infjs , and we shamefully have much potential in that department . not gonna lie , i am guilty of some unwarranted door slams , and maybe it may seem cruel at ... a lot of people here seem to say for themselves that if they door slam someone , there is always a justifiable reason . however , to be honest , for myself i would have to say that that is not always ... for me , stability and constancy is very important in a partner . so you are right in that she very well may be testing you to see if this is real . people make a lot of empty promises in the heat of a ... this question was interesting to me because i have never really thought about this before . i think that i really do dream about the future more than the past , however . . . funny because i've always ... i have , in recent years , begun to suspect that i am a little delusional . i think that this is how i cope with the harsh truths of reality . i have always sort of despised the fact that i am a rather ... it doesn't have any words , but sometimes feelings are not best expressed by using words .. maybe you felt so calm and peaceful because you were staring into the sun then , because you had your eyes fixated on something brighter . optimism ? haha i am curious if you had any theories about ... this dream seems very strange to me because i see conflicting elements . you are in a prison , so it is possible that you feel trapped . but you are also lying in a big field - this represents more ... this dream seems very strange to me because i see conflicting elements . you are in a prison , so it is possible that you feel trapped . but you are also lying in a big field - this represents more ... root : underactive - 56 % sacral : underactive - 38 % navel : open 6 % heart : underactive 0 % throat :Op en 25 % third eye :Op en 50 % crown : open 19 % complaining strikes me as something that is a very self centered and whiney thing to do . usually it is whenever i am dealing with problems of my own that i can't stand it the most though . ... i would say that when i'm around someone i truly have feelings for , i definitely feel awkward and nervous . and the stronger the feelings are , the harder it is for me to act natural and flirty . ... i understand what it feels like to have a busy mind :p i have had people lable some of the things i say as too complicated . . . haha . my mind is in a constant state of overanylizing the blood and ... haha . no , i suppose awkward wording . it is still there :) in order for me to really trust someone , there has to be a constant display of dependability on their part over a long period of time . as of right now , i would sadly say - i trust no one . the ... psalm 73:26 my flesh and my heart may fail , but god is the strength of my heart and my portion forever . i had this tattooed on me . it has followed me throughout my life . i thought your ideas on parenting were very interesting - about control , determining who the child becomes , sleepless nights . there are definitely certain aspects of those things in parenting . while ... it seems as though many infjs struggle with a similar problem - fear of being a burden to others , and / or fear of showing any signs of weakness or vulnerability . for me , i know that this is the case ... i have maybe had my trust violated a time too many in my life . when i was younger , i was quicker to forgive and give people a second chance . as i grew older , it almost began to feel like an issue of ... humans are strange creatures . it takes a lot to make me angry , and even when i do get angry , i never let it all out . i have done so on one occasion or two and absolutely hated how it made me feel and the coldness and remorse that ...  : kitteh : i definitely can see people's auras . typically when i see auras it is more something i think of in the context of feeling , however , as opposed to colors . so i can feel someone's aura and feel the ... i like that . that is interesting.you say a wall is there only when you need it to be , does it serve as a protection or support in a way ? and i will have to try that memorization technique : wink : how funny because i was just pondering over why i am this way the other day ! i get really weird if people simply ask me how old i am - i start acting evasive and playful because i really don't want ... that's an interesting question ! i've never really seen my mind or inner world as a room . my mind and inner world have always felt like an infinite space to me , maybe even a space that is outdoors or ... also this ! this annoys me too . i have read infj hate boards , out of curiosity , :p layful : and find most of the complaints to be from people who had a bad encounter with an infj or people who actually do not know infjs at all ... one would think that self confidence should really lean in one direction or the other - you either are self confident or you aren't - and then all the levels of such in between . for instance , some ... this might seem strange , but i am a complete sucker for a man with tattoos and pierced ears . haha .. regardless of the little things , though , what really captures my attention is when a man has ... i spent an unnecessary length of time mulling over what my confession would be , if i could confess one thing - so i guess there it is . i over think things a to a painful extent . also , i just thought i'd point out that this fairly accurately describes what i have been feeling lately ! why do you think we may slip into that zombie mode with day to day tasks ? it doesn't seem to ... lad thank you ! that was really interesting to read . you probably could've gone on further and i wouldn't have minded : smile : that definitely gave me something to think about .. chris merola . i ... it is good to hear i'm not the only one : hugs : how interesting that yours seemed to have a trigger . that is something to think about - was there some kind of trigger for me ? thank you for sharing , ... i was curious to see if any other infjs ( or really just anyone ) have ever felt this way . i used to struggle with feeling as if i had entirely too much emotion - lately i have felt completely the ... ... thank you . love the quote . this actually made me feel better :) the most deep , complex , and sweet infj guy asked me out last night . the whole thing was kind of a surprise for both of us . it just happened . everything fell into place so naturally . it was a really ... i have discovered that the heart has a surprising capacity to heal . while bullying often feels consuming in the moment , and very painful , it never lasts . i just keep going . my instincts often tell me ... i think i must be an odd mix of both . when i am fully comfortable in my situation and having a good time , i can display the ethical traits ... where as when i am uncomfortable or around people i don't ... 203786 i desperately hope that it is possible to find someone who can see all my layers . it feels like there should be . without it , it feels as if something is missing . teanigami you sound so much like me . i am also prone to constant migraines . i have one right now as a matter of fact .. haha .. i also have heart problems so i struggle with feeling overstimulated ... teanigami you sound so much like me . i am also prone to constant migraines . i have one right now as a matter of fact .. haha .. i also have heart problems so i struggle with feeling overstimulated ... vive thank you for sharing your story . it did not come off as lecturing at all and definitely helped me : happy : it is probably true what you say about it being all about perspective ... i guess ... lad interesting you say that most people probably don't even understand themselves , because i am constantly thinking that . whenever i found out about my personality type and began reading about ... thank you for sharing that . yes i understand completely how that feels . i'm not sure why some think we're fascinated by violence either ... violence is .. painful . and the worst of it is definitely ... i am an infj .. and i have been struggling so much , especially lately , with just feeling so lonely , as if no one could possibly understand what i am feeling or going through , so i bottle it up and ... this post explains me so well . i have been struggling so much , especially lately , with just feeling so lonely , as if no one could possibly understand what i am feeling or going through , so i bottle ... my flesh and my heart may fail , but god is the strength of my heart and my portion forever . psalm 73:26 oh ! i forgot to mention acting like you think you know me better than i know myself , and then proceeding to tell me i'm wrong when i make a statement about myself ! that is pretty annoying to me as ... '