i am envious , i compare my self to everyone i know and feel sad when i realize they are better than me . i hate this about myself :( consciously naive never miss an opportunity to try something new , try everything , even if you got hurt just cry a river , build a bridge and get over it . yes , i am unambitious . i just want to enjoy little things in life . dear love dearest love my love : do you know how much i love you , how many times aday i think of you ? every time i talk , walk , work or eat . you are always there . you are ... telepariah , thank you telepariah , what you said is very helpfull , you really made my day . some times i get very self absorbed and selfish . telepariah , sorry , i don't get it . good luck telepariah he told me that he loves me , then he critizised me , then he said that he wanted me to be a better person , then i said : when you love someone you accept them the way they are . then he said : ... i hate phones , i hate when people underestimate me . i feel like i can't accomplish anything . i've friends who call themselves close friends but i don't even consider them friends , i don't trust them enough . i feel faked , i don't act myself ... 1 - god 2 - i'm an infp 3 - everything happens for a reason 4 - i can't live without movies and books 5 - life is tough 6 - my parents love me unconditionally 7 - edward norton is a great actor ... you know you are an infp when someone tries to remind of a certain situation you were involved in and you actually remember it then later you realize that it didn't actually happened and that person ... the count of monte cristo , it made me change my signature : ) i capture the castle interview with the vampire the shawshank redemption stardust when harry met sally before sun rise the chronicles of narnia fun with dick and jane romancing the stone the ... in my if world sting - until that would be fun . i like to have secret plans . even if we are evil , we will still be saving the world in our own way , it's the greater good we care about . a secret evil organization that we can fight and save the world . ' ' you are weird and crazy and i like you the way you are . ' ' exactly , they assume that they know everything and you can't express your self enough but they got the hint . why can't they just listen then understand ? ? ? a store that sells perfumes , candles , essences , music boxes we gonna need a giant snow globe i always loved that poem how far are the stars ? how deep are the caves ? are there men on mars ? what makes waves ? why is the sky blue ? where does it end ? what makes a rainbow ? why does it ... i get jealous easily , i don't like any one with better circumstances than mine : sad :: sad :: sad : i do this too , i'm wondering why ? you are not alone , i'm egyptian too , i live in cairo : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : i do this all the time . conversations with real people not imaginary ones . i never felt that i was a leader in any way possible , actually it never came across my mind until i read this thread but now remembering some situations that happened earlier in my life since i was ... i am different , i am unique , i am not to be compared with others . i am a muslim . i do this sometimes . same in here , except that i like it this way . when i was 10 , i had an imaginary friend , it was a girl her name was apple , she was the perfect me . i still have conversations with her inside my head till now or speak out loud to her when i'm ... i do both , sometimes i'm an early bird sometimes , i'm a night owl . that would be perfect i've noticed that probably all of us want to travel the world . i've been thinking about traveling since i was 16 , i wanna travel alone & yes , i do relate to life is beyond hilarious and society is awful . i love them : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : omg , i thought i was the only one who do that . you know you are an infp when your favourite food is leftovers because you believe it is the symbol of the second chance . it happened many times & i've no idea why ? my if world escaping to the if world , where everything is possible changing my reality and live the impossible waving my magic stick so every wish come true sprinkling the fairy dust , ... you know you are an infp when : this is from my own experience as an infp so i ' ll just start you look for your glasses while you are wearing them . you watch a movie and keep ... purple and sea green that post is so great , i love it . my friends usually told me that i always come up with new things and have weird thoughts , weird in a good way as interesting , they also told me they like to hear what i have to say because i think ... this is the first real thing i write ' ' walking through the night ' ' walking through the night trying to reach the light while i walk my path there are thousand things to pass i walk the path ... i was so bored in class , so i came up with this , i called it ' ' i know you ' ' i feel your pain , even if you don't let me to i read your mind and what you try to hide from you i see ... i love being alone , actually if i stayed for a long time without having a me time , i go crazy , i become nervous and i look sad .