' 0 , privately boycotted dear enfx's , it's painful watching you 1 . turn into a complete gushing , hyperbolic , kiss-ass because someone acts like decent human being 2 . stick your head in the sand when someone you want to ... nothing to see here .. just another special , misunderstood snowflake . too precious . i think you're an entp , but i don't have a lot to go on , and it doesn't mean you are . you're so excited just like when you're excited , the profundity ;) i don't mind james van der beek , but i do think it gives you away . a couple 1 . george takei 2 . if you want to walk the line between intp and entp , you * have * to stop using extra punctuation ! ! ! ? ? ? unless it's ... ellipses , or too many commas , but that will ... i think it's the picture of james van der beek wimper itx 92s a weeping willow because it canx 92t see for branches wilting in its wake and it twists in the same way day to day stuck in the ground where a seed doomed it stay wimper itx 92s a weeping willow because it canx 92t see for branches wilting in its wake and it twists in the same way day to day stuck in the ground where a seed doomed it stay and she must be punished for her folly ! i like to keep things open-ended . i give people the same leniency i would like to enjoy . i dread deadlines , appointments , schedules . i feel trapped by them . with non-time issues , i like to throw ... i think we are charismatic , but our social anxiety works against us . the more familiar you are with someone the more charismatic you can be around them . i don't see intps as socially proactive ... entp humor is 98 % caps lock , 1 % toilet , 1 % sex . intp humor , well , you've probably never heard of it . your loaded language is quite maddening . your bubble must be nice . ;) and i realize i'm zoning in on transgender , which is really just one aspect of gender . as a cisgender , there's nothing particularly active about identifying . the world already fits you like glove ( in that respect at least , everyone has to make their own way ) , so i doubt you've ever ... well , i'm sorry to be argumentative , but that's a very dated idea . i'm assuming you haven't given transgender people much thought , where identified gender =/ = which reproductive organ you have . sex =/ = gender . gender is a social construct . sex is biological . so , by my understanding at least you mean : i have a penis , therefore i am male . this is my view on sex . it's not about making people androgynous . it's not about making people anything . it's about letting people be individuals . lol @ the radical feminist perspective , like it's a hive mind conspiracy  yes , its framing bias is legend . you really couldn't find another reputable source to make your point ? fox news , lol that many votes for intp huh ? well , i think the breakdown must be on your end because i'm pretty sure i have you guys figured out . c ; dear enfp , i work hard to earn your respect , and i don't feel like i get any . i wanted to prove that friends can survive being roommates , but you're pissing me off . i never realized how ...  deeply under appreciated , please listen toroidal vortices are nice . artists are very sexy , maybe assholes an impasse . get out weaboo troll ( and proof-read your single-sentence posts , unless that's the bait . if so , damn you ) a piece of the puzzle , rather than the sarcasm , irreverence , and seemingly baseless conjecture that is bread and butter around ... got some new pencils and drew this yesterday 85148 fixed . and i'll tell you what he did wrong so it can actually function . you'll have to fix it of course . enfps , no taste and zero standards . you deserve an electric shock for every blank i really like that , but you would be dead within the hour . trolling or simpleton ? can't tell . there is no rational explanation , only dogma . ready to brawl . when the dust has cleared , i just describe myself as an enthusiastic eater . a intp operating on limited , unverifiable , anecdotal evidence also attempting to wield moral authority through several logical fallacies . those anti-gay arguments are old and exist in the ... i feel like with poetry you have to take a step away from precise , concrete meaning . let ti just play with words , syllables , sounds .. it can be very good at that . or is that ne ? i know that ti is ... honestly , those moments where fe opens up to you ( the right music helps ) , sometimes words just fly out . one of these was specifically about someone who had drowned , but not someone i was close to . it ... fucking yourself should suffice . i love istps . if we can absolve infjs * puke * , then i can compliment too . ti forever . * ___ * i suppose that wouldn't mail well “ mouth be light ” the wound made eyes drop and dust cracked ground with dead butterfly kisses remember the … remember … the glow and tickle the lines eyes draw electric furtive ... it's not really fair for me to comment on yours without posting something of my own . i wrote this cycle . x93mind be shutx 94 the wound ... and double that time for me . '