' type 1 : me type 2 : everyone else intjs can be christian since we all start as children and its easy to be indoctrinated , and relgious belief is a network of many different aspects / experiences one can have and interpret so its ... / thread if i could tell them one thing from 1 intj to another about being with an infp .. be careful yes i wonder if id be able to handle the emotions of continually seeing those i love or at least care about die ( to a much larger capacity than i any normal person has to ) ... generation after generation ... people lie ... but intjs tend to be more naturally machiavellian when it comes to life choices so this one is pretty interesting my best friend just called me in a panic his girlfriend used to live with her sister and her sisters husband for a little while when she was finishing ... just be direct maybe youll feel awkward .. but ... is not-feeling awkward worth not getting your point across clearly ? then again maybe she knows how she comes off and doesnt care i say sorry alot sarcastically though , does that count ? absurdism - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia your friend is very prideful beat him again so he respects you more ... that'll teach him the painful irony of this video is the player in it is training for the nfl but couldnt cut it in the nfl in a nutshell i realized im in love with my girlfriend because of how easily she pisses me off nothing else could make me so sensitive unless i really realllyy cared about it ok im starting to get sick of this there isnt a double standard when it comes to sexual partners for men and women there are simply two different standards .. one for each .. perpetuated by ... i think any good experienced planner understands the nature of chaos so improvisation needs to be a part of your plans to some degree 1st grade the few infps i know are the most sensitive people i know , they take everything personally an infp calling someone strange ... ive seen it all now what would you say are some good examples of ne engaging activities ? so you like conflict and resistance for conflict and resistance sake ? if the world was set up to your perfect specifications you wouldnt like it because there wouldnt be anyone to disagree with ... i know a few istjs in real life , one of which is my father they have trouble stepping outside of the boundaries they create for themselves .. they cling to these boundaries i think this largely depends on an intjs environment and influences ( parents friends etc ) my parents tried very very hard to socialize me with sports / after school activities / play dates / functions ... if its about winning then i would appeal to self interest / the need to reduce suffering etc if its about facts or logic then it isnt my responsibility to make them care about the truth , i'll ... born and raised in the church always went through the motions but never truly signed on in a genuine way .. but i came to a point in college when i realized id have to take serious sooner or later ... id be quicker to act on improving my circumstances than i would be just sitting around wishing they would improve on their own ... but in the act of improving my circumstances i would hope that i ... the tension between infps and intjs can make for good relationships that are hard to replicate good luck , on the bright side .. your current difficulty will transform into appreciation when you ... if its been discussed in this thread and thats the conclusion that was reached then i doubt it was discussed much and needs to be discussed more even with your want for style , elegance , low ... op talked about addressing the problem of uniting the world ... to do so in a timely fashion i think faking some larger threat like aliens or biological outbreak would work something that ... quality for what purpose ? humanity has characteristics but determining which of those are good or bad depends on that purpose this integrity taking responsibility for ones actions work ethic compassion / empathy skepticism my gf now is infp .. we all have flaws and virtues infp : victim i think being aware is half the battle having the right mentality in communication is just as important as choosing the right words so being aware that at some point internal concepts will ... ive had some issues with most f types because they tend to feel that logic is optional and expendable ( not saying all f types do , but ive had conflicts with the ones that do ) m mother is esfj so ... what type of thread is this ? lol wtf ... is op trolling ? i minored in philosophy during undergrad , so please humor me these are your ethics after all everything , really ? on what basis ? i always try to plan for chaos and worse case scenarios but i def get frustrated when circumstances dont play nice ... just good ol ' fashion running op : yes is it not ? heretics love it at its best in moderation like most things so as long as something has always existed .. its immune to being ridiculous ? also you don't have to agree on everything to avoid war and its cost .. children , especially siblings , do not ... its a sad day when a teenage guy feels weird for being sexually attracted to girls he finds sexually attractive dont let anyone tell you that is shallow making excuses for a girls crappy ... mutual rules and conventions of war seem ridiculous to me if you can get the two ( or more ) sides to agree on war boundaries then why couldnt they be so diplomatic as to not go to war in the first ... i came into this thread to write this almost verbatim you have got to be kidding me ot : no , burden of proof rest on the claim in a general defense of religion ( oh the irony ) god / gods usually dont require proof but faith '