' aw , not again . preferably said as deadpan as possible while staring at an unavoidable death . hah , i thought i caught a touhou slant to your names . both patchy and the locked girl are my favorite ones too . i love coincidence . wow . everyone's either embarrassed , or confident in their abilities . case closed , inconclusive ? you are lockedgirl , but i should call you patchy ? nicknames within nicknames ... very deep , maybe . maybe i'll combine them in various ways , if you don't mind . welcome to the cafe , patchlock . that is a valid idea . now that you've got me started , i can think of a few more involving a bullhorn , some farm animals , a flamethrower , and three condoms . i'll be a hermit in no time . see you on ... athena , what do you think of the saying a wise man needs no rules ? adjusted for gender as needed , naturally . how do you know ? powdered wigs are amazing . on topic , that might be why i attract so much attention . my wigshake bring everyone to the yard , and i'm like , go away . anyways , i'll not derail ... * bows beautifully * my most magnanimous fellow member , i must admit my modest mistake , and mete out my mirth at your marvelous response . much merriment to you . slightly off topic , but although i tested 100 % intp , ( i've collected all my cozy corners at college i can always contently collapse in ) , i always seem to attract a crowd . from just sitting there . my ... i've been in the moment for a long time now . it doesn't matter to me whose house i'm at , or what time it is , i'm still me , i still think . oh , and i still have my laptop . that's a big one . although i realized i'm an intp somewhat recently , i knew from a young age i was searching for someone to serve . nothing s & m , just helping to advance their agenda , whatever it was . i like helping . at ... thedoctorlies i would be proud and thankful to have you as a parent , from what i've heard . i have no patience for small talk , simple gossip , and other unimportant facets of surface socialization , ... how fast do you type , and how ? www.typingtest.com i got 53 words per minute , although there was a bunch of seemingly unnecessary punctuation shoehorned in there to screw me up . oh , and if ... i would weigh the annoyance of not knowing if he's your father or not against the possible results of knowing , and go from there . if you really don't care , but think that knowing might tear you ... you could just ask her . fantasy is an exercise bicycle for the mind . it might not take you anywhere , but it tones up the muscles that can . i taught my grandmother how to use the computer and email . after she realized the mouse had to be on a surface , she caught on surprisingly well , although i will always remember her waving it around ... i will post something i found in the things i wrote folder . it was called braindump.txt . naturally , i have to recollection of writing it . did i write this while sleeping , or what ? if i see someone with an anime avatar , i assume they like anime , unless they don't . promethea , i agree . saw a kid in college once , had anime teens and younger in swimsuits covering the walls of ... gardevoir most likely , your letter never reached the eyes of the representative himself , and you almost certainly did get a form letter back , but that doesn't mean what you did was ... this might be how a lot of the elder gods and eldritch monstrosities got started . i had no trouble understanding , and wouldn't have guessed you are a foreign speaker if you hadn't told me . welcome to the cafe . are the things you break physical , mental , or social ? are they as serious as a nail , a church , or a planet ? does this happen every hour , week , or decade ? personally , i find it funniest to ... what we really need is some sort of typology sorting hat for all the new members to try on . it would then shout intp ! enfj ! , etc . oh , and welcome to this highly interesting cafe . maybe you'll ... like many here , i don't seek out pointless banalities . at college , between classes , i find a cozy , secluded corner near a power outlet and settle down there with my laptop . in general , i prefer this ... looking over these , the theme seems to be sleeping giant for anger , even so far as to think nothing's there to rouse in the first place . but when the mountain moves ... as for me , i haven't been ... okay , i haven't been on for a bit , and part of the reason is civilization v . tactics of battle , strategies of diplomacy , type of civilization to raise , all of these appeal heavily to me , especially ... always glad to be of service . * bows * and you're probably right , if i'm here i should know all the acronyms like the top of my nose . brb wikipedia i'll agree with that . every now and again , there'll be drama around i can't seem to solve , and after dealing with it for awhile i dust off an old sudoku book , where ever problem has a logical ... i'm a little new to the acronyms , but is fe short for feeling ? ' cause i do the same thing ^ all the time , but i thought it was just being logical and thinking ( ti ? ) . only a small percentage of people ... i know another story that has not much detail in common , but the same general feel . hang on , let me look it up ... i'm intp ( you can see it plastered various places ) and am working towards being a teacher . for whatever reason , people in general seem to like me , especially kids and animals . i also like teaching , ... i love how detailed dream often are . we know people's names and histories , the walls all have their own unique wallpaper , etc . as for me ... this was no nightmare at the time ( the opposite , ... a few of these have known authors , but i think a quote can usually stand on its own just fine . that's cool / cute , and it gave me an idea to use next christmas : have a large present for person a , inside is a smaller present for person b , containing an even smaller one for person c , etc . just talk about the weather . go on and on about humidity and cloud cover and wind chill and low pressure zones . people will flock to you ! of course , this assumes you're in a meteorology convention . ... if you don't like how your life is going , change something . i would certainly recommend a job you enjoy , though . perhaps one that's related to teaching , but without the part you dislike ? counseling , ... if so , do i win ? i'd like to thank everyone who did so much for me ... : crying : can't believe this hasn't been said yet : world peace the school systems that exist today don't seem to take the internet into account . bear with me here , although the internet is a wide place containing everything colleges teach and more , it ... as for me , my focus is hit them and don't let them hit me , as opposed to hit them harder than they hit me , or be the last one standing . this is usually accomplished with stealthy sniping types , ... just before i was shown this site today i was reading my intp file ( long car ride ) and this was a large part of it . hang on a sec , i have it here somewhere ... ah . this came from a source that ... i know , i was young and naive . emphasis on was . also , your avatar is horrifically hilarious , well done . minecraft , audiosurf , dwarf fortress ( still working on it though ) , and the gaia game backyard monsters currently have my attention . hullo . i've been looking for a few years now for a site full of intelligent and funny people . tried , gaia , 4chan , various places in irc , and even more specialized forums , but this place is the ... merry christmas ( ... you know how when you say a word over and over it starts to lose meaning ? ) i guess the best indication of a person's self would be a computer simulation of their genes , ... merry christmas . as a fellow noob , i welcome you to this interesting and intriguing site . '