' as a student , i use [ sleep talk ] a lot , perhaps you should do the same . jesus kung fu !  : exterminate : the original meanwhile in germany ... > nihitel ( probably already posted but ... )  bloke looks like the guy from flight of the conchords ... cba scraping through his filmography ... edit : found it : 29  welcome , chère compatriote ! : gentleman : for a heart it's ironic cause , thanks to some bastard calf , the coffee shop turned into a fucking bar fight : onthego : can you share some more picture of cows like you used to , i thought they were pretty decent self-portraits . : ghost 3 : you know what separates us from the animal ? selfies : ghost 3 : it means that some people decided this thread would be spam for reasons that are sadly beyond rationality . i have nothing to be ashamed of , but whoever feels concerned by this should ask ... because someone said so . : kiwi-fruit : job done . don't waste your time on that . : ghost 3 : future 2future thanked this post . my last goodbye ... people who felt like destroying this thread : > sniff glue on a daily basis > are janitors > look like tuna > have a complex > have a disease that makes people think ... shut it down . that ’ s the technical term but i call them “ no man's land words ” or sharp edges because they ’ re so bivalent when taken out of context , you don ’ t know whether it ’ s reaching you or the person who uses ...   skimmed posts like raw milk ... in the safest , robust and most resilient of all po boxes , i'm afraid . loaded language - rationalwiki rip harambe : crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying :: crying : ... oirjiorjnjiornjinfpoujin ökpfikjoijtrf hey heeey heeey ... right away ! : th_o : ｄａｙｕｍ : ninja : ｓｈｅ ｏｄ ＇ ｄ ｏｎ ｍｅ coffee shop unit representative , here ! how can i help you get the best coffee ever ? : victorious : put it in your signature as a clickable link : encouragement : ps : i'm done squabbling with whoever was above . we generally ignore him for reasons that may compromise our own security : gentleman : i wasn't referring to that scene but the quality of your own statement .  ... indeed it was , especially the adventure mode ! but overall it felt too unbalanced and casual , i may sound like a tourneyfag but i loved ssbm better ... : ghost 3 : haha , what about ... oh god , she's here ... if i'm intj then i've probably been starving my functions for all these years and occasionally fed them sunflower seeds during full moons . because  : th_o : that's cause you're awesome : ghost 3 : i mostly can't imagine having fun with anything that hasn't got intricate electronics ... yes , books that have rules that you shouldn't follow etc ... and did you drink water after waking up ? ｓｏ ｍｕｃｈ ｆｕｎ : octopus : it comes off as a reflex to me ... could it be ne mostly taking over everything ? i suss it's due to playing too much video game / always watching levels on a mixing ... and that's how we ended up with things like these : ninja : haha , that could last for hours ! : ghost 3 : does anybody feel capable of attempting to provide an explanation for the actual fornication process involved the following recording ? : gentleman : it is very deep , the level of trolling employed by the guy reaches beyond infinity ... ( i don't even know , i just happen to see these things at the right time ! ) ... why did i think of this ...  ooooooh * jazz hands * what if owls pulled a prank on the cat ? what if the cat didn't have messy hair but instead each owl vomited their own piece of hairy prison on it ? could that be the nightmare ? : th_o : you'll be fine as long as the other owls don't serve you hairballs for breakfast . the nightmarish part is to wake up with messy hair when meeting your owl friends . : ninja : they're friends : ninja : the nightmare is not what you think : ninja : your cat loves you : ninja : safe : ninja : he talked about how following every rule verbatim was shite , not some of them . ftfy . no , i'm on drugs . : wink : barakiel blimey ... same response at the same time . : th_o : i speak with a keyboard in my mouth , that's a lot of effort indeed . i'm a great typist when it comes to keyboards you pokécame and pokéwent . '