' you stay up all night in order to invent a fictional magic system . i have an intj friend who makes for fantastic company , but he is incredibly frustrating sometimes . he insults me pretty routinely . it's not just brutal honesty , it's often a deliberate attempt to ... my father is istj and my step-mother is estj . i'm not sure what type my mother was . i think i'm mostly interested in process . a lot of people on my art course start out with a clear idea of what they want to do and then move towards it . i'm pretty much apathetic towards my end ... i'm intp and you strike me as being one of us . i can relate to all your replies . i tried being in a relationship with an infp and an infj and i found their seeming irrationality to be incredibly frustrating at times . it's nice to be with another intp like me now . he's very ... we were together for three years and we are still good friends , but the relationship didn't work out in the end . he is an infp and i found his dominant fi tiresome . he would just complain all the ... i believe that my dad is an istj , as is one of my close friends , and i think i understand them quite well , though i don't think they really understand me . they are very loyal , structured people ... i forget to eat and end up eating at irregular times but i totally love food . chocolate is the greatest thing . it's a good question . i'd say that it's manipulating when there's an element of disguising or misrepresenting your intentions or the truth . i don't feel comfortable unless i know the person who's touching me , i know why they're touching me , and they have my consent to touch me . i rarely initiate physical contact unless i have a good ... my ex-boyfriend is an infj who has admitted to being good at manipulating people . i know that he manipulated me on occasions . it angered me when i initially realised he was manipulating me , but ... i have an intj friend who i suspect might be a sociopath . however , i previously had another intj friend that i assumed to be a sociopath , but when i got to know him better , it turned out that he was ... i stayed up all night because i lost track of time . crap . intps are pretty good to live with except for the way that many of us tend to forget or procrastinate practical things , such as washing up . yes , i hate advertising and consumerism . i have adblock installed . i never watch television . i look away from advertisements . i spend relatively little compared to most of my friends . if ... i enjoy writing ! i'm mostly interested in the general concept or focusing on specific word / structural choices . i'm not all that interested in plot or character . as a result , i tend to write a lot of ... gah , feelings ! make them stop ! while i was at school , i thought i hated maths ( though i still did pretty well at it , i just about managed to get an a in my gcse maths in the end ) . as soon as i stopped taking it at school , i ... i don't think so . how are you defining strategy and tactics ? as i understand it , strategy and tactics are similar things , just on a different level . strategy is about planning on a broad ... recently i've become a lot more confident , so increasingly i find that people mistake me for an extravert . some people even look to me for leadership . people also think that i'm not thinking about ... yes , we can form strategies very well . si allows us to take in information about a situation , which ti analyses . then we use ne to come up with possible responses , and ti in order to figure out which ... it's not alcohol , it's to do with a couple of social factors . firstly , people tend to have a particular idea of what introverts are like - socially withdrawn , avoiding all social contact , etc . - ... i agree with you . in an argument , i very rarely choose to claim to have any authority on a topic , and prefer to have discussions than arguments . with that in mind , i think my embarrassment in that ... thinking about it , i ought to have expanded to include that . my intp boyfriend hates rts games but loves dota 2 , whereas i love rts games but dislike mobas . however , all the intps i know ( i know ... many intp descriptions make some mention of a shared intp ideal of truth . for most of my life i have found this to be the case . throughout childhood , all i really cared about was learning . i have ... i enjoy assassin's creed , but i would say that if anything , i suspect that sensing types would benefit from it more . they are a visual and aural spectacle , but the game's combat mechanics lack depth ... i like a little bit of small talk as a way of easing into a conversation . i have a few friends who take the attitude , i hate small talk , therefore i am going to delve immediately into a deeper ... on the face of it , this seems to make sense , but i think that circumstances complicate things a bit . i believe that my calling is to be an artist . it's part of who i am . when i'm given space , i ... here's the problem : my financial situation for the next two years of my degree is looking uncertain . things have been fine this year , but since my household income has increased above a certain ... the impression i get is that mbti relationships pages always recommend your shadow type . i suppose the logic is something along the lines of ' opposites attract ' - you cover each other's weaknesses . ... who do you want to be ? night time walks seem to be a thing for a lot of introverts . a few of my close friends share my love for night time walks , and we tend to walk together . it's a good way of getting people to ... hi zardrell , welcome to personality café . it sounds like you're having a pretty rough time at school . you might find it helpful to talk to some of your teachers about the problems you are having ... yes , everything gets to me pretty easily , though i primarily process things on an analytical level ; it only occasionally penetrates me on an emotional level . i feel that i have to be as genuine as ... i'd be curious to hear about how you've all matured over the years . what you were like as a child , adolescent and adult ? how have your functions changed and manifested ? how have your lesser functions ... i am definitely an intp and i share most of those things with you . the article links to some pretty dubious-looking sources . i don't understand where these numbers come from . i didn't buy anything in the sales . there wasn't anything i really wanted or needed . however , i did buy risk and a pack of cards at my campus charity shop . there were no sales , but stuff is always ... thank you for your thoughtful response . i think it made sense . there's one thing i just don't quite understand - why is there this keenness to ensure nothing much gets through the barrier to the ... i usually come out as intp . i identify strongly with inxp , but i have a strong f . is it possible that i might be pretty much halfway between intp and infp ? when i first discovered the test when i ... firstly , thanks to everyone for taking the time to reply . n types are great . i'm used to living with js though , so i generally keep to a good standard of organisation and tidiness . keeping ... primarily , i draw and paint . i also write poetry and prose . compared to other intps i've met , i'm more of an artist than a scientist ( i was deprived of a proper scientific education , sadly ) and i'm better at articulating my feelings . how do you seem to ... some intjs and occasionally other intps , depending on how developed their fe is . 44 % intellectual 36 % creative 20 % caregiver i'm an art student , and not particularly strongly t , so it adds up . i find it difficult to tell when my intj friend is drunk . he maintains his composure and intellect , but just gradually becomes a bit more confused and forgetful until it reaches the point that he is ... i'm an intp in my first year at university . i have an intj friend who i am considering living with during my second year . the thing is that he is unpopular with most people due to his lack of social ... love is a strong attachment that has developed into a commitment . the emotions involved within love are not sufficient alone to constitute love . love is not something you have a right to merely ... no . people have said i'm friendly and even charismatic ( which i didn't understand at all ) , but nobody's said i have good people skills . '