' obvious to you , obvious to me ... apparently not so obvious to mr . prefect . we don't all have the same information . * shrugs * day off , i was bored . 48851 sucrenoir - intj , bitches tee ( women's ) locked in a small space without room to move . such as a sweatbox or some of those spaces spelunkers run through . but it's only a concern if i'm actually in one . beyond that , not much . there are two sisters and their cousin . - irrelevant two sisters have reported often feeling light-headed and dizzy when they stand-up . - relavant , presents symptoms , potential genetic cause ... i was being facetious . jobs building asteroid-mining robots receive 2,000 applicants and that's why it's failing . and yes , retail does drive the economy more than anything else , but there ... she was born in 1989 and i was born in 1983 once wealth hits certain levels - personal spending proportianally tails off significantly . investments and non-liquid assets proportionately tail up . where that money goes back to the banks and the ... actually it's more common to be given too much information and have to figure out which bits actually matter and disregard the rest . which is not particularly difficult . for instance if someone ... i've tried weed a few times , didn't much care for it . i've also tried coke and speed . i could stay up longer , get more done ; and i was losing weight . it was great ! right up until i took too much ... never had a chart done , but gemini by birthdate . my fiancée ( also an intj ) is a sagittarius . the human body is actually very adaptable to external conditions , such as healing over a piece of ... yep , mrs . carmody mrs . carmody - stephen king's the mist wiki all wet ? well you're a pacifist . bully for you . but you're in the army now son . and like it or not , agree with it or not ; all those guys on the other side of the line ; they're not pacifists . non-violent ... absolute favorite : deus ex ... 1 . 2 sucked and 3 was a blatant ripoff of the other two . the entire hitman series , it's a puzzle ! assassin's creed series , actually bored by the game , more ... there's a difference between dominance and doing things to excess . : kitteh : intj's i apologize if you're not into this much dominance . meerly a ... : kitteh : : kitteh : nope , but i'm now 6 away from my goal of 2/1 thanks / post ratio . : laughing : when you do this ^ ^ kind of stuff . : kitteh : i think you meant stereotypical there , kiddo . meditation . been doing it for quite some time myself . i'll toss you this link on how but there's quite a few techniques so i'll leave you to ... when it's on ! : kitteh : oh bugger all , i was looking for that one days ago . : kitteh : just going off the images it looks like zero-gravity pinball with lens flare ! : kitteh : actually , i'm guessing a variation on basically this : ...  : kitteh : how do you re-invent the best selling car in america ? - just seen youtube advertisement . why ? ! ? it's working for it's intended goal , isn't it ? the point of advertising it to sell the product , and ...  wasn't that on an episode of star trek ? : kitteh : when you were reading ' kids ' books growing up . : kitteh : abraxas 5-3- 9 abx 9-5- 3 action potential 1-4- 6 antiant ...  : kitteh : experimental , eventually i should have all the genres again . : kitteh : watson : it's not in the rules . holmes : well then the rules are wrong ! - from the tv show sherlock  and pertinent if you think about it . when telling jokes that fall flat isn't the problem . it's when you have to point out you were joking in the first place . : kitteh : eylrid maybe she's born with it ... nah , it's fotoshop ! and for those that can't tell , that is the lovely ... actually , i was thinking more of a single bullet to drop his defenses . then while he's regenerating you can chop off his head at your leisure . but i suppose a really big gun would work too . ... problem is i'm the one with a probing gaze and i'm trying not to intimidate anyone . which my 6 ' 4 frame , impassive expression , and general lack of speech probably doesn't help . i really have ... but ... but ... he won't stop moving ! and all i hear is a whistling sound when my sword goes through the air his neck used to be at ! : kitteh : lib : kitteh : you know , he has several books of that nature . quite like them myself , but i have to say i disagree on a few points . none of which are currently coming to mind .  ... for all those that have spoken about their haircuts ... : kitteh : precisely , the internet would be a limited resource , thus the best use of it would be to find alternate sources of information . oh , ... the location of every farm , library , hardware store , supermarket , and military base i can get my hands on . anything else i need i should be able to find at those locations . including supply routes ... you know , i'd never even heard of her . not until that divorce thing appeared in all the papers . still don't know who she is or why it's important . and the sad thing is i'm proud of that . :p roud : act and say stupid things sometimes , yes . are stupid , usually not . we each play to our own strengths . * shrugs * you know , i usually don't ask what their mbti is . maybe i should ...  ... '