' well , i should be writing a conclusion to this ongoing school project i have to learn how to cook . i have plenty of photos and documentation of my cooking , but no literary inspiration right now ... some sort of moroccan stew thing i made a couple of months ago . the recipe called for boiled chick peas , which i roasted instead , because the ... picard was more eloquent and thoughtful than all of the other captains combined . i know too little about sisko to judge him , janeway had a judgment-impairing tumor named chakotay ( as well as a ... i probably should have tried to sleep when i saw a truck deliver milk to my doorstep a half hour ago . i guess i'll do what i can , i need to be up in four hours . guitar , saxaphone , and piano throughout my childhood . i was never patient enough with any of the three to cross the threshold of being good . this post is obsolete . > _ > snuggling makes me feel nauseous and claustrophobic . i tolerate it from my girlfriend , because she's enamored with it for some fucking reason , but wouldn't allow others to do so to me . everything's ... ugh , i hope . old age seems to make people complacent and thick-skulled though . i want nothing to do with either of those traits . incessantly negative , trite jerkoffs seventeen , but i feel senile and depleted of life . listening to dirt-old showtunes and trying to ignore my need for sleep . onion rings in a thick paste of syrup and butter . i could happily live in a cold thunderstorm for the rest of my life . something between an intj and intp , typically test as neutral good . breaking up with my current girlfriend under any circumstances , finding a new girlfriend , and feeling like a whore . leaving an emotionally dead relationship ( from my perspective ) and crushing the ... i barely care about academic pursuits anymore , i only take the time to pursue stupid distractions and hobbies . i used to be a goddamn intellectual prodigy , especially where languages were ... well , i routinely blow off important tasks in favor of my own stupid little projects and escapist adventures . when people try to ground me in reality , i lash out at them in a manner i usually end ... apparently , i can't do this embedding thing . that handsome devil - viva discordia i was enjoying an evening at my girlfriend's house one night , playing some ssbm , when we both suddenly felt a sense of unexplainable , impending doom . i called up a close friend of mine who is better ... this forum is doing awful , dirty things to my sleeping schedule . i need to at least try to sleep tonight . so dry , it made my throat hurt . welcome to personalitycafe . if you're interested in something completely different , you could the nt sub-forum as a terrarium . kreisjerkkreisjerkkreisjerkichhaettenichtsanderesdennkreisejerksmachenmichgluecklich i want my spot at the extreme right end of the bell curve back . i used to be so much better , relative to ... between happy and right , right is always the way to go ( if such a dilemma actually exists ) . in my opinion , anything else is dishonest and ungratifying . don't compromise reality for the ... i omitted scenes that seemed unnecessary . - opening credits : terry scott taylor - klaymen's theme - waking up : ^ ( blends together ) - falling in love : wumpscut - thorns ( distant voices ... my ' 96 honda odyssey . shitty though it may be , it has served me exceptionally well . ignoring the function of a car ... if video games are a waste of precious time , then i've lost a king's ransom to them . i've spent the past month or so building up a city on a minecraft server , but minecraft's just the latest ... scientia potentia est - for also knowledge itself is power . umm this is like messed up , you cant just go around mocking people just cause there different from you . thinking your better or more right than anyone else is like fucking fascism , didnt your mother ... outskirts of denver , here . i have no objection to drugs as a general rule . i object to things like pot and alcohol because people ingest them to slow down and get stupid . i used to take adderall for focus problems back in ... huh . i lived in copenhagen for a month , and the danes would have me believe that swedes are generally unpleasant , boorish drunkards , so that's the prevailing idea i've been subjected to . i'm sure i ... your country gave the world kaizers orchestra . keep on keepin ' on . ^ the extent of my knowledge of norway , save that it's the superior scandinavian nation . i made a few new developments to my little block city in minecraft ! :p roud : : bored :: unsure : . . . : sad : i think we're too opinionated . intps are more likely to pursue knowledge for its own sake , and not to any particular end . it could give posters a less creepy way of initiating meetings based on location than private messages . i think i act like a less benevolent simon from firefly to strangers , and tweek from south park to those who know me well . don't feel bad ; it's not necessarily your p , because i have the same issue . the real problem is that we both suck . : tongue : no , that's stupid , here's why : is my personal favorite . the humor in my group of friends typically amounts to this . i do , however , have one friend with whom i get into energetic shouting matches about horrible subjects ranging from sexual assault to ... hey , don't knock it till you try it , brah . : crazy : the relationship isn't bad throughout , and we can just as easily enjoy ourselves together as not on any given day . the biggest actual problem is that we don't have as many interests in common as i ... an excerpt from a chat log with a close friend : friend : so , i have some important news ... me : yeah ? friend : i'm gay . me : for srs ? me : ... nah . unbekannt used rest . unbekannt's insomnia prevents it from falling asleep . welcome to the forum . it's a pleasant place . everything up to the line i added has happened to me so far , with an infp girl . i thought she was similar to me , but we clearly don't share interests or moral values . : unsure : i returned a bag of groceries accidently taken off the shelf before the expiration date i came back as a bag of groceries accidently taken off the shelf before the date stamped on myself did ... the most recent dream i can remember features a very haughty , pretentious , but intelligent girl i know form real life making a heartfelt pass at me after inviting me to her house . we awkwardly ... the simplest difference i've found is that intjs are angrier and more stubborn . < embed src = type = application / x-shockwave-flash allowscriptaccess = always allowfullscreen = true width = 480 height = 385 > < object ... '