' i usually do better with visual learning ( despite learning a good deal from audio books ) . for the temperament i would need to look more into . the political seems on the point by the explanation ... : laughing : never would have expected anyone to ever say entj for my type . yes , i wish i was . then i wouldn't desire relationships or sex . then i wouldn't be so worthless and stupid . or i would and just end up being happier without the desire for relationships and sex ... thanks kinakim . i think i'll need to reread this a few times . yeah i was hoping more people would throw in their thoughts , but i think i annoyed everyone on this forum or they think everyone else ... i have taken that one a few times . i usually get either intp , infp , or isfp . i have been professionally typed twice . first one said isfp the second said intp . in the type me threads , people would ... my top five are context ideation adaptability strategic learner in that order . i am not sure of my mbti * blush * th .. thank you . oh sorry . well i inadvertently did as you asked though lol . wish i could , unfortunately i am not very good at even typing myself . photo , text , or video . here's a photo of me i just took if anyone want to have another go on me also . 709082 thanks again . you deal with identity crisis better and more healthier than i do . i usually get over whelmed by it since existential crisis and focusing in all of my failures in life accompany it ... i seem to still go back and forth between fi and ti and whether which one is more dominate . how are they usually are expressed when it comes to identity crisis , other people being emotional , trouble ... sick , depressed , unsure of self lilypichu . no idea what her type is . that is the only one i can think of at the moment your score was 32 out of a possible 50.scores in the 26-32 range indicate some autistic traits ( aspergers syndrome ) . i don't play or understand the game . it's a very quick and easy way to lose my interest and also make me think you want nothing to do with me . hold on a sec ... i think i had experiences like ... according to this infp . dominate function is fi , secondary ne , third si and the fourth ( also referred to as the inferior function ) te . the inferior part of the question is to see how much you ... re did the questionnaire using the 1-5 scoring method instead of yes and no one . strangely got very similar results . turi not too many sites talking about ni in enfps . i have a hard time ... brightflashes you used the 1 to 5 method instead of the yes and no . i probably should have done that since many of my answers i counted as yes just because there was just a small enough of ... the individualist your enneagram personality type is the individualist ... si do you tend to pause or hesitate and try to figure out if you ’ ve experienced something like this before , scanning for some familiar object , detail , or feeling to hang your hat on ? yes ... secularism or raelism i don't know whether to give up on dating or not . it seem hopeless and possible a major waste of time ( mainly from putting effort in and failing completely ) . but at this point i am not sure what to ... a little worn out ( worked out earlier ) very awake ( took a cold shower after workout ) and slight dread since i need to go to work tonight . i will be happy when i cook me some sugar free bacon later ... your welcome . i seemed to have put back instead of bad in the first part lol 1 . not sure . i was told i was bad at it . and my first kiss was with a stripper ( she kissed me ) 2 . practice and communication with the person you are practicing with . consult some books and ... struggle isn't a strong enough word for it hello and welcome to the forum taurus chinese : dog i'm not alone after all . granted i got some years on you . but at your age i was the same . except i played a lot of final fantasy xi ( i miss that game and some of the people i meet on it ) . wish i ... i never let my schooling interfere with my education mark twain yes , but not the ones of my own creation though . they tend to very painful for anyone who resembles me . a little sick tired frustrated lonely stuck i just realized i forgot to mention on this thread that i had myself typed by a professional for the 2nd time in late may . at the end of that session we came to the conclusion of intp . so i have ... type : 9 tritype : 946/964 i see money as mainly a resource control mechanism for complicated social groups that have gone beyond the theorize 150 population mark . in a large system like we humans live in today , we need ... i am kind of agree to it . while i don't like the idea of animal suffering , i would think that they are not doing to get joy out of it . i also hope that they have done some pretesting by other means ... i tend to troll the trolls . that either causes them to have their emotions excited or we just go back and worth and both sides have a decent laugh about how ridiculous we can get . kinakim don't worry . confusion is almost a natural state at this point in my life . if anything i usually cause confusion for others by accident . at the moment i have myself as an infp because ... turi thanks again . my current bouts of depression is easy to explain . i haven't had soda for over a week and i haven't been eating as much junk food as i usually do , so depression is a normal ... small chance if they run hillary again . don't think i can stomach voting for her again . or i might abstain or vote for the most competent third party ( not like the last one . even though i did vote ... oregon . wonder if gravity falls is an actual city there turi i did the thing first time i had something close to a legit date was in 1999 . the second one i had was 2015 . if the rate keeps on going i will either have my next date in 2031 if i haven't just finally given up ... i may have been wrong in my last post . i fell into a depression while at work later that night . but that could just because i was at work . i can relate to him a bit . i quit a job i hated and got one i don't like , but less pressure and less people to deal with . and i still have no idea what to do with my life ( also not really sure what ... nice idea answering the questions while video recording yourself . danial jackson from stargate sg1 ( series not movie ) death from the disk world series only ones i can think of at the moment i am still not sure if i am an infp . i am not even sure of what or who i am anymore . strangely i am not depressed right now . just very confused and unsure . maybe i lack the life experiences to ... '