if you manage to come to terms with her , somehow letting her know how it could work out , then it's fine . if you can't , she will be a terrible influence on yourself . i never cared about what others think , but that whatever i do is right or whatever i considered to be right . otherwise you risk becoming superficial or contradicting yourlself . and there's no point ... i've been through similar things . i started out freelancing , but i can't stand selling myself . why can't i just wok ? i eventually found a decent job and that's it . what's more important than that is ... i don't know if i'm an infp anymore . i now score as enfj : laughing : so ... i'm back not at all , don't worry . i'm from romania , we're kind of neighbours : happy : infps are uncommon , but not that uncommon . in my small circle of good friends there are 3 women which are most likely infps and we get along great . since we're introverted and daydreamers , it might ... this page is about me and why everything i like is great . if you disagree with anything you find on this page , you are wrong . maddox rocks . i don't let most people know me too well because i'm afraid that my inner self is unlovable . i'm afraid that next time i won't hesitate in putting an end to it all and i'll hurt those who i love ... i was listening to a happy song and i just realized that although i have 10 or so playlists for categorizing much of my music , none of them is for happy songs : sad : because i had to post it . yeah , i love math , physics etc . i am very logical when there's no need for f , but f always wins otherwise . i like a good argument , but in real life i only keep it with just a few friends of mine who ... happy anniversary ! been registered for a year ! achievement earned on 08-22- 2012 ... perhaps he's in a lot more trouble than you think and he's being quiet so he won't burden you with his issues . that's one of the things i like about the infp forum . it's such a peaceful place and people aren't arrogant assholes . damn it . on the other hand , i can't say i've had many problems because of that . i come up as warm and friendly with women that i feel comfortable with , which might give the wrong message , but i've ... i do believe in democracy , direct democracy , not the fake thing we have today . however , the whole point of democracy is having a say in the decisions that affect your life . individual freedom and ... i relate to all of them but this i used to think that's the case , but in reality it's not . most people don't give a damn about others . how do i look ? me : you look great what i really mean : you always look great and i'm not that good with clothes anyway me : it's fine , but i liked the other one better . what i really mean : it's ... yup . today i've also been called uncompetitive . it doesn't bother me at all because my nature doesn't stop me from achieving what i really care about and my values are different enough that i don't ... if i were in his place , i don't think i'd stress at all either . i'm extremely laid back and optimistic . it has to be pretty bad for me to lose my hope and get overwhelmed by anxiety and when it does ... you are a naturalist thinker naturalist thinkers : feminism is the struggle for equal rights between men and women . yes , i'm a feminist . the unadjusted gender pay gap doesn't take into consideration different professions . however , that doesn't make it less discriminatory . the fact that women tend to work in lower paid industries might ... why do you think the wage gap is misleading feminist info ? i love enfjs , it seems like all infps do . i do lurk on the enfj forum and i would love to see more enfjs around here . extroverts are underrepresented on perc for obvious reasons . type 4 is most common among infps and infjs . welcome ! when somebody tells me that we can't change the world , i just get even more stubborn in my views . i think that social change is a natural process and that we have not reached the end of ( political ) ... somebody actually likes infps ! i like warm and kind people very much . i tend to get along better with the girlfriends of some of my friends than i do with them . i also sometimes come up as trying to hit on someone when i'm just ... same here . i always look happy-go-lucky , even if i'm depressed . romanian grammar sucks balls for someone trying to learn it . there is no standard way for plurals , declinations and conjugations are complex and follow no simple common rules ( technically , there are ... why on earth would you want to do something like that ? my first language is romanian and i'm also fluent in english . i know some french from school and can somewhat understand spanish and italian due to similarities with my own language . i wish i knew ... i just ate one huge motherfucking watermelon . i'm probably going to explode . bipolar disorder isn't deadly in itself and one can completely recover from it . i don't have a clue what a community college is . or , to put it another way , pro-capitalists call me a communist , communists call me ultra-left and i call them both authoritarians . haha , more like far-left / ultra-left , depending on who uses the exonym . the idea that libertarianism is right-wing is fairly new , i still use its original meaning that capitalism is inherently ... i'm a libertarian communist / anarchist . the liberal vs conservative labels expose a very narrow range on the political axis . fascism is defined in many ways , but most definitions miss the point . i consider it the opposite of socialism / anarchism . while socialism embraces class struggle as a way towards achieving a classless ... i think most bigots want to feel superior and since they lack any sort of achievements that they can brag about , they fuel their desire to feel superior by considering others inferior instead . a ... i guess nobody says i want to be more introverted , scatterbrained , overly sensitive and less decisive . luckily for us infps , there are people willing to date us , for some reason . technically , it's the gene that's selfish , not the person ( i'm talking about richard dawkins's book ) . it for instance makes someone risk his own life ( the person is acting selfless , against its own ... i'm an infp and i don't like competition at all . it's not that i'm afraid of losing , but i don't like the competitive spirit . it goes against my sense of harmony , which i need very much . the environment is probably more important than the personality . i do cuss , perhaps slightly more than the average . cussing is very common around here , but it's considered impolite around family , ... things like this make my blood boil it only happened to me once when someone close to me hurt me very badly . i ended up lying about what i felt about her in an emotional outburst to make her feel as hurt as i was . i've beaten myself ... i can't seem to find any username that i relate to , so i just use my nickname ( short for my name , ovidiu ) . i went to a physics college after high school and why i loved the curriculum , most professors weren't very competent . i dropped out once i was a senior and hopefully i'll go to some other uni next ...