' don't be fooled : this is almost definitely a secret test to see how much intps fit into the nerdy star wars virgin stereotype . you're right , it does say that . i think i meant to respond to the last part that says that intps don't like interpersonal conflict . it's not like i do like it , i just don't mind it , and am more ... it's a possibility that this is an intp thing . or it's a possibility that he's simply immature . in my experience the kind of people who set out wanting to provoke other people are the kind of ... i would say this is mostly true for me . especially the money part . i tend to worry a lot with money , but then i also end up being very impulsive with it , especially when it comes to food or books . ... i once wished that i was stupid so that i wouldn't think so much . now i know better . thinking is good . don't add to the general stupidity of mankind . we need all the thoughtful people we can get . oh yeah , plus , poetry , duh . not so much a concept as much as a mode of cognition . e . g . my endless fall to my endless fall where no one awaited me , so at seeing who was awaiting me i didn ’ t see ... i think monolatry ( the ancient egyptian conception of deities / deity ) is a beautiful concept . how it works : there is a company of gods , and we can describe a number of gods as head / leader gods ... i think a lot of the time when people mention western logic they're either referring to formal logic , logical positivism , or both . another response i could give you would be polyvalent logic , in ... the best conversations i've had is when i start with an interesting topic and someone can keep up or even bridge it to weird ideas of their own . ex . : hey , what do you think of the possibility that ... non-fregean logics would be an example . it was first created by a polish logician named roman suszko . tl ;d r version : formal , linear logic eliminates the contents of propositions , turning them ... in a u . s . or western context , probably because a lot of the society is built around valuing logical positivist ideals as much as having history of a judeo-christian religion . then there's ignorance - ... not really about complexity . more like , how to modify myths so that inappropriate stuff for youngsters such as pederasty and necrophilia are not a problem . ( until later on when they're ready for it , ... i don't like to think about it . old age scares me . but i figure by the time it's my turn to die ( hopefully after having lived a full life ) i will have come to terms with it . i'm usually direct and to the point . if for some reason the person i'm talking with views any of the details i've given as superfluous , then that would be their subjective opinion . i don't ... you could create a super argument out of any of your beliefs , be they religious , moral , etc . , typically something that is controversial . write it out in a systematic way for it to be brief enough to ... be open to the new culture . prepare for culture shock . prepare to miss home . prepare to have an exciting and wonderful time as you begin to flex your adult muscles . bring country specific snacks ... i typically hate doing group work ( i'm thinking of school setting ) but i'm inevitably always the group leader . this is because as soon as the teacher says ok , get started , all the people in my ... hum . i'm not surprised about your inspiration to learn norwegian . i have some personal reasons for all the languages i listed : spanish , because it's the first foreign language i started to learn . ... i majored in spanish . i'll be doing a teacher training course to teach english in july . and my goal is to someday learn italian , french , japanese , korean , and arabic ... plus maybe swedish . i like ... i learn because it's about the only thing that makes me feel really stimulated . that , and when i encounter gaps in my knowledge , i like to fill them in as much as i can before i feel i can give a ... hey parents or parents to be , i fall in the second category . what's got me worried is this emotional ... thing . i worry that since i'm usually emotionally closed off , will i be available enough for ... well that is strange . i swear i looked this up before posting , and i wouldn't have made a definitive statement like that if i didn't believe it . yes and no it looks like ; there are some forms of ... you give 10 reasons why people are religious , all of them entirely possible . that i do not doubt . however they are only 10 among many . there are millions of people on this planet . i'm sure ... i don't often expect other people to conform to rules i myself wouldn't follow . however i do tend to have ridiculously high expectations for myself , and this bleeds into my expectations of others . ... name one person on this earth that doesn't want it their way . seriously , what is the point of even asking this if you're not even experiencing it ? i can see why the op has taken interest in it . a common misconception about astrology is that only your sun sign matters . it's actually a lot more complicated than that . this is why whenever you ... i think philosophical texts are notorious for being written convolutedly . this is what i'm reading for my epistemology class tomorrow . not exactly difficult , but can be perplexing for those not ... i'll be taking a celta course during the month of july . if you want to know how that went , get back to me afterward . :p info on various courses , specific to spain : alphabet soup what you ... completely and entirely . both men and women are capable of this behavior . limiting this to a gender thing is sexist . please educate yourself . why was i sent to * this * blog ? « finally , a ... hey , i used to do the same thing . i've been in 4 long term relationships , all of them lasting at least two years . with all of them i thought i would end up marrying them . i never did the dating ... you make ridiculous sexist generalizations . that's entirely normal of your kind . doesn't make you any less annoying , but it is normal . something that just occurred to me which i think is amusing : i will always first be super proud of being californian before being american . i grew up in the bay area ( near san francisco ) and have ... i'm a u . s . citizen , and an expatriate ( currently and indefinitely residing in andalusia , spain ) . i never really was very fond of my birth country , because of the intense hypocrisy of our wonderful ... i know you probably don't want to hear this , but in my experience , relationships don't always have to last forever . nor do you have to treat it like it's going to last forever . enjoy what you have ... simone , i kinda get what you ´ re going through , and i really think it ´ s more of an age gap thing than a personality thing ( although that has a lot to do with it too . ) as someone studying abroad in a ... if you smile but it doesn't reach your eyes , people know you're faking it . if you want people to think of you as warm and social , you could try caring about their stupid problems . yes , people are ... i know you've already made your decision , but speaking as someone who was in a 4.5 year relationship with someone who has depression and anxiety , you need to learn that if you're setting yourself up ... i love teaching . i am going to be learning the specifics of teaching young learners soon , and just from some self-preparation i stumbled across piaget's stages of child development ( child ... i've seen this behavior in intps as well . having grown older and more patient , i chalk it up to youthful insecurity and egoism . myself included . easy answer : let her know that you have faith ... how is not using the word retard , for example , degrading ? how is it less degrading to those who are made to feel ashamed and stupid when you use their disability as a synonym for idiot ? i don't ... sorry if i seem abrupt here , i had a long response and lost everything when i accidentally pressed the back button . here ´ s the tl ;d r version . :/ my reasons : 1 . decency . i think it ´ s common ... if you have to force yourself into thinking you don't want a conventional relationship with him , do you really think this is what you want ? furthermore , if you have to make an effort , do you think ... deusxmachina i suggest you say what you literally mean the next time instead of choosing a word that has an instantly offensive meaning and is more likely to be understood in the offensive , modern ... deusxmachina : here's where i'm the only party pooper in the thread that asks if you would please change the thread title to not negatively stigmatize a population for their disabilities . feeling ... jerick why am i suspicious that this thread is an attempt for a marketing sock to gain valuable statistics on people of certain personality types and ages ? o_o ; rememberthisusername you talking about this guy ? rememberthisusername you talking about this guy ? why do you say that ? '