' i love anime but i haven't seen that show specifically . i should check it out haha it'd be nice to see a character i can really relate to . i would want to be fulfilled in my job to achieve happiness . i don't think i could personally do my job just for money or other things . maybe that's just the idealist in me . enneagram type w / wing : 1w2 sp / sx ( 1w2 - 2w1 - 6w7 ) ( using johns test please ) top 3 mbti types : 1 . infj ( 71 % ) 2 . isfj ( 10 % ) 3 . enfj ( 6 % ) major : environmental engineering minor : mathematics currently in my 2nd year of college . still getting the gen eds out of the way . finally in my last chemistry course , and i finally started ... my tritype is : 1w2 - 2w1 - 6w7 so , basically this is how this manifests in me as an infj . 1w2 : i focus a lot on being perfect ... basically all the time . the thing i think is overlooked about type ... well , this was unexpected . lol you are the maker type ! your typical characteristics : helping , effective , goal orientated , improvising , energetic your improvement potential : emotions , ... right here : so honestly , the questions look the same but i feel that the test is better worded here , i found it easier to choose the answer i would most likely ... i got a 90/160 , which is below average . infj , enneagram 1w2 2w1 6w7 i find this strange , but then again isn't eq also about recognizing and regulating your own emotions as well as the ones of ... welcome to personality cafe , fellow infj ! it's nice to find another infj male here , i think i am the only infj male i know in real life aside from one other person haha . i also felt more understood ... infj 1-4- 5 sx / so infj 1w9 - 4w3 - 7w6 sx / sp infj 1w9 sp / sx infj 1w9 - 5w4 - 2w3 sp / so infj 1w2 - 6w7 - 4w5 sp / so infj 1w2 - 4wx - 7wx sx / sp infj 1w2 - 2w1 - 6w7 sp / sx intj 1w9 - 5w6 - 3w4 sp / sx intj 1w9 - 4w5 - 5w6 ... this sounds like a very type 3 song to me , imo race , life ’ s a race and i am gonna win yes , i am gonna win and i ’ ll light the fuse and i ’ ll ... infj my results : conventional : 15 investigative : 13 social : 12 artistic : 7 enterprising : 4 realistic : 1 infj , suburban mansion / home ( warm climate ) it would be kinda crazy since it's so far away from me , but i would love to move to tokyo actually or somewhere near it in japan . i think living in a ... i have no clue what the heck is happening :/ 1 . so you like to keep options open i guess ? open to new experiences , strikes me as a p rather than a j 2 . once again makes me think of p , also se because you're good at manipulating the ... multiple posts multiple posts multiple posts multiple posts multiple posts hey , fellow infj ! i felt like it explained a lot about me too . welcome to the forum :D hrgs or rhgs for sure . also my main house is ravenclaw normally , and i consider hufflepuff my 2nd house . so those two seem the most fitting for me . hey b . m . o . ! welcome to the forum :) it was super short ! i got infj which is indeed my type . i actually liked this quiz , it seemed a bit stereotypical however it gave me the correct type which i have always gotten , which is infj . so , ... i don't know either . funnily enough neither of my parents are nf even though i am . my dad is entp for sure , and my mom definitely is esfj ( i'm almost positive ) . so , my oldest brother is entp ( just ... infj here . i'm a highly sensitive person , when it comes to emotions and when it comes to my surroundings . like some other people have said here , i think it has to do with my low se , and also due to ... caught in the middle - paramore i like enfps the most ! here's why : 1 . their quirky sense of humor 2 . their appreciation for out of the box ideas 3 . their energetic nature , i find them so fun to be around as people infj , i am either dandere or deredere ( or maybe both . lol ) so for me , life is alright as an hsp . it feels like both a blessing and a curse to be so sensitive to the world around me . on the one hand , i feel good that i am always willing to help people , and i ... so i actually took this test the other day , i got infj , which is indeed my type . :-) i'm also subscribed to their channel and get emails from their site from time to time . they have lots of cool ... really like this list ! and hey i'm a wizard ! ayyy x95 tell us about your current avatar ! why did you pick it ? does it represent something ? does it say infj in some way for you ? so , for me , i chose this avatar because it represents something i aspire ... mega sensing plush panda ( infj here ) ... that's hilarious xd and also adorable : 3 i voted the world , just cause i feel like i always ask myself , what can i give to help out other people ? i got these results in the photo based on the test from 8values . on another quiz i took i got left rather than left-center , which i feel is more accurate , but i can take this too . i guess i'm not ... infj here . 3 types i relate with the most are enfps , infps , and intjs or isfps . 1 . infj ( so aux fe ) 2 . others ( for the most part ) 3 . so , i am starting to learn to create a balance between giving to others while also having energy to give back to myself . i know a common problem ... 1w2 the caregiver you're the caregiver ! jung identified this archetype in many goddesses and female role models throughout history . you're the mother figure : the selfless caregiver and helper ... wide-eyed idealist sounds about right to me , also saw lavendersnow talk about anime tropes , and i am most definitely dandere ( the shy , quiet type in the anime ) .. although this quiz i took on anime ... warning : prone to outbursts of anger if pushed too hard . also prone to overthinking at times . handle with care . i'm an infj and i'm also a pianist ! ! maybe not concerts but i've played at recitals many times and i even did a thing where you get scored on your performance which was a lot of fun ! i love playing ... hey ! cool post . well , as an introvert , naturally i am inclined to gain energy from being alone rather than from being with other people . so , in other words , i don't really mind being alone / being the ... im late to the party but thanks for the mention yo i was going to say isfp , but the thing is your ni is really low so that wouldn't work out . mayyybbbeee intp ? idk cause your si is higher than your ne but not by much . try to look at some function ... infj 1w2 - 2w1 - 6w7 iei so for me when it comes to movies , tv shows , etc . i find that i will cry given that i am really into the show and the characters . not a substantial amount or anything unless ... i'm an infj , i guess if i could change anything it would probably be my lack of logic more than anything else . so i guess have my ti be more developed , without losing my fe . i have facebook , tumblr , twitter , youtube , instagram , kik messenger , and this website if that counts . inforjoking puntje damfino decided i am going to get through this spring semester , then take a break for my mental health . its ok if i take the summer semester off as its just for one easy class , ... i was thinking 4 but no the more i look at this i'm definitely a 1w2 . '