' some people ( probably royal ones ) are still gonna be owning / controlling those machines at the end of the day in my opinion tho . 1984 to the 1984th power . unless we do something about it the next few years freewheeling idealist . 20,000 exactly lol . i wish i had the capacity for 20,004 i lol thanks for teachin me a new word ^ thanks is for the avi id probably work on my fitness so when the movie was over id have a better chance at surviving life whatup aliens ... been here for a little while but this is my first thread ... i come in peace : crazy : i was thinking about the myers briggs test the other day when i was trying to type one of my ... im a master at puking up blood i think id need a t as a counselor lol but that instinct can also get us into situations where experiences are the only way we'll learn something . the definition of being charming varies from person to person . so to be charming to someone , you have to be in tune with what the other person / people would consider to be charming . entps are good ... as an entp i dont believe in numerical representations of intelligence thanks : 9000 given : no jan / july / sep one i know is the definition of a one-upper ; and lies a lot . hes cool to talk to but i can only take about 30-40 min before i start to get annoyed . this will likely be my last post on perc lol ya ... kept the door open for a return in the first sentence . i agree with the original posters sentiment . the question is ; what are we going to do about it ? when your brain moves faster you have an advantage if you know how to harness it id like to be in that room . i think it could be competitive for awhile . groups and subgroups forming around certain topics and ideas . then eventually find a way to work more together . we'd need ... biggest waste of money ever ive never lost a battle ( of wits ) that ive wanted to win . i agree that an entj leader with a close entp mentor / advisor would be quite the team my ideal mate is probably an intj . i want to talk about why the fuck i'm here didnt read the thread ... but ... could you picture what would be ? so limitless and free .. ? lol several know of mbti because of me . ive had four people take it and have got three of them correct . the 4th we cant get a type for yet . im only sure that he's extroverted lol . the person who ... i think its paying for friends i like to debate and i love when it leads to me progressively alter my methods of thinking just being there sometimes is enough . silver black and blue talk to other people ; about what youre trying to do or anything . different viewpoints , whether smart or not , can spur creativity . know who your audience is . also theres a quote out there that ... why are you on this earth and who put you here i cured cancer talk too much . have too much respect for rules and social norms . take one of our ideas and act like you thought of it but you still understood what she was sayin you fag o muh gawd im nevre gona use empropper grammer agen . lol i think the character that matt damon played in the informant was an entp id say pick me ... but read my sig ... never took one an enfp i know has a lot of irrational fears that almost consume him and its easy to play off those maybe the truth is manipulated too ... im great at small talk i just usually choose not to do it . tiger ... i don't gaze at people but im good at givin different kinds of looks i can also get away with doing literally almost anything if i use my stone face . show no emotion and look kinda ... nope . if i would i wouldnt consider them a so . if you truly have a problem with cussing you aren't really thinking like an entp . must be usin a feeling function lol we are taught what cuss words are . just a label that people tell us for a ... nope nevah stuttered . i feel for you i just am startin to walk after breakin my ankle in 3 places . it sucks but you just gotta try to keep in good spirits . there will be some days that are worse than others . its a good ... cant stand star trek haha meant to be said in a kindergarten tattle tale voice '