leahomme he was tested for university lemonice thanks :) i know i tend to be idealistic , as leahomme already told me ( which is totally normal for enfp's , especially infp's ) so i might be ... thankies , tinkeries : 3 : kitteh : i'd love to answer , but sadly i'm an enfp xd pills gills yeah , circumstances can change a lot of how you experience a half marathon :P kinda ran it when it was clouded ( 17 degrees or smth ? ) , and i don't mind a crowd :D you know , it's especially the ... a bowl of cherries :P so far ... am yearning to eat a tiny piece of chocolate now . are you me ? lol exactly the same experiences that made me feel fucking good . a good bike and anything that doesn't exceed the 30 km mark xd nvm . answered it already lol about feels , music and having to go to the toilet . ( so special lel , el simple mind of le enfp ) infp ? :) 705874 hello people , most of you have ( prolly ) seen me going around perc for the past 2 months and know me already :D but now it is time to lay my problems onto the table ! let's start with a ... maybe i have worded it wrongly . but i do mean that we align things with what we believe is right or just ( fi , followed by te to conclude ) - i was more aiming at conveying this message rather than ... as already said , i would never date based on types . i do however have experience with an entp . i fell in love with him a few years ago , but it quickly turned sour . while our convos ... huggies are great <3 i also love hugs :) are you tiny ? can we both be tinies doggies on baby magic carpet : o * sparkly imagination vibes * can we circle around the baby tower with tiny rooms ? : o ... * smiles in doggie style * ( dont read this wrong ok ) but but - but tt.tt i want hugs * pouts * mr . meepers yes ! i am a descendant from alladin , and i have earned a baby carpet from his carpet ! * sparkly eyes come from under the carpet * i am a carpet doggie eefje princess ! look at me carpet ! so carpet ! so much wow ! ( does this make sense ) is knife a prince doggie then ? * hides under carpet * p . s . littledreamer doggie ? you doggie ? ? <3 i love little dreamer doggies ! laughs horrendeous : blushed : me ? ? ? cuteee ? ? ? D: D: D: * throws arms in the air frantically and doesn't know what to do * am i ? ? omg thanks : blushed : i sthis thread still going on ? ? ? : o gotterdammerung i'm also glad your name is still the same <3 in all this time you live up to the greatness of your name :D because we both make fun out of our crazy dates , that takes us to a higher level <3 definetly . we can have this energy that seems almost surreal when we meet intresting people . we feel this deep connection that takes us a level higher ( if you know what i mean ) . and impulsive as ... even though this statement is partly true : i believe that we're capable of making a great and fun relationship after reality hits . we can use our ne for more than creating just fantasies . it's ... no , never . i never underestimate someone's perseverance or reslove with never assuming / taking into account which type the person is . every type has a perseverance or resolve , it's just a matter of ... howl from howls moving castle for following reasons : - frivole exterior - seems full of energy / drive - has a deep mind that seems to be torn by feeling ' s of duality ( light vs dark ) - has ... i can handle two guys <3 still got some more handcuffs ? 5679315 6 icy nite i've had three relationships with intp's and a very brief one with an enfj ( i couldn't hold it any longer and ended it after three weeks lol ) as friends , enxx's tend to come to me eventually , but ... 1 ) mediocre attention ? i like to groom myself in order to look nice and healthy , approachable and lovely . but i'd never go as far as spending half an hour to an hour on make up in the bathroom . i ... difficult question . what is happiness anyway ? depends i guess ? today a nice drink , some music and a confession from my crush would make me happy ( lol ) but maybe tomorrow it'll be something ... i'm not sure ... that's great :) spending quality time with your fam is always fun :) - - i'm feeling fine now , a little tired but ready to go :D a part of my braces came loose , so i'm having trouble eating on ... 696754 lel what running and going on a holiday can do with your steps ... blimey :D i beat my record ! ! ! yeah , lisbon was great ! nice weather ( 23 degrees up to 28 :D ) , nice food ( and cheap omg : shocked : ) , nice drinks ( the cocktails * faints ) , nice people , ... overall very fun and pretty :D how have ... i'm so tired and my legs are sore . should've stretched yesterday :'( i am packing my clothes and things for a small trip to the south of france coeurgrenadine i shall be in the same country as you ! ! ! ( you are french right ? ) rafiki be jealous , j'parlerai français là ! because you are my yang to my ying i'd be that girl that comes in alone , eats her ( current ) favorite lunch and cappucino by the window , and leaves with having talked to a random stranger about a random topic . i'd also be that girl ... if i'd be a man you wouldn't be my type , so i'd say not . but from a designers perspective i'd say a unique hot . i love your lips and eyes <3 . 696401 not exactly but i help people out who work for non profit organisations . i like helping in general so it's a great way to make others happy , thus yourself too . career counseling is good for some ... exhausted . but happy :) i am back . although not for long :P but i'll be back . how have y'all been ? :D perc is aliveee ! ! ! i'll be gone for a week :D byebye perc . have fun :D #holiday love , like , lust or long words that grow ever so foreign i ask myself when these would reign over lost souls and words unspoken . reconcile with what was lost and find attachment in what is ... haha yeah , i know those tricks ;) thanks anyway . haha , yeah , i am going to buy a new pair of running shoes before the marathon . if you could give me some professional advice , then that would be awesome ! i am really looking forward to the ... that's fine . i'm ok with that :P beat me all you like , but i am happy that i can run it at all :D i like putting up goals for myself . i don't like deadlines much , like d-day aka marathon day , but i do like to put a certain goal up so that i can make it tangible for myself to see how much i have ... i am trying to keep my mood up , but it's failing . to counter this i'm doing stuff that i like , so i'm making a rough program on what i should do to be able to run the marathon next year in march . ... with lack of a youtube vid . their new album just came out and i love nearly all the tracks :D