' picture of me now ... 74944 thanks ! :-) i also am an infp and i am interested in an entj that i just recently met online on a dating site ... there seems to be something about him that i really like in the little bit of email correspondence ... i can totally relate to this post ! :-) what you said describes perfectly what it means to be an infp ( at least the kind of infp i am ) ! you worded it perfectly :-) it sounds like you are totally supportive of her ; that is great ! i am sure the relationship will work out because you really are very concerned and caring about her ... i am thinking one reason she ... personally i don't think it is a big no no but it has been my experience in the past that whenever i have tried to hash out my feelings with a boyfriend that they get sick of listening to me ... i agree with the others who said just be yourself but as an infp i guess the best advice i could give you is when she wants to talk about what is bothering her when it comes to other people who are ... when you have to get up at 5 in the morning but find yourself posting online to a personality forum at 12:52 a . m ... when you avoid like the plague any kind of confrontation when people are disrespecting you but you are the first one to defend the underdog or vulnerable ... ... you wonder if certain foods can be evil such as refined white sugar ... you feel lonely but the idea of actually calling someone on the phone horrifies you so you watch a few youtube videos of ... thanks ! :-) i am an infp ... i come from a background where my parents and siblings are not religious at all ( father is an atheist , mother agnostic , and sisters either agnostic or atheist but none of them like the ... you've just happily exposed your innermost thoughts on personalitycafe and then flipped flopped your view on all of this by wondering if you now look insane for all your personal postings ... and are ... it seems like i am the only person i know of ( practically ) who can't stand pt cruisers ... there is just something about them that seem so much like an eyesore ... which is weird because i could care ... i think intj / infp is a good match i forgot to mention in my post that looks don't matter to me hardly at all ( it makes no difference whether a man is tall , short , skinny , or 300 pounds , bald or tons of hair ) , what matters to me is ... you know your an infp when you have just completed your 38th upload to youtube all on the subject of why paul is a false apostle and even though you realize no one actually cares or is watching your ... i prefer being around nf's and nt's in general the doorbell ... the phone ring ... your too sensitive do you mind if i ... ? :-) don't get offended but ... i am half convinced my ideal man would be another infp but the only problem is i once dated one and he ended up hating me ( or at least it felt that way ) and it felt like we both were too sensitive ... i actually googled misanthrope about a year ago because i wondered if i was one ... and once i googled it i was half convinced i was one yup , i've got anxiety bigtime ( ocd , social phobia , generalized anxiety , hypochondria , phobias ) ... reading , trying to learn hebrew , interacting with my son , studying the bible ... i totally feel like i am an empath , so much so that i have lately for the past few years hid from most of mankind just because it is so overwhelming to be in the same room as most people and ... being rude to a waitress or other person waiting on you ... complaining about having to wait in a line ... talking about how your last girlfriend was a dramaqueen or something equally negative ... making ... chivalry , leadership , kindness , great with children , patience , humility , humor , a love for god , a love for animals , totally gentle with females and protective of females , good with money and ... it is hard to find someone who would understand me and who would be trustworthy ; plus , i am not even sure if i am supposed to be with anyone ... tell me what's on your mind how was your day yes ... i am 40 and often have 20 year old's calling me hon ... i totally attract the wrong kind of people ... it makes a person become really reclusive after a while ... people who are into status or domination ... also insensitive people who blurt out ignorant things ... also people who can't think outside the box ... people who are cold to children or animals ... i now live near fort worth , texas but am originally from connecticut and have lived in rhode island ... i really love texas ... i just moved here this summer and it is so nice and the people are ... omg ! that totally describes me perfectly ! :-) i love these ! especially the recess one , the math one , and the jaws one ! :-) so true ! that is so true ! ! ! :-) you know your an infp when youtube becomes your best and only friend ... and you find that you have created not just one but three channels ... and you find yourself obsessively searching for infp videos ... i totally identify with what you are saying ! :-) i hate it when people judge people yet i am the worst at internally judging others ... so true ! :-) i find tv very depressing too ... for some reason i tend to get really , really depressed when sitcoms are on and people in the room with me are laughing hysterically but for some reason it makes me ... in fact , i am such a guilt person that at one point when i was going to a psychologist for counseling because of my severe anxiety he would keep falling asleep on me during the sessions for a few ... omg ! you are so right ! ! what you said about them buying into gender roles too much ! i think you are on to something there because all three enfj's i have known in my life ( 2 males and 1 female ) all ... i agree with your assessment of them ; i remember when i dated one for a year ( internet , long distance relationship ) i remember being so jealous of him all the time because he had a cult-like ... you still sleep with a stuffed animal at the age of 40 ... you still live with your parents at the age of 40 ... you feel like a child , yet you feel like you have lived for a thousand years ... wow ! that is so awesome ! that describes perfectly what it feels like to be an infp ... i am constantly cringing over how many i's or me's or my's i have in my emails and if i notice it ; it can trigger ... i think another reason infp's can worry they are borderline is because borderlines see everything as black or white ; no grey and infp's can do that too ( for example , things are evil or pure , versus ... i totally can relate to this thread ... i feel extremely self conscious in my body and am always aware of it ... like i feel like my muscles are constantly tense ; i am surprised i haven't had a heart ... i don't think so at all ... at least for me , as an infp , i do not feel as if i have persuaded one human being ever to do anything ... in fact , that is one area that i feel totally hopeless in ... i think ... i know that a lot of infp's ( myself included ) have severe social anxiety and feel extremely socially awkward so it may be that the infp that takes a lot of time doing stuff around the house is ... i am super self absorbed ( but feel super guilty about being super self absorbed ) ... '