' haha i'm sure ! sent from my vs870 4g using tapatalk wow ! i wonder what kind of potential that state holds .. :) sent from my vs870 4g using tapatalk i was into lucid dreaming a few years before i ever even heard of carlos castaneda . the incentive for me in those times was the endless adventure . it also appealed to me because you can find ... lately i've had just about the opposite problem . in my dreams my activities have been so commonplace and parallel to waking life that i just coast through the night without a second glance ... lucky ! ! ! i wish i had worked it at a younger age ! i remember being semi lucid and manifesting different dream situations , but never being fully lucid as a kid . i'm still struggling to increase ... thank you for pointing me to that forum ! great stuff :) i agree that it is best to regard his works as fiction in order to guard the mind , but there are still some good nuggets of information . ... by no means ! i was just hoping to find another like minded soul :) sent from my vs870 4g using tapatalk hello there ! are there any other infps out there that are fascinated by the works of carlos castaneda ? i am especially intrigued by the practice of dreaming . i've studied lucid dreaming , astral ... i say do it ! huzzah yup ! that's exactly what i was looking for . thanks for sharing :) ohmagod . you are so great ! i like your take on things :D yup ! do you watch avatar ? the way that show describes fire is the way i like to look at anger :D i've been feeling like that too lately . . . what usually cheers me up is remembering i don't need to :) honor huh ? maybe that's why i like japan so much . . . haha i would start with mine , but i'm still not quite sure how to put it into words . . as infps we often view our lives as a quest . what are you questing for ? lol there's nothing right with them , there's nothing wrong with them . . . they just are . i like to think of them as simply an extension of the human race . what's wrong with them ? that happens to me all the time . i always worry that i won't know what to say :/ but i guess what's really important is the thought :) lol soo true ! you guys make my day , every day . soo true ! i didn't know you people were out there until just a couple days ago haha :p i'm with ya on making sense of the world together ! i see it as time to figure out more about myself . lol i love infjs <3 strange buildings ? haha her driving ? how so ? i think a lot of infps ( myself included ) need a lot more positive reinforcement than our significant others realize . it's a problem for me when it comes to ... lol yup , sure was ! anytime :) diamondeyes tell me if i'm overstepping my bounds , but what usually triggers your anger ? haha i always feel so awkward after i realize that i'm doing it . . . that's cool . i've been interested in buddhist meditation lately . i'll do it once in awhile , but that makes no sense haha . it's kinda like those buddhists that travel to tibet every time they ... lol just after seeing your picture and what you said , i could tell that you're a fellow infp :P i think that's beside point . regardless of what heaven might actually be , you can still picture a happy place where everything goes your way . i think my happy place changes as i change , but ... lol totally true . i've wanted to learn aikido for awhile now . . . but all the martial arts classes i've been to so far have been kinda lame haha good luck ! :) i've always liked that idea . my only concern is that if i teach myself to punch something when i'm angry , i might actually harm someone or something the next time it happens . . . it's weird how that works , cause those are the people you want to protect most . . but i totally know what you're saying , it's the same here . lol what has happened to my capitalization ? ! ? ! . . . that's supposed to be a guy with a big smile not a guy awkwardly licking his nose . . . * * hug ! ! ! :d how do you mean ? lolol i do every one of those on a daily basis ! i thought i was the only one :P and the dancing part ? so effing true haha throughout my childhood i was always just a peaceful little dude . never fighting , never finding much fault in the things around me . i always thought that meant that i just didn't get angry , but ... comment . lol i've gotta say , that sounds like a truly epic day . i'm jealous :P lol i love all of them , but the one about the complaints from his coworker is probably my favorite right now :D lol everything ? i would post a link , but i guess i haven't made enough posts yet to do so . . . i'll get there , it just might take me awhile lol it's probably the funniest thing i've ever read :P i guess i was wondering if any fellow infps share my love for this man lol i've been described as being a bubble of chill haha . if i can provide a solid and stable ground for the people around me , i feel like i've made a least some sort of difference . thanks :) i'm new to the whole chat room thang . . . any tips ? confused but excited . . . haha hey ! thanks for the warm welcome :) '