' 26146 hahahaha something i made whilst i was bored lol ' cause my boyfriend is always talking in riddles and metaphors i don't understand what the hell he is talking about . i don't understand why he can't just tell it straight up and like it is lol i don't go to parties xd i don't know how to respond to that , usually i just nod and smile . inside i'm trying not to run away i do the ' i am so angry ! one a lot :P hahaha really well , we managed not to fight all day . he told me he wants to spend the rest of his life with me , growing and loving eachother thanks we are going on a walk tofay , i'm about to leave to meet him :] that's difficult when we don't live together .. we have no where to go to hang out that's our space . thank you for you suggestion .. i've been begging him to take the damn test but he keeps putting it ... thats what i think too he makes me feel wrong , but this is the way i am . i like being alone , i like keeping my thoughts to myself . my boyfriend and i just spent 6 weeks trapped in an apartment together ( his moms ) because he had hernia repair surgery , we got back home and parted ways ( him back to his friends house and me back at ... new here that's why , obviously , i'm posting to this thread . looking for different or same personality's to talk to . so add me if you'd like . hello i'm new too :] i deleted my facebook and came here instead , i'm liking it much better . my brothers an infp hes awesome how do i post myself ? >:D men who have cookies are so sexy i second this . i think how awesome it is being alone , finally ! i just moved back from eastern washington to seattle .. i'm missing eastern washington and my dog ... i think about the day and what i could have ...  ... yeah i had to do that today i said try not to go too far off topic or i wont understand what the hell your saying . he was for once okay with the way i handled that which was cool .. cause usually i ... amazing band . you like them ? apparently , yeah . this is a cool song i've never heard . i just got into portishead about a month ago good taste in music   i'm hoping so . :] that i can't describe my feelings , even to myself . i only like hugging my boyfriend , otherwise don't touch me . i only hug him because i can't tell him how i am feeling ... most of the time i don't even know how i am feeling . or when people talk and talk and talk without getting to the point , or going on a whole different subject trail ... - _ - when people ask me how i am feeling or what i am thinking . quit being so effin ' nosy ! or when a person tries to make me into a copy of themselves . i opened up to him a little bit tonight , he was so happy . still awaiting his personality type . i know hes an extroverted personality . i'm excited to see what he is . we talked for a while , it felt ... oh , i don't know i asked him to take the test last night . still waiting on his type i'd like to be a photographer , not sure what kind yet .. i just take pictures of random shit . [ quote = crn 97 ; 359524 ] i'm new to this so bear with me . i had my personality typed years ago but i dont really fit into the istp lable . the older i have gotten i really am more intp . i think i'm ... i got 20 . it's what i expected . - rope dart - drawing - painting - photography - fitness - cooking - poi - contact staff the list goes on ... i don't know what my so is , what is an so ? you've never done anything like this ? c'mon :P i'm trying to get myself to feel for him , if i can't i'll let him go . it's only been 3 months yeah , i'm trying to change . that happens to me all the time - _ - i'm finding istp's more and more attractive . hes my best friend my only friend , but i'm not in love with him like he is in love with me . we had an argument last night ( well actually he yelled while i sat there and stared off into the distance ) ... i'm istp and i just don't many feelings about anything . i don't remember when i was a kid , i don't remember anything .. sickening :P talking - _ - i find someone who doesn't like talking as much as i do though i have a shitty camera . '