' this post is mainly for the users who were not able to fill out a survey posted by me earlier other forums on this website . many users had complained about that survey . the problem was about its ... this post is mainly for the users who were not able to fill out a survey posted by me earlier . many users had complained about that survey . the problem was about its content which was solved and ... if there is anybody who has not completed the survey he / she may have a look at it and complete it as per his / her convenience ! thanks ! if there is anybody who has not completed the survey he / she may have a look at it and complete it as per his / her convenience ! thanks ! if there is anybody who has not completed the survey he / she may have a look at it and complete it as per his / her convenience ! thanks ! if there is anybody who has not completed the survey he / she may have a look at it and complete it as per his / her convenience ! thanks ! if there is anybody who has not completed the survey he / she may have a look at it and complete it as per his / her convenience ! thanks ! if there is anybody who has not completed the survey he / she may have a look at it and complete it as per his / her convenience ! thanks ! if there is anybody who has not completed the survey he / she may have a look at it and complete it as per his / her convenience ! thanks ! if there is anybody who has not completed the survey he / she may have a look at it and complete it as per his / her convenience ! thanks ! if there is anybody who has not completed the survey he / she may have a look at it and complete it as per his / her convenience ! thanks ! if there is anybody who has not completed the survey he / she may have a look at it and complete it as per his / her convenience ! thanks ! thanks very much ! :) if there is anybody who has not completed the survey he / she may have a look at it and complete it as per his / her convenience ! thanks ! if there is anybody who has not completed the survey he / she may have a look at it and complete it as per his / her convenience ! thanks ! if there is anybody who has not completed the survey he / she may have a look at it and complete it as per his / her convenience ! thanks ! if there is anybody who has not completed the survey he / she may have a look at it and complete it as per his / her convenience ! thanks ! sabrah the results will take a little time owing to very less amount of entries per day ... as soon as there is ample data , the result will be published shortly after that ! musician_enigma thanks a lot ! :D fourtines this example that you have posted will help us in searching for discrepancies that can occur while we are gathering the data ! thanks ! the changes that you suggested were applied accordingly . thanks for the input ! :) i'll keep that in mind ... btw thanks for your input ! :) thanks a lot ! :) there is still a lack of considerable amount of data . but here intps have the have the maximum entries till now ... and yeah you might be right on the out-of-proportion thing ! :) thanks for your input . the results will be out after a little time owing to lack of considerable amount of entries till now . :) the results will take a little owing the less number of entries till now . i still need considerable amount of entries ! thanks for your input ! :) the data will be used for some research ! thanks for the input ! jdstankosky i already reduced the number of questions from 13 to 9 after the intp and istj forums raised a few issues regarding the content . now if i will reduce the number of questions , the ... danlikesgirls what is the issue ? miss_terry actually i wanted to cover biological genders ( male and female ) and psychological genders ( homosexual , trans-sexual , asexual etc ) together . all psychological genders are under other ... zoof i checked and found out that the website is going to be re-hosted in approx 2 hours , so you don't have to wait for 10 hours like i mentioned before . zoof actually this site is being hosted by google apps , so they give a limited time , every 24 hours , for a website to be hosted . that period for this day is over . you can come after ... say 10 hours ... that i started off like a personal research but as soon as some thing constructive come out of it , it will be published . though the publishing will take a little time ... but yes it will definitely ... stelmosdream thanks for pointing that out , i'll correct that ! nighty 88 sorry , i won't do that again . but actually the website went down yesterday , and the stats showed that many people clicked on the link but found that the site was down , that is why i posted . actually at the intp and istp forum there were some objections regarding the content of the survey , due to which the it was re-designed . i would be obliged if you could again fill the form ... actually at the intp and istp forum there were some objections regarding the content of the survey , due to which the it was re-designed . i would be obliged if you could again fill the form ... actually at the intp and istp forum there were some objections regarding the content of the survey , due to which the it was re-designed . i would be obliged if you could again fill the form ... actually at the intp and istp forum there were some objections regarding the content of the survey , due to which the it was re-designed . i would be obliged if you could again fill the form ... the findings will be published in a while . actually at the intp and istp forum there were some objections regarding the content of the survey , due to which the it was re-designed . i would be ... the findings will be published in a while . actually at the intp and istp forum there were some objections regarding the content of the survey , due to which the it was re-designed . i would be ... aquc solitaire u i have tried to address the issues that you pointed out . the site has been updated . please have a look and re-enter your information . thanks ! candiedviolet brown 93 shale the findings will be published in a while . actually at the intp and istp forum there were some objections regarding the content of the survey , due to which the it was ... the link is up again ! bahburah armez dashing the link is up again ! i have included metal . but sub-genres have not been included as they would result in a list of 134 entries . all ... dashing alright ! ... it will take a couple of days ... solitaire u my intention was to gather the data based on ones interests . but as aquc has mentioned above about some glitches in the system . i actually cannot update or correct the error he pointed , ... aquc oh ! thanks for the input . i actually had designed it myself . i really did not think it this way , the third point was an eye-opener ! you can still give your input ... in case you have no ... dashing my bad sir . if you like metal , you can rate the rock genre of the survey ! i hope you won't mind ! nighty 88 this data will be used for a website . for that ample amount of data is required . this consists of questions pertaining to how much you like a thing ? rather than simply what do you like ... hi all , i earlier posted a survey on this group . i received mails saying that the questions were a little weird and many in number . so i designed a new survey that has less questions . here is ... '