' ( animated music video ) share your favorite or just any cool amv ! : kitteh : 14 : kitteh : i don't know if anyone else experiences this , but i have a recurring dream . it usually starts off with waking up , and then sneaking out the door or out a window making sure that no one finds out . i ... i think you're trying to understand yourself better , which can be a good thing but also a bad thing . i'm sure you know what i mean . i also think you're very self absorbed , and spend way ... fairies when he decided to threaten you , and when he decided to slash your tires , he knew what he could get himself into . this is an effect that he caused . don't feel bad . you didn't do anything ... small will awww but i was so curious ): but ok no problem : kitteh : small will i'd say entj / intj , it depends if you prefer to be around people or by yourself . the following questions are in order to determine your enneagram ; are you confrontational ? do you ... i'm blue and environmental tan . : kitteh : try looking into these mental disorders : borderline personality disorder , inferiority complex . when you inflict harm upon your own body , generally says that you don't love yourself & ... would you mind providing a few of her responses / texts ? if she ignores those guys , it's because she's not into them . as an infj , i can tell you that i know when a guy isn't right for me . i imagine ... yeah , i totally understand what you mean . i have a clear view of myself when it comes to relationships , i know what i can give and i give my best . this is also why i think we should at least have ... although you're agnostic , i'd still like to comfort you by saying that god avenges . you were completely innocent as a child , and taken advantage of by everyone around you . even if ... chocolat i think you're looking for a relationship that will be fulfilling to you in every way . it's ok to have high standards ... it's ok to wait for someone who'll be worth it . don't be afraid to ... speaking for myself , yes . i went through many things that no child should . it's beneficial , because it made me have a greater awareness and conscience at a young age . at the same time , it's ... jinhong 91 teanigami same here , i love that song too ! kse is one of my favorite bands . : crazy : here's another song i enjoy . i love rock , as you can tell by now hehe . : kitteh : ... i love king and lionheart by of monsters and men ! : kitteh : this is a very touching song for me . it's comforting to listen to for when i'm feeling alone . it reminds me to treat others the way i'd ... that's interesting ! aside from obtaining information tactfully , you're also sparing the other person from feeling bad ! it's in a way , a sort of kindness you do unto other people as well . : kitteh : you ... yes ! i know exactly what you mean . it's indeed very interesting the ways that brains work . like right now i'm thinking that , usually the istp guys on here are rude . you don't seem to be rude , ... without getting so technical about it * cough * : kitteh : , it's usually assumed that istp's are out doing physical activities , like playing sports , or building things , since they're much more ... mary my sister recently went through something similar . i convinced her to make a written complaint . a day after , the guy was like a totally different person . he's completely respectful and ... paxis oh , she enjoys ignoring you and your feelings ? how about you go to her house and speak with her mother , tell her everything , and when she comes home she will have to face you because her mother ... lazyleviathan either intj or intp . check out 9w8 , 5w6 , 5w4 , 6w5 . that's what you come across as , to me . your intuition is apparent since you make connections derived from observations you make , you ... xdollie . definitely esfp . angelcat you really don't show any signs of ti dom or fe , and se . you show a lot of fi , because you're concerned more with your feelings , views , opinions i prefer it this way , as opposed to , how ... i honestly don't think 2 years apart is something to be worried about . what is worrying , is that he's friendzoning you . i think you're giving too much of yourself to him , it's like working ... martinacoustics 12 i really think it would help you a lot if you joined a group ( club ) at school . you should consider trying one out , a club that interests you maybe having to do with art or music . you ... white how old are you two ? writtenwords hmm , do you remember doing something unusual over the past 1-2 years , lets say around the time when you started feeling ill ? anything unusual you can think of , it can be something you ... writtenwords i'd like to start by asking if you have healthy teeth ? secondly , have you been blood tested for parasites ? also , do you exercise ? lastly , what does your diet consist of ? don't even bother with this guy , seriously . there are much better guys out there waiting to be found . : kitteh : some people seem to think it's better to be treated like a trained dog , ... misterd how would you feel if she had gone out with another guy instead ? why on earth would you give up a meaningful chance to prove yourself to her but instead you wasted it on a girl you feel ... girl you are hot . that's why they stare . and your nose isn't big . : kitteh : what the heck are you talking about ? xd chocolate <3 91600 91601 91602 91603 i noticed you mentioned animals a couple of times . when you think back , did you witness animal cruelty at any point in time ? or cruelty aimed at anyone or anything ? were you disturbed by ... what is your gender ? female 1 . at what age did you discover you were an infj ? 14 2 . what was your first reaction at this insight ? i felt pretty cool . 3 . how interested were you in ... . thomas hey john , first i'd like to ask , what brought you to this conclusion ? have you tried turning negatives into positives ? try renewing your mind , try changing your thought process , ... vulcao you sound like an isfj , 1w2 . : kitteh : foxhead 128 i think you should try counseling to get help for this issue . it seems to be deep rooted , like a past trauma . i'll just go ahead and tell you that you wouldn't form healthy ... paxis since you're moving more , your body requires more calories to burn . your weight gain might be muscle growth though so don't worry . there should be a separate thread for the guys , they're going to feel left out . xd wanted traits 1 . kind , considerate , loyal 2 . respectful , unmaterialistic 3 . brave , able to protect his loved ... thanks jennywocky dvnj 22 unless you have those sorts of problems , why would you want to get a chemical castration ? if it's because you don't / can't find an so , please don't give up just yet . you're ... i thought chemical castration would only make you infertile , how does it reduce your sex drive ? maybe you feel you'll miss out on something worthwhile if you fall asleep , so you try resisting . i wouldn't dream of it , your entpness . i don't mean to offend but you sound a bit full of yourself . : tongue : so that , plus the questionnaire , sounds very intj . 82251 82252 definitely these two albums . amy lee's songs influenced my character , my way of thinking & feeling . i used to be quite a shallow kid until i listened to her albums . i have to ... raid bombs / foggers , you have to store all your belongings in plastic bags . then , open the cans and wait 4-6 hours for it to kill all the roaches . well , everyone has had their own valid experiences in life that has led them to believe in what they do ( whether it be science or religion ) . every experience is a learning opportunity , you can take ... 4th & 5th . '