' hi , are you really manic ? greetings . yes , sorry . welcome , always good have another nt . am i the only intj that is spiritual ? back when i was prescribed dextroamphetamines , i found that there was nothing better than having two cups of coffee and 30µg of dextroamphetamine to start your day . you'd feel good , happy and ... i think this is spot on . also heads up dsm-v no longer recognises asperger's as an official diagnosis . i have high-functioning autism if you want to call it . either way i'm slightly autistic , but i ... i took an enneagram test and got this . your cognitive functions : introverted thinking ( ti ) | | 7.92 extroverted intuition ( ne ) | | 6.42 introverted feeling ( fi ) | | 6.39 introverted sensation ( si ) ... i don't do a lot of things . yeah sure i go to my wing chun classes but that's about it . i rather spend alone time . i need time to re-energise . my esfp cousin is always dragging me out to places ... se ? ! ? there is no way my se is that high , it's the weakest of all 8 functions . i'm certain of that . would appreciate any other views , do i sound infj ? i ask the wise sage , what is the purpose of life ? he says just being . - ahura mazda . thanks , it's sort of my opinion that i no longer fit the intp archetype and am more in the infj spectrum . i'm a fairly emotional person at times . thank you , but do you think i'm an intp or infj ? sp / so probably makes a lot of sense . i'm not sure about 6w5 but definitely 4w5 considering i wear buddhist bead necklaces , handcrafter silk shirts ... made a very strong argument , and i concur with him . whether or not you think it was objective is completely your opinion . also i smell troll . this thread is utter ridiculous . its completely speculative , with lack of hard evidence . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? well i would say its myx 85 uhx 85 shit . ix92ve shifted and become more emotional , less rationale , and a little more organised . so i ... shit , so i am an fe after all ? i'm in a fe-ti loop of some sort , so that rules out me being intp ? i had a gut feeling that i might be an infj , but i question it because i'm not very organised . the tibetan book of the dead by robert a . f . thurman just wondering if this person is intp or infj . hello there : happy : your post attacked me with colour , but i welcome ye :D hello , and welcome to the forum :p roud : a little too much information would have been if she told you how many vibrators and dildos and which ones she enjoys the most . hello , and welcome to the forum :p roud :  in fact i got so good at it , that i got to point where i self-iinflicting myself , and i acted like everything was fine with everyone , and then my mother found out , told my psychiatrist , and then i ... i would say it's like wearing a masquerade . you know like in phantom of the opera . masquerade ! hide your face so the world will never find you . that's how i've felt for four years , but i've let all ... to me it will be a emotional co-operative type . either enfj or esfj preferably . am i an impostor ? i can't decide if i'm enfj or infj . but i serious need alone time . my home has to be tranquil and serene so i can recuperate to face the world the next day . i only do haiku . abandon all hope , happiness will come to those who least expect it . china , or really a chinese or japanese garden . : happy : 好了 ！ 中文是太易 。 我是英国人 。 :p roud : i never done an open university course , but i found mandarin very easy , and i find the logographic writing system a lot easier than the pinyin . however i am an outlier ... it's just like anything . i thought i was once entp because i was using ne a lot , but i also wasn't in a good space . i found te and ne negative and destructive . so i am definitely a strong ni-fe with ... actually that's perhaps the best way to determine if she is a concrete co-operative , or an abstract co-operative . what intuitive is she ? damn ... i feel like i've been shot down : frustrating : whether or not you're an esfj or an enfj you sound like a person i would like to hang out with . : happy : also fe is fucking amazing isn't it ? i ... marry me please ! oh and welcome to the forum . :p roud : hello atleow , welcome to the forum . : happy : can we be friends ? :p roud : ermahgerd ! ! ! you are amazingly beautiful . look how fucking beautiful sexy those eyes are . they are sooo cute . :p roud : those eyes make me want to hug attack you . hey arwen , :p roud : i like your username . i can relate to what you mean sometimes you know exactly how your feeling , other times you have no idea . i find i have to think about what im feeling , to ... i tend to fly the plane , when i'm on an airplane . :p roud : dear citizen of the world , i spent my entire childhood in asia , singapore and china namely from 1992 to 2005 . it was indeed a cultural shock relocating to australia . it might sound funny but i ... actually no . i'm an anglo-irish descent , british and australian national . whether you agree or not , i'm on a path of spirituality , because i've got to a crux in my life where i need to have faith in ... thank you . hopefully you can forgive my innate ability to apply feelings with what i think . i may be no vulcan , but i feel that the mazda i provide to the forums will always light all the shadows in ... i added mine :) im surprised that there is another in mandurah . oxycodone , and dexamphetamines . :p roud : both i've had legally , the dexamphetamines , and modafinils that i have had is great , it gives me energy to go , and get things done . :D salutations i have decided to join this forum , and become involved within this community . :p roud : i live in australia , and am 24 years young . i am looking to forward to meet new people , and ... '