' i hate small talk just get to the point , if it's not important then please don't talk to me . nope , but i know some people who are really into conspiracy theories , and they're very paranoid . yes , people tell me i look pissed off all the time , and to smile more . hmm i must have read the title wrong i thought we were able to ask absolutely anything . my best friend is enfp it was a simple question damn you feelers . keep you're awful comments to yourself . my best friend is enfp she's very good with money , but it's also her downfall she's always worried about finances and whines non stop about credit cards and blah blah blah . i usually tune her out ... why do you crave affirmation ? when bane kicked the shit out of bat man in dark knight ... i take that back i like tattoo's on other people i'm not really into it , but i do have 8 piercings . i sometimes get short intense burst of energy at night when everybody in my household is sleeping , but other then that i can't be bothered . bleh . ... i was once told i have an onion booty does that count ? rofl . i'll flirt with a cocky , arrogant , douche-bag on purpose just so i can shoot him down after . i'm not really a hugger , but when i do hug you damn it you will love it ! well damn , i guess i'm the only female who only has a few close girlfriends , and zero guy friends . i used to have many male friends when i was younger , it was also kind of hard with having four ... what everyone else said . i absolutely hate talking on the phone , i prefer text . i'm temporarily phone less right now , and it's the best feeling ever . that show is hilarious and bizarre . i'm currently obsessed with the show revenge . procrastination is a bitch ! i love cats , but was never allowed to get one my mom is allergic :/ i'm sorry to laugh , but that's just so hilarious to me . tell him to man up please ! ! letterman's a pervert lol . bread sticks from olive garden . you look scared ( insert racial slur ) ha ! stfu . 10chr she's more bubbly in her interviews , but i agree she's hot !  i'd describe my style as edgy yet subtle , i'm known to wear lots of black i try to throw some color in there sometimes . i hate make-up i only wear it when i have to . i like hoodies , and loose ... it's kind of hard to answer especially when i have know idea what's going on , but in my experience if you believe you haven't done anything wrong then you're fine . i still think you should sit down ... greetings . the girl with the dragon tattoo . i don't really understand your question . you think he's weird for being polite ? i know if i was having a bad day i'd probably want to be alone and do the work by myself . the fact that he was ... i've had that same problem , but i kept putting it off because well i have a hard time expressing my emotions . that lead to resentment and it only got worse until i confronted my friend about the ... istp's don't really care to lead not saying we're not capable , but who really wants to be responsible for other people's actions ? even if they won't be anything more then they are now i think he has a right to know . did you say it will make his life harder ? it takes two , and i'm sure it will be harder for her to carry a child ... i went from this to this ... ... knows when to keep their mouth shut . i have never stayed up for 24hrs . if i don't get at least 10 + sleep i can't function well , last time i had a normal sleeping pattern was probably in elementary school . lol . i agree such a ridiculous thread . i really enjoy historical fiction . noble : 3 socratic : 1 reflective : 5 omg 10 ? lol . i would die . just relax and smoke some weed . oh lord , who needs a tissue ? purity ring - lofticries you look mad . why are you smiling ? you need to get out more . you're so random if i find something amusing then i'll smile and laugh , but other then that it's just to much work . i was a tomboy in high school , but then again i was the only female in a household with 4 older ( loud ) brothers . i like to keep to myself most of the time , but when i go with my close friends ... well according to my friends i'm really funny , because i say the most random things , witty comebacks . although i'm really shy , and quiet most of the time i can definitely hold my own when my ... i don't believe in reincarnation , but i've been told the same . i don't know if this was mentioned but ... you know you're an isfp when you need 10-12 hrs of sleep . '