' this site is good : , but it's a lot of information and it's tough to use as a comparison tool to tell which aspects might be different between two ... and how about isfp description ? lol read that literally at first ... must be hungry ! i would stay far away from this dude . that's extremely annoying behavior that can quickly escalate to stalking and controlling behavior , imo . does not sound healthy at all . that was a great analysis , similar to what i would have done . i do think you were too quick to rule out isfp though , just because si was high . the highest combination of dominant + auxiliary ... pino 1 - can you post your latest keys 2cognition results ? nevermind , i found them . so after looking at those results , i think it is very unlikely you are istj . your te result on this test is more ... i am the same as you ! woa > qt > pt > g > aos . aos is last since i always feel guilty when others do things for me . like it's my responsibility , i feel bad for not doing it ! regarding false flattery , i ... that's great ! good luck , i hope you get it ! it's nice having your boss on your side ... my current boss is a type 2 , probably social dominant i think . he has gotten on my nerves a lot this past 9 ... rave : got a 5 % raise this year ! my boss said the standard is 2 % and he had to push for the 5 % . : shocked : he also said i have a lot of potential and soft power , that everyone likes me , and that he ... type 9 lyfe : i can do art , but i am not very creative . most of my work was heavily inspired by other things i saw . i also can't draw from memory at all . my cheese sandwich with 6 types of cheese : ... i guess people are still outraged over politics ? xd definitely not having the same conversation in 2017 as we were in 2011 though . lol . hey kevin , thanks for elucidating the reason behind these changes . i would like to say that regarding issue # 2 , please make it optional for each person to appear on others ' activity feeds , not ... sela - omg that's awful ! what kind of introverts decide to be a couple in public ? ! that's so awkward , even if you didn't like him . :( you can get through this , he surely wasn't worth it anyway ! sela - just caught up on the whole saga ! was a bit confused there for a second , lol . anyway , i am wondering if he is possibly an enneagram type 6 and was using the relationship status prank to ... cute ! sorry about the overwhelming feels , though . sounds like you've got something good started ! :) check out this thread : tl ;D r - reallly depends upon having more details and the intent . for the misuse of the company phone - was it to call a nsfw hotline ? or was it to call the doctor to make an appointment ? are you sure ... lol xd i think my new boss is a micromanaging enfj type 2 . say hello to intrusions and miscommunications ! just one example : at our supplier , there is this machine part that keeps breaking while they ... also found this description online : istj si-fi loop : an istj in a si-fi loop will replay past events , usually traumatic ones , and relive these past experiences in their head and then wallow in ... istj 9s aren't that common actually . not sure who the other 2 people who voted are ! istj 1s are more common , istj 5s are quite common , and istj 6s , 3s , 8s , and 9s are less common . have seen a ... yeah , i would agree with istj from those results since you have si > fi > te and your last function is ne . it's not uncommon for istjs to have higher fi scores , especially if they have not particularly ... 20th century american presidential enneagram types relatively few 8s get nominated by their party , but if nominated , they almost always win . i found 11 elections in the 20th century in which one ... rant : ugh . my bf should not be required to work a 20 hour shift at a field location that is 1.25 hours away . isn't that a safety hazard ? ! this is ridiculous ! how is that even legal ? i know they ... words of affirmation ! :) one of three subtypes in the enneagram system . ( others are self-preservation or sexual / one-to-one ) this link gives a good summary : social subtype so , safe to say you're a social dom ? : wink : hello there ! i saw you in istj-land and then found this thread and decided to share my opinion . to be blunt : it is very unlikely you are istj . i was going to ask you to take the keys 2cognition ... for the world : how to tell if an istj likes you ( as told by 13 istjs ) | thought catalog pretty consistent and accurate in my case . actions speak louder than words . if your bf has been living with his ex for a year and they still look like a couple , there is a good chance he is not being truthful with you regarding his current ... haha nice . yeah , when there were a couple of volleyball videos going around a couple of months ago , everyone kept linking me to them , too . :P sela - do you know them ? ;) i think this is so great , even as a so-called millenial . it's true that my fb news feed is full of this crap . :P music festivals , man buns , essential ... hurray , someone gets it ! ;) the only thing that partially bothers me is when the word is used in the phrase that's deep , man . it's usually spoken by bros describing something that , in reality , is not that insightful . : tongue : global rant : nice ! yeah , i don't doubt that there are estps in the back ! lol . :) reminds me of the time i threw some of my roommate's cinnamon onto my oatmeal only to realize it was actually cayenne pepper . : laughing : and i was in such a hurry , i had to eat it anyway ! xd yeah , i have experienced this . good way to phrase it . i always have the ability / desire to stay up later than others , to rally longer than others when we're out somewhere , etc . other people are ... agree . i think the chart is off-base , as it asserts that ideal matches are opposites . opposites may be ideal for some individuals , but definitely not for all . i've come to believe the results of ... i used to work closely with an entp and noticed that we got along mostly only when we weren't working together at all ... pretty diametrically opposed on approaches , effort level , sense of duty , ... yeah , i'll have to dig up and bump the thread i was using to collect it again . :) <3 spreadsheets . lol . so your order is si > fi > ti > te > ne > fe > se > ni . the average istj is si > te > fi > ti > ni > se > fe > ne . ( see spreadsheet here . ) graphing the actual data , it looks like your te is on the low end for an istj , and ... jamaix - can you share your results of this test ? keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes when this totally applies : are you kidding ? two 6 ' s trusting each other ? ! : wink : sorry , you must have tasted my istj and 1 - wing side . my 9 side is quite sweet ! : kitteh : '