' hello enfjs ! i would like to know if my relationship with an enfj male seem to be developing positively . first off , i met him like two weeks ago in a party . he was drunk . he wanted to kiss me but ... hi ! i'm curious to know what you guys think of and feel about infjs . :) hi ! i'm an infj and i was curious to know about how you , enfjs , see us , infjs . :) scarab right now i'm okey although i have to admit i felt alone during those days he was absent . but there are worse things . i met this intj some months after the academic year started ( i've known ... i'm dating an intj male and during the last week he has been quite absent . i haven't seen him face-to-face ( waiting for him to make a move for once ) and he takes a lot of time to answer my texts ... i don't need him to be mature . i just think he would avoid a lot of suffering if he gets a clearer mind . if i can't help him is okey , i don't want to change him . i just want to expand his perspective ... hello ! i've been dating this intj guy for a month already . as we're both quite independant i find it a very comfortable relationship where we can have the space we need . however , he can very ... i'm dating an intj guy right now and this picture kinda reminded me of us . it's funny as we are usually playing that game of challenging each other , like in the second pic , but , at the same time , we ... we're naturally very private people and it is difficult for us to reach the point where you can really open with another person ( metaphorically speaking , it kinda feels like if you're about to jump ... i talked about this with an intj that had a crush on me like did you ever make any sign ? . and he told me he didn't . maybe he could have been a little nervous at some moment but he told me to be ... hey ! from my experience , i get on amazingly well with thinkers . specially , intps and intjs . i have two intp friends . both female . although i think one is a lot more mature than the other , i do ... hello infj mates . recently , i've been thinking a lot about my reserved nature and how it has affected my social life for the past years . after having analyzed it deeply , i've come to the ... hello cold-faced but warm-hearted intjs ! :) i've met one of you some months ago in class . we talked a little bit face-to-face once and , after that , he started sending me messages . we didn't talk ... hi ! in the last months i've met a guy with whom i go to class ( who i believe to be an exfp ) and we've been talking almost daily through the phone . we've also had some conversations face-to-face ... with improving i mean more companionship , get along better , leaving apart any difference ... but i know that some people lack the maturity enough to understand it and this makes it harder . and ... infjs , as idealists , want a better world . but , that doesn't mean we always take actions for improving situations . however , something we always have in mind , is how things could be better . but that ... i feel responsible because , apart from being the representative of the class , i have the need of changing it . i've already been in a lot of classes like this and i envy ( in the good way ) those who ... hello infj mates ! :) it's been a while since i last posted in this forum but i'm glad to be back cause , again , i need some ( infj ) help . the thing is , in a week's time , i'll attend a social ... maybe you could organize an infj meeting near the place you live through some online site . just an idea . if someone organized something like that near my hometown , i wouldn't lose the opportunity ... in my case , i'm usually passive . i preffer to be the one approached . however , sometimes i will try to initiate a conversation with an stranger , making first a quick analysis of them from their ... hello infj mates ! :) this topic may have been repeated but i really wanted to know your opinion about it . i'm a tiny infj teenage girl with a kind , discreet and navy appearance . however , it has ... hi infj mates ! : happy : i've always been a very relaxed person . i do things calmly and if i have to spend an important amount of energy in any activity ( physically talking ) i'll get extremely ... i usually attract very genuine people . most of them infps . : butterfly : heey ! i'm from spain . : welcoming : hello ! : coolest : i'm giving english classes to an enfp teenage girl ( i made her take the mbti test ) and i was wondering how could i adjust my classes better to her personality . she loves to talk . ... spidershane techniques to compose songs ( more focused on rock songs than other type but i don't have an electric one : ssad :) . for example , good combinations of chords , different rhythms that can be ... hi everybody ! i play the acoustic guitar and i was wondering if you , guys , know about any website or youtube channel where i can find useful composition techniques . thanks you so much ... te ( extroverted thinking ) (8 0 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 70 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... advocate ( infj-a ) mind 29 % extraverted . - . 71 % introverted energy 80 % intuitive . - . 20 % observing nature 40 % thinking . - . 60 % feeling i'm from spain and i've never been abroad for a long time . so i can't say whether if other country would be better for an infj ... but , honestly , here , i feel happy and comfortable . extroverts are ... a novice's mistake . i'm new in all of this : laughing : thank you arzazar szubrasznikarazar aren't they two other types of coding languages ? then , i put 3 coding languages ( java , html & css ) as an example of what i'm interested to learn . the only reason is that i ... arzazar szubrasznikarazar i meant java , but javascript can be also useful ! : th_wink : song in faroese from a magical singer : hearteyes : hi ! finally , i've decided to study a vocational training focused on the development of web applications and ... i don't know anything about programming ( i mean , i know what it is , but not about an ... i will go straight through the questions ( too lazy ) ... daily routine . i would wake up in the morning to go to the school ( although i was shy and quite reserved i managed to have a good group of ... usually i'm at home , at the beach , sat on a park bench , walking by the mall ( probably in the library , not so frequently in shops ) or in a cafe near home . : th_wink : 1 . awareness of your own emotions , especially during human interaction ( as opposed to solitude ) when i'm with people their emotions substitute mine . if they feel sad , i'll feel sad . if they feel ... i'm in my last year of high school and i'm so excited to finish everything and start a new journey in my life ! : biggrin : so , being an infj , with some p tendencies , i'm really quiet in class . i'll ... i have an enfp good friend ( male ) that i've known for 4 years now . we are very comfortable with each other and we can talk just about everything . he has shared with me how much he has suffered ... infps are absolutely needed . it's true it'll be a dark , ugly and hard path . but you need to stay strong and , above all , stay true to yourself because you're so worthy . we need infps to fix what ... i'm a 9w1 . : h01113 : this used to be our secret now i'm hiding here alone can't help but read our names on the wall and wash them off the stone i trusted you in every way but not enough to make you stay turn ... songwriter , singer and i have also in mind a job that doesn't exist ( yet ) but still it's my favourite : maker of dreams ; and it would consist on studying different techniques mixed with your own ... i specially like your avatar and that blue color that is so beautiful . a color as special as your username which reflects hope and magic .  ... inside lives the goddess who's in charge of looking after the nature in that place . she's recharging her energy like every night and when she recharges she releases the purest light from which the ... '