' i can be naiive enough to think that i'm uncomfortable living in a society that considers sex a commodity . this is interesting . everyone here identifies as smart , but few report intellectualism . how do you guys experience your smarts , more specifically ? do your energies get funneled in to intra-personal ... i think my fi emergency button is a little sensitive ... i tend to go off like this alot ... best not talk about politics around me just in case ... :P chwoey she violated my personal views by failing to question the implications of a large-scale policy on the quality of citizen life . as far as i'm concerned , no one , ever , ever , ever should ... this morning while i was eating breakfast , a woman sitting near me was talking about how she wanted to legalize prostitution for ' economic reasons ' . i was about an inch away from walking over to her ... i love this thread . watching a friend get her face painted . ( who would guess that would be so funny ? i'd have a hard time holding in the laughter if i was the one painting . must be even more ... why has nobody mentioned chicago yet ? pretty buildings , lots of art , friendly people ... lake . lake lake lake lake lake . this is a serious problem for me . when i'm low , i find that giving myself a day or two off - - completely alone with absolutely no schedule or responsiblity - - is critical . when it gets really bad , ... huh . i wouldn't have pegged him as an intp , just because i usually feel a communication gap with ntps in conversation and these lyrics hit me * so * hard . ( maybe the key to fixing my relationships is ... yep sounds like me . haha . i just can't ever tell if it's worth it . i sing folk songs with guitar / violin but my nerves are awful and even if i manage to make it through a song at a party or something , i can't do much more than shut up a few drunk hipsters . haha i ... i think my favorite thing about this thread is that you all write these lovely / beautiful / adorable descriptions , and i know they're all true . :) 35869 grainygrainygrainy and wearin ' headphones but this album's good and i didn't wanna take em off . ;) hey , digitalceremony ! do you like the national . i was watching this video earlier and noticed some similarities between matt here and our friend jim . but , i think he might be infj . what do you ... high violet / the national . * cries * these are some very honest , courageous responses . definitely the ideal i aspire to , but i don't know if i'd really be as strong as you guys if someone approached me romantically while i was in a ... isfps , how do you define your happy ? what gets you to that place ? what's your relationship with long-term-happiness ? how do you maintain it now , how do you envision you will maintain it in the ... well . ok . i'm going to be a little different . i dunno , you guys tell me if this is simmilar to your experience . i can't really imagine se or ni with out the other . se needs ni to undestand the ... i thought she was intj almost definitively . we share functions with them , so it makes sense . this is how i see it ... she's definitely on the se / ni spectrum , i cannot imagine her with all the ... i never understand you guys ... thinking hurts . xd for some reason , lonely intps are usually very drawn to me . i'm almost always * intrigued * by them in response , but i find them especially ... oh my god i love books . i could talk for hours . when you say ' deep ' what are you looking for ? that takes on a lot of different meanings for different people . if you're in to pretty language , ... thank you , brave souls . this strikes me as very isfpish . ' i've come test the timbre of my heart ... ' i feel this way sometimes , but i don't know if this exactly type related . ( unless the isfp tendency toward chaos and spontaineity is keeping you from sleeping , eating regularly , giving yourself ... no shame oh my goodness ! i would have never taken just like honey to be about oral ... gwahahaha . i hope the girl knows . xd this is so interesting ... gosh . he's just such a cool character . ( bah . i really ... i love art - - anything beautiful , actually - - so much it's disgusting . i can't listen to music in public becuase i'd feel like i'd just made out with everyone in the room . concerts can make me feel the ... i really really relate to the part about te . most of my planners have become diaries . xd to-do lists ( and the associated thinking ) have been growing on me as i've gotten busier and they have begun to ... hi ! i'm jumping in to agree as an isfp 9 . i don't spend time thinking about or naming my values . in fact , i have a really hard time understaning any sort of justice system , even an ... sometimes i skip class and spend the day in a grocery store when i'm stressed out , but that's the most running away i do . the feeling resonates though . i'm really frightened of being home since i ... same ! i'll stay up just to get in to that zone , and write my heart out . early monring is beautiful , beautiful , beautiful in the spring , though . ( at least in the midwest us ) it's hard to stay up ... speaking of whom ... heath ledger ? it frightens me a little bit , so that tells me it's something that i care about . and , the perfectionism without regret ? i can relate to that one . :P ... dead on . the planning kills me . it's important to be in touch with the moment and the feelings in it - - you know when you get there exactly what is right ; when a guy pulls back and tries to shove the ... hi , guys ! i'm new . :) i'm trying to learn how to name my functions as i use them . curious - - how do you experience using your fi / se / ni / te ? tell me stories ? : crazy : ugh . yes . so much so that i was in tears when i realized i'm an isfp . ( that's horrible ! isfps are great ! we have ryan gosling ! ! ) is there a thread / forum that deals with this issue ? i'd really like ... calm , snowflakes ! we are all nonsense . :P butting in ex post facto ( this thread is great , i've just got to say something ) - - i agree with ... fuck . i love this band . yeah . i agree with intj . just thinking about the lyrics on psychocandy , he uses visual symbolism in funny ways . think the living end - - he introduces himself as charachter ... i completely understand - - i think you're really fighting for this , though - - the describing you're doing doesn't seem to be lavish / indulgent / superficial . this is a critical moment for you , and i ... ugh . i know . it gets to be a rediculous , draining process . i'm hesitant to type you because i've been mistyped by folks on the internet , and was sent in to some crazy brain-loops that took a very ... i really like this site . :) i don't want to type you for you , but i think you'll know pretty instantly what is you when you read it . it may also help you out with your parents . your dad sounds a bit ... thanks . reading that helped me decide--finally , now - - that i'm going to take a couple of months away from the internet and read jung on my own . i trust myself enough to get the job done . it'll be ... i agree with aimforthebrain in some respects . it's particulary difficult to type someone when you mostly see them when they are angry . that said , if you feel that learning thier type is especially ... i agree . enfp is secretly my favorite personality type . ( though , i shouldn't say that ! ) i'm always on the lookout for you guys . your ne and fi seem strong to me . si seems to be absent . probably the ... deleted this - - embarassed . love all the talking heads on this thread ! yesss . well said . the hard to socialze part ... man . haha . all the time . :P plushwitch yes . sorry . i didn't mean to distract you all from the point . there's totally a correlation and i respect it . i just felt the need to blurt / remind everyone to kind of stick it to the man ... just curious how you guys spend time in your head . most of the time , i have conversations with imaginary versions of people i know . sometimes i'll get obsessed with an idea ( si obsessions ? ) and ... jumping in to this conversation because i really need to get something out . i think we need to stop spending so much time trying to justify these sytems in terms of eachother . like , well , i'm 3w4 ... hahaha . spot on ! funny how type seems to be so * shallow * at the same time that it is incredibly intricate . it's there the whole time - - i mean , type can be so incredibly obvious - - but it still gets ... '