' i'm totally down for new connections ! i also have interests in gaming and chatting about whatever . i mainly use skype , steam , or discord for chatting . i've been enjoying solitude a lot lately , ... anxiety and stress can definitely dominate everything you do in life . it makes me sad to read that your creativity and hobbies have been disrupted due to these feelings . let's see what we can do to ... usually whenever i think something negative about someone , or notice myself passing a judgement in my mind , i catch myself and think no ! don't think negatively like that ! understand the person ! find ... it's possible that it doesn't involve fi or ti at all . infps and intps both prefer the ne function as their auxiliary , which is all about creativity , ideas , theories , pattern perception , and ... i'm not afraid of opening up to people - i'm just highly selective of the kind of person i want to be open with . i don't have a huge desire to socialize or create connections with many people ... a couple of months ago i mentioned to my intj friend how much i love alice in wonderland . today , a package came in the mail for me from him ... and it's alice in wonderland tights ! 632322 ... i'm definitely self-centered , but i don't view it as a bad thing . i love spending time alone , learning new things , trying out new hobbies , and focusing on what makes me happy . this allows my core to ... the picture of dorian gray ( oscar wilde ) . a very interesting philosophical story . it has also peaked my interest in hedonism , haha . i really admire how wilde can string words together into an ... 630522 decided to go ice fishing in - 36 ° c weather ... my eyelashes froze ! my ideal mate as an infp female ... well , i'm a huge sapiophile . so , ideally i'd like a mate who can stimulate me intellectually . if you can fill my mind with knowledge and openly discuss anything ... mach results : your score was 47 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the low machs , people who will hold out for the goodness of the world and avoid manipulation . not the people machiavelli ... i remember when i was younger , my older sister had a magazine with photos of men and asked me who i would sleep with if i could . her question really confused me . i told her none of them .. i don't ... i was raised in a roman catholic family and attended catholic school as a kid . i enjoyed going to church as a kid for a few reasons : - i liked listening to the choir sing - i liked feeling like ... jigsaw hands lock the door and close the window you donx 92t want the neighbours to listen or hinder your attempt to battle with yourself inside because it is not i who you wish to hide choose ... 442962 when the paleness of winter sets in ... visual for sure . i need to create charts , diagrams , colour-codes , and silly doodles to help me learn . i re-write notes as well to help me retain the info , and to keep my notes 100 % error free . ... you are so quiet you should speak up more you sure are thinking a whole lot you are so understanding you should grow up feels great being analyzed all the freakin ' time by some ... next time you're both calm , just sit with him and explain the importance of personal space . tell him that you respect his space when he needs it , and that you've noticed that he doesn't treat you ... started making my halloween costume today : kitteh : cute collar , check ! 419666 my entj friend is causing some confusion within me . when we first started hanging out , the sexual tension was really high . after a hike together , he expressed that he had held back the urge to ... my best friend online is an intp and i'm very thankful to have found him . : kitteh : things i admire and appreciate about him : - he's logical and knocks sense into me whenever i'm emotionally ... intoxicated . drinking games on a monday is an interesting way to start the week . feeling good ! i can rapidly shake / wiggle my eyeballs : kitteh : i believe it's called voluntary nystagmus . it's fun to show people , but i dunno if it's damaging to my eyes . hmm , interesting ! i do reach for pens from that holder with my left hand . my monitor is more to the right so there was just more space on the left for it . my closet has a hangy-cubby thing on the ... i'm dominantly right-handed . however , i'm almost just as skilled with my left . i'm curious about your deductions : kitteh : indeed ! having artwork and colorful things around the room is relaxing and inspiring . oh gosh , i got alpha . you're dominant , confident , and attractive to women . and you know it . people naturally look to you as a leader . you set women a-tingle when you enter the room . women find ways ... i feel exposed sharing my room like this : kitteh : enjoy ! 406746 4067 70 406754 4067 62 ^ my kitty boots wanted to be in the photo haha ! * bows * i have no idea about astral experiences ... but if i'm kicking butt in it then woo ! perhaps i should do some research into it . pet peeves ? telling someone to stop tickling me and they keep it up . people who think they can impress me with their lies . people fighting / yelling / hurting each other . how does one refrain ... i've never experienced anything too extreme or any universal adventures , but there are two experiences i have that won't leave my mind . the first is when i was around 5 or 6 years old . me and my ... 1 . is it easy for you to maintain eye contact during conversation ( in general ) ? yes and no . eye contact makes me feel really ... weird . i hear what the person is saying , but when i make eye contact , ... torn . my head and my heart do not agree , and it's annoying . thanks for sharing your story ^ _ ^ i love stories . i doubt she got offended by something you wrote or anything like that . if you're replying to a lot of her posts , then maybe she's overwhelmed and ... sure is ! soundwave is on it too . blaster brings the noise and soundwave slams the beats haha : tongue : i do ! but it's mostly just in the moment and i don't really beat myself up over it . i'm just well aware that no one is perfect , everyone has flaws , and accept any changes that come to my character ... your dad likes efficiency and likes to run the show and get things done in an orderly way . he wants everyone to follow his rules . i think he's probably looking at you and not seeing you do things the ... oh gosh , let's see ... 1 . when i do word search puzzles , i don't find the words from a-z , i work backwards from z-a . 2 . late at night i say prayers for those i love and care about , even people ... we do tend to hide online or somewhere comfy where we can go unnoticed . i've never really hung out at a coffee shop or in buildings associated with business . if i'm outside it's most likely near ... what actions , achievements , qualities , etc . do you admire and would me focusing on improving these help my chances with her ? i admire when people are 100 % themselves and have confidence with that ... i'm an infp and the best connection i've had with someone is an infj . we share an unbreakable bond that's quite special and very deep . my infj feels the same way , if not stronger about the ... ne knows something about everything . ni knows everything about something . so as an ne user , we tend to find similar interests / topics to discuss with people pretty easily . we dabble in so many ... went on a hike this afternoon ! almost got lost and had to create my own path ... but found my way to the top safe and sound : cool : nature is freakin ' awesome ~ this actually tortures me a bit ... i really want to know the story here . i'd love to hear it and help in any way i can : blushed : i feel like i may be asexual ... been realizing lately that i've never ever saw a male or female as sexually attractive . the attraction i experience comes from somewhere else . it's more emotional and ... got my new spectacles today : kitteh : 365786 hmm , i did have my hair short for a while . but i eventually started to feel less , girly ? i missed having my hair flowing and long . but , then when my hair is long , i miss having it short and out of ... i think it's sad when people lose their inner child as they grow up . i often say i'm a child at heart , but an old lady in disguise : laughing : i doubt that will ever change , either . i never did like the fake it ' till you make it thing .. not sure why that doesn't sit well with me . maybe i should research more about it ... i think it's very common for infp types to feel ... '