' how would i handle this ? plain and simple , first buy a brick and a mask . then , go out , far away from the pc . thats all . not seriously if this happened only in the internet ... wat ? what if your passion is creating a new currency ? hi , im not an entj myself but i would like to learn ... how do you cope with daily procrastination ? do you guys suffer from it ? and any kind of temptation , how do you manage it ? i mean , when its ... alright , here is my routine , get a hammer , nails , and a rope . wake up at sunrise , watch the beautiful light , get outside . can you feel the wind ? its so good , go to your neightbour door and start ... laid back , not demanding ... really ? who wrote this shit ? you can be whatever you want with this pseudoscientific theory . this right here is why i hate typism so much , you can have intercourse with a goat make a club of goatlovers and there will be aaalll kind of people there , all the spectrum of enneagram and mbti ... mmmh i dont think that its because it hits your type . i felt shame when i read my type description because it talked a lot about fives beeing autistic and a lot of other negative adjectives . read ... jhmm , according to that you definitely are a cocky little kid . unless , off course , you are an adult . watch yourself , you are overanalyzing it , so what type do you think that you are ? i came here for sexual porn and found this . have sex with a sensor and find out . where is the five information ? really its annoying , as a five im very curious and knowledge hungry , why the f its incomplete ? , i prefer nothing or atleast i demand a change in the title . i demand ... keep wasting your seconds in this thread . <--- dear xxx where is the science at ? religious stereotipes that pretend to get the complexity of human mind down to a jail of conscious thoughts . for me , only works when you get enought information to get an update of your life , and for me ( again ) it was the enneagram that really helped me to understand some traits included the one that you ... intps and entps became whatever they want , but you want a stereotype ? then yes take 3 or 4 more people with the same experiences and create a fact in your mind , built trought anecdotical information . yes . <- i cant see nothing more than stereotypes . 7 , bad relations with those trought my life ... in family and love . but well 7s friends can be fun , except if hits depression , i believe that , that shit really hits them hard , more than to any other ... at the end ... ¿ there is cientific evidence of enneagram and mbti theories ? if not , we can think about a correlation without real facts but concepts created by the semiotic of the theories . in ... ok here is an idea . 1 . you are into financial whatever and want to actually help people right ? , but well , paramedic and police officer needs a lot of pragmatic skills , so different of theorical ... books , watching tv shows , surfing the internet , reading wikipedia articles , even going to the gym ... or taking photographs , playing online videogames , writting , painting , playing guittar . i mean ... if you really want to not be ignored , try a hit in the genitallia . thank god , if you were a little more judgamental , you could became the infj who holocausted intps i never do this until someone else laughts , and its not a laught but a strange smirk . you do this in every place ? me like to shit papers stuff and very slip things like fish and stuff covered in stuff ... according to a mutual friend of his that he has know for 15 years and i have known for a year , he rejected me because i was virgin . back to last night . we met for my cousin's going away party at ... a lot of females in this thread are not heterosexual . interesting . i dont really think about enfjs implying that mbti correlates to manliness . implying that talking about curling its manly . implying that a man that hugs another naked man in the ground is manly , implying that exists ... you can dance at any age . you always can dance for money . . . . . . . . . <--- its the big thing , or it was . damn im the only street cop ? , i want to be one of those detectives that can be in a crime scene and also be in action . and take advantage of my copness ... badboysbadboywatchagannadowhenwecomeforyou . doe say compl thin , only pseudo stuff . as an intp i can like whatever i want ... or whatever happens to be ? i don know , which one , an intp decides what he likes ? or a complex system of enviromental information , experiences and the ... im not good at sports , never really interested in that except maybe boxing . oh and football , because in my country is kind of a ritual and tradition , also i like to drink beer with my friends ... its deffinitive that your puberty its fucked up ? maybe testosterone would help . if i consider all the consequences , they both will end death at the time that i get the answer . i cant identify with that behaviour ... but as some wise man said beeing an asshole is like beeing the security guard of the shit that comes throught your anus . the one who fullfill better his community , in other words , the one who copulates with more money . ( literally ) if you dont mind beeing completely nude in a big city , youre not shy , otherwise , you are . one of my oldests friends ( enfp off course ) is a chemical engineer . he was very , very stuborn about beeing one , and now that he knows the boredoom of beeing one ... its not happy . lol . ( lord ... oh ... intz ... i wanted to protect myself with my own shield ... atleast a literal shield , this thread tricked on me . its possible in pseudoscience basis . . . . . . . . . < < < '