intjs and enfjs definitely . entjs would piss me off entps would make me vomit blood isfp would frustrate me infjs are too deep intps are annoying the rest don't matter . enfj and intj or enfp and intj i'd say . relationship question , but i felt it deserved a thread of its own . pretty straight forward question : why did you break up with someone ? was it something they said / did ? was it a particular way of ... hold your horses , that's all . pushover ? i've done law , and during my degree , i met my best friends who are intj and infj . the intj is going into litigation like me , while the infj is now on his way to becoming a diplomat . in my honest ... physical traits : i don't generally go for looks . it definitely is not the most important in assessing someone of interest . just your regular man would be fine , with good hygiene . i can't do with ... hmm ... so how would an esfj attract me . my mom is an esfj and one of my best friends is an esfj [ male ] . i was never attracted to him , but if i had to be , it would be because : they have a strong ... when going in a relationship with an istp , don't think of him . think of yourself . will you be able to benefit from this relationship ? because honestly , istp are just fine on their own , and they ... agree with what ellistra has said , but don't overly praise him , because he will not view it as genuine , more like forced , like something you feel you have to do to cheer him up / motivate him . he will ... i may have an answer to that ... it would be easier for extroverts to find istps imo . here's why : the istp is not that uncommon . there is bound to be one of them in one of your many groups of ... isfp and infj wear their heart on the sleeve . entp hardest to figure out ( they are often in denial anyway ) i guess i don't share the typical entj pov on this one . maybe it has to do with the fact that i am only 23 ? when i date , i don't think of the ' end goal ' yet , not about him being my life partner , ... invisibility time travel super human endurance haha , i don't know . sometimes the heart has it's reasons which reason knows nothing of . i can identify with the frustrations . that's what an entj would think . and assume as well . but how can you be 100 % sure that it is him who's reading your tumblr ? it might be really awkward to find ... yes . completely agree on that one . having been a student , and having to sit through a 2-3 hour long lecture listening to someone is boring enough as it is . then on top of that , if he / she starts ... when there's a huge crowd walking in a quite narrow lane with a couple of hawkers to the sides , and having people literally stop abruptly in front of me to check out whatever is being sold . making no ... i plan my next trip , or next course of action . it might seem stressful for some types , but i actually find it very calming ... knowing . truth be told , i've been trying to get my hands on an infp for quite a while now ( 6 years maybe ? ) and i've never met one . not in my immediate circle anyway . and that's saying a lot since i always get ... would never say intimidating . probably infps but not istps . it's quite easy to gloss over / ignore an istp who is just sitting quietly and listening . what might be weird is when the istp tries to ... honestly ... as a female entj who has befriended 2 other female entjs in uni ( all rare ' species ' ) i will dare to say that it is not that easy to identify female entjs in real life , specially when ... isfp / esfj / enfp / istp ( x ) talking to entj : x : * tells about their latest failures * entj : why did you do / say that , that was stupid . x : * tries to justify * entj : * raises eyebrows * x : * mumbles * yeah ... as you have seen from my various inputs , it seems that i have taken my decision already , even if i haven't told him about that yet . it seems i am leaning more and more towards the ' just give it a try ... thank you for your reply , i really appreciate it :) i think it's the expectations that worries me , where one side will expect a lot from the other side and it will not work out because of that . at ... so i just started seeing this istp 2 weeks ago . we had been acquaintances for 6 years . turns out that our personalities are a great match , we have the same values , principles and logical way of ... 8.5 the 100 , but that was well over a year or two ago . i don't watch tv or series much oh right ! let me clarify it then , your partner is going away for 3-5 ( 5 months most probably ) and then coming back for 3 months , and then going back for another 5 months before coming back for good ... what are istps take on ldr ? do you guys think you could possibly go with it ? why ? thank you for replying ! :D how long have you known each other / been dating if i may ask ? i'm wondering if maybe , type 6 istps are pro-commitment rather than the opposite ? ahoy ! an entj here : 3 just started seeing this type 6 > 4 > 9 istp , i'm taking things slow for now , but he seems to want to go out everyday ? i thought you guys liked your alone time more than anything ... more than a year later , i'm still trying to figure our my enneagram ! lol just now tested as a 1 ... going to be taking couple more tests i guess ... i haven't seen many type 1 entjs around :/ your score was 12 out of a possible 50 . entj he asks way too many questions to be an entj . an entj would make a statement and back it up with fact . an entp would shoot questions at you to mess you up . isfp tmlt have the best relationship with his / her parents ? melancholy choleric 7 sanguine , 50 melancholy , 50 choleric , 29 phlegmatic the real question is , which entj would want to be good at absolutely everything ? it would be a waste of time , and we really value our time . the type who makes me feel istj - enfj give up on the t . enfjs are cool too 367066 the action components ( 32 % ) gamers with high action scores are aggressive and like to jump in the fray and be surrounded by dramatic visuals and effects . gamers with low action scores prefer ... my friends are mostly intjs and my family is intj / intp , so you can guess where it comes from . i also have a very slight preference for extroversion over introversion so could pretty much qualift as ... nopes i don't like that ... i don't like it when people touch me so why would i touch others lol playful with words yes , but only face to face . how to become more organised , driven , focused , better at completing goals . i think you should start by looking at the differences between entp and entj and see for yourself what needs to be done to ... if i feel that the relationship is not going anywhere , i'll let the person know directly . i would be very straightforward about it and matter of factly . i would still be tactful and be careful to ... nopes , never fallen in love . but i know who i don't want to fall in love with and i don't , so i made this theory that says the inverse is true ? dont worry , i know the theory is flawed . depends who i'm with . with fellow intj , entj , intp , estj not much ... it's a lot more fun with esfj , esfp , enfp and entp let me tell you . that's just coincidence . perhaps you posted something on social media and that person - who is in your friend list - saw it and decided to get back in touch with you ? i think the weirdest is having ...