'  enfp and intj moments sportscenter not top ten plays pranks what has been the most life-changing experience in your life ?  on repeat for most of today . may the perc experience immerse you . the last thing my infj friend posted on his facebook before committing suicide the next day . rest in peace ~ hello enfj 7 . sorry to hear of your distress . it's only natural for a relationship to not be perfection all the time in every moment of existence . try to figure the hard times as times of growth , as ... 84389 84390  ... welcome and stuff . game . set . match . prozac , wellbrutin , at least thirty minutes of moving your legs ( and i don't mean moving them while sitting in your same desk chair ) , weed in moderation ( maybe try edibles as a healthier alternative ... basically come up with three items you've determined that each type ( or whichever types you want to do ) would more than likely use , given each types ' cognitive functions and whatnot , when left by ... all things in moderation . sims is indeed a video game , and a good one at that . note : a good one at that is somewhat subjective in that i am not completely promoting the death of any given sim ... dear enfp : what were your favorite video games growing up and what are your now , current favorite video games ? : cool : it appears to be too late . : sad : there's someone out there for everyone . wait ... i thought confidence was a good thing . i just cherish the time of solitude b / c i revel within my inner world more whereas most other time i'd be workin ... just enjoy the me time while you can . don't worry , people will always be around to ... yo entp ladies ... if you're into a complimentary personality , well , hey . ... when your main social outlet is xbox live conversations and even then you verbally fatigue quickly . i really dig the part from 1:46 to 2:50 banned because this thread requires it of me . get high in backyard , roast and eat marshmellows in backyard while conversing over something intellectual , followed by massages and kisses .  banned for too many b's in that sentence . how could you ! think of the b ! banned for watching movies in the corner with the dunces . banned because health class clearly taught you nothing about peer pressure . banned for a whole host of reasons ! 1 ) two baby deer on left and right munching on a beetle in the middle . 2 ) using their own blood , two cavemen diary today's latest happenings on their designated cave diary wall . 3 ) i see it as ... a pokemon world an infj society everyone becomes an optimist 49142   not all artists are artists because they draw . it's the idea that counts in forming something of your own ... like a signature . welcome to the robot ranks , person who downed my self-esteem cuz i'm not an avid signature artist like herself . :p roud : banned for taking all the room under my bed . ya gotta learn to share with the roaches . banned for being too much of a thundering , grumbling kind of storm ... yep . ahh ... old high school music i haven't heard in ages . i failed a public speaking class a few years ago and i've sort of learned what i could do better were i to be in that position again . a big part of my failure was just overloading myself with too ... i like this person's mentality . he's a confirmed intj by the way . move to the denver area and start a new life for myself . '