' trope married nightriser . any really old school personality café members know what happened to cryptonia ? he contacted me a while back and i didn't follow up and now i don't know where to find him . :( sitting on a computer , realizing i haven't been in this forum in forever and i have no idea what's going on . is this a new branch of physics or logic ? yeah , i restricted the domain to [ 1 / e , oo ] to take care of the little tail over in the corner . another fun problem : trying to find the inverse of f ( x )= x ^ x . not as easy as it looks ... why do i know no one like you in real life ? what counts as nerd cred ? shun the non-believer ! shunnn ! i can definitely relate to the sort of selfish unselfishness you are describing here . in my experience , though , the problem isn't so much selfishness pe se ( getting some kind of pleasure out of ... calculus was fun to me , although others haven't shared my enjoyment of it . nightriser has spoken highly of discrete math in the past , though i haven't really taken it and , as a result , i'm maybe not ... basically , yeah , that was what i was thinking . and if there was a way the user-created group posts could show up on the user's subscribed threads so you knew people had replied to it , that would also ... i was wondering this because sometimes i have an idea for a thread , and none of the main subforums are really ideal for it , but the user-created groups are a ) generally not checked all that ... basically as little as you want . i found ways to have fun with math when all i had was a multiplication table . of course i'm weird like that ... calculus ! yay ! my experience is , everyone i feel naturally comfortable and flirtatious around winds up being married . it's very strange , and i don't have any really good explanation for it . it's not like i know ... i could drive there if i wanted with little difficulty . good times . flannery o'connor was right ! yay i don't do any of that ! go me ! i am apparently not an abuser . wait , i knew that already . ah well . i do the same thing , except with my right hand , since i'm a natural left-hander . i've noticed in the past that i recognize people primarily by their eyes : if someone is wearing sunglasses , i can have a hard time telling who they are . also , if i'm used to seeing someone wear a ... try me , too , whenever you get a chance . i eat candy in order of how much i like the flavor . the best kinds ( usually the red ones or the green ones if they're sour apple ) get saved for last . actually , i do pretty much the same thing with ... i think my mirror image would both weird me out and annoy me in some ways , and i might have a hard time communicating with me because i tend to guard my opinions to some extent ... it might take me a ... i have an istj younger sister who draws , paints , writes , etc . she tends toward drawings of really delicate-looking people and random architectural sketches in her artwork , and writes a lot about ... utterly random math picture : a five-ellipse venn diagram . it makes me happy . actually , i thought of two more i have had : scott scott and scottish . it's already affected how i tutor , at least to some extent . it has me thinking subversively . in calculus , so far as i know , it does . arithmetic operations are basically unchanged in calc , at least so far as i've taken it . when you get off the calculus track , though , the rules can start ... agreed . i'm definitely at least borderline nf ( though i have my nt tendencies as well ) and i definitely like math as well . i don't know if they need a whole seperate forum for math and science . it ... creetch is the only real-life nickname i can think of . sometimes it's written / spoken with the definite article . jesus < gr . iesous < aram . / late hebrew yeshua < early heb . yehoshua ... * is also missing the point , to be sure . * my real name = scott . waiting to go lead a precalculus class in a group project . straight nf ( borderline nt ) male . i don't think most people think i'm gay . maybe they do . they don't say so if they do , though . i don't think i'm really especially effeminate either . * shrug * that article makes me glad that my mom showed me all this subversive math stuff so that i didn't think math was exclusively what they taught in school . now , to incorporate the ideas into my si ... sense of humor 64 % sense of fashion 46 % relationship intentions 86 % intellectual pursuits 82 % physical appearance 100 % financial situation 68 % hobbies and interests 72 % coolness . a dual number , then ? i've been wondering that , too . polish is fun , but trying to speak it always makes me feel like my mouth is full of yogurt ( kind of a squishy batch of consonants it has ) . three genders , six cases ... fairly complicated verb system ... i've noticed that many of the girls who seem most attracted to me and hit on me and such are girls that i find moderately to extremely stupid and annoying ... so it's possible the too nice thing has ... i get really bored really fast with the whole cliched romantic hallmark gestures thing ... i can't get into something if it's exactly what everyone else does . everything has to be customized to the ... you are the schwarz type : you are highly distractable , overly opinionated , relentlessly curious about a wide variety of subjects , prone to procrastination ; you set high ideals for yourself and ... church-phobic christian , i would say ... though my whole story is pretty long and includes near-approaches to hinduism , mithraism ( as well as i could reconstruct it ) , and zoroastrianism , as well as a ... i think it might be one of mine , too ... totally open people are wicked sexy . that is , if they aren't completely obnoxious , as is sometimes the case . :( but at least then you know they're obnoxious ... it would not shock me . :( not sure how coherent this is going to be , because as usual i am operating on minimal sleep , but , here goes ... i have recently been giving a lot of thought to this split i've noticed between my ... sitting in a library , for some reason awake even though i have to go to work in 8 1/2 hours or so . hating the government of the state of washington . wishing things didn't keep breaking in my ... i view the world as a giant puzzle , one that i need to solve as much of before i die . i also occupy the weird netherworld between infp and intp . no , base twelve . you did the math wrong . 47 + 33 + 31 + 11 = 100 . mongolian ping-pong . i had mixed feelings about the movie itself ( the acting was kind of uneven , but there were one or two scenes that were pretty awesome , and the concept was intriguing ) , but the ... i put down a friend made me do it , although that implies a level of reluctance that did not exist . it was more like night saying , scott , you should join this forum , and i was all , ok . and so ... '