' tell me what you see ... epic song cut off communication and walk away again and again , it will take some time to sink in i guess . although i'm not aware in what environment this is all happening , do not hesitate to step it up when ... hello , let me be the first to welcome you , always nice to do . i'm sure you will find your guiding light somewhere in the depths of this forum . it surely is an adventure to discover yourself ... i can't relate to this quest to feel or be unique . it's the way we blend in and still make a difference that is appreciated . operating below the surface , using our unique combination of ... sorry to hear that you have to be in this situation . but i must repeat the same advice , be assertive and tell him to stop annoying you . a clear message , even if it will sound like an order ... do not worry about the number of connections on fb , everybody starts with a clean sheet . nobody will ever give you a comment about it anyway . fb is not about friends , deep connections nor ... in my words it would sound like feeling mistreated by someone is just the start struggling inside is our part holding back anger will haunt you some day you better deal with it right away ... time may heal all troubles , is that what i've found ? joy entices all , until death's lonely shroud but i know it's forever ... praying for a change infj x96 paris , france paris offers an unprecedented combination of class , culture , history and style . the city has been a metropolitan melting pot of artists and intellectuals since its first days ... just hold on for a few more days , seems like your planning was perfect . it's good to remember that a project is just a project . that's what i tell myself ... look at mistakes as guidelines to ... warning , more stuff from the other side of the moon :-) check out the following full albums ... intro mors principium est - dawn of the 5th era don't try to judge him , his theological ideas his hopes may be false but his happiness is real don't try to judge him , he's just a man changing your routine can break that self absorbing think process . ignore the wrong or bad idea's , they are not real , consider them faulty . remember that it's not always what you think but how ... nomadleviathan hiraeth i just discovered a masterpiece , hitting replay right now . agalloch - ashes against the grain thanks for mentioning , keep posting this stuff please . indeed , winter ... maybe the best version sung by a man echooo gothic pink floyd you ask for forgiveness but your lips they are still lying you might be forgiven but the angels are still crying but you're ... mystikro some hidden gems from the darker side ... just sing along , best crowd ever i can't tolerate your sadness  music can sometimes be just more for some of us , small example ...  that there was one part of me that tried to save you from yourself the other let you go and i will never deny i was walking on the line of here and nevermore in selfish pride ... it takes two to find a way out there is no doubt i will be around if you have lost the right track then i'll lead you right back left brainright brain 58 % 42 % your left brain percentages 48 % sequential ( your most dominant characteristic ) 34 % logical 34 % verbal 32 % linear 20 % reality-based robert 2928 thanks for your feedback and advice . i found the provided article very helpful . the summary said it all : in the grip of inferior introverted thinking , extraverted feeling types ... i'm in need of some advice about my personal situation . mbti was first introduced to me a few years ago and after some online tests and a certified mbti consultant i turned out to be an infj . ... the nice pacman story in french , indeed it exists :-) i wonder who came up with this special thing . you can look at this in different ways : did a person call himself special or is this ' tag ' given to him . if in fact it has been given to him , ... this website has indeed some more interesting articles , i have to protect myself from reading everything at once . i sometimes wonder if there is a place where all these articles , links and ... i'm a native dutch speaker , to be correct the flemish version for those who can hear the difference . french is supposed to be my second language but english gained more importance over the years ... it's been a while for me posting on perc but i wanted to share this url with you all . 10 things to consider as a newly aware infj ... | cacofony to be honest one of the only posts / pages i found ... how are you doing with the exercises ? i related a lot to the hsp description but all the advice given in the book in order not to say exercises puts us in the open , getting ever more aroused . i ... my score was 22 , but again some of the questions are very similar and my score could have been higher . i'm reading the highly sensitive person in love by elaine n . aron , ph . d . ; ( same website as ... mmm , yes i saw it too :( , same reasons here , no free time in july other then the dates i indicated . i completed the doodle , but july is a little bit difficult with the main holiday period coming up . lots of luck with moving your stuff around the country , i hope you already started packing by now ... just enjoy this small miracle :) don't be afraid of the cover , beauty never shows itself immediately ... no sound butufeff editors ! ok , no problemo :) are local dialects allowed ? :) i'm ok with both days , on saturday it would indeed be a good idea to start early let's say between 11am and 1 pm . but i'm not here to make the decisions , i'm 125 ... hello , i completed the doodle for maastricht yo , if the decision is made to plan the meeting this friday i can also make it but due to work and traffic jams i will be a bit late , so i'll ... flemish it is :) ; so we understand already half of what we say or mean . speaking german is very difficult for me as i most of the time change some words so they sound german , well i guess you ... posted , i'm in belgium , grimbergen , it seems that i need to cross some borders to meet other infj's from the map . maybe a good idea to train my german :)  the last 2 minutes of this video are breathtaking ; i warned ... '