' i like how the time just flows by and and after a couple of hours everything clean and neat . i was just wondering if i'm the only infj who isn't competitive . i really dislike competition , and i only compete with an xnfp and an annoying esfj , and i only compete with them about grades . i ... waka waka is the name of the fifa song ... sorry for changing subject .. i don't know if hitler could be and infj , but i think he could be . i think hitler would be infj or intj .. the joker ... yes .. very weird , but i enjoy it so i don't really see any point in stopping , nobody get's hurt or mad . mostly : laughing : ahh ! fifa song ! yaaa ... it's so good , a shame shakira is in it .. i don't really like her . god i love football , the european :) oh and i speak well in front of a crowd i f i know what i'm talking ... i hide things ... i hide my own things , hide other's things . i like borrowing other's things too , use them all day and give them back . mostly i borrow without asking . and i like seeing how some ... i would say first friend is infj or maybe infp and second friend is esfp ... but i'm not really sure . i can relate a lot to the first friend and she also reminds me of my infp friend ... :) well i don't write songs , but i like these lyrics : i could call out many names but it's myself i need to blame if you don't know you're right next to the right one . - right one by tim ... youtube - tim christensen - right next to the right one i really like this song ... : laughing : i'm not stupid , at least i do't think so ... i'm a bit blonde sometimes , but that's all : happy : average iq .. well the last time i took the test i got 131 ... but i don't think iq is a good way to ... ... ahaha , i though we ... i used to be a vegetarian , but my parents forced me to eat meat , since i got pretty sick because i didn't get enough protein . my parents wouldn't bye protein-high food for me , and i didn't have the ... i got estp .. completely opposite xd people usually think i'm esxp , maybe that's why ? i don't have a infj family member , but my best friends brother is , and i spend a lot of my childhood at their place , and he's as close to family as it gets : tongue : i'm the girl who promises you to take care of you all night , when she sees how drunk you are and keeps her promise , not matter what . i'm the girl who makes sure you get home safely . i'm the girl ... oh i know how you feel ! i would like to get to know you : happy : if you will let me of course :) i really enjoy being together with infps . i have a close friend who's infp . she understands me more than others and she's very nice to be around . esfjs .. they confuse me . some , like my best friend ... well , there must be some sort of message . i just have no clue what ... i also have this dream where i meet a lot of starving kids and animals in a desert , and the kids keeps telling me to give my ... i do this .. also with imaginary people , linus :) i try stop before it get's out of control , because most of the time my fantasy world is more perfect that the real world sand i tend to just live ... i always dream the same dreams over and over . there are three dreams . in the first dream i'm in a jungle with two people from disney channel ( ó . ô ' ) and we're trying to get into a maya temple ... i really enjoy painting weird places . i paint on the inside of boxes , closets and under tables , chairs and beds . i like to draw stupid things on the bottom of things and inside lids . i don't really ... i would like to : - see the world - move away from denmark - move back to denmark ( lol ) - find something i love to do - learn how to photograph - write something , not necessarily get it ... oh , i don't know what to say , but i feel like i should write something since i voted yes ... i have dreams where things happen , not exactly like it will happen in real life , but pretty much like it ... so , i have a lot of trouble figuring my family out . my dad wont take a test , . my mom doesn't believe in a test could tell anything about you and my brother isn't good enough at english to take a real ... 15 , but i'm 16 this september :) one day i told myself i need to learn how to move my ears , so i sat with a mirror for a long time , and then suddenly i just moved my ears , and then a few days later i taught myself how to shake my ... well i'm quite trouble compared to most others here ... i'm 15 and i have a lot of trouble because i made up this mask to get friends when i was younger , and now my friends won't believe me when i ... wow thank you all so much ! i feel so much better , now i know that i'm not crazy or anything like that , not trusting anyone completely . many of you had so many great advises for me , i'll do my best to ... well , it has been bothering me for a while now , these feelings and thoughts ( i'm btw really sorry if i'v misspelled something , it's really late . i'm also sorry if my english is weird and / or ... i'm 172 cm tall wow thanks .. : laughing : i'll try to follow your tips : happy : i just tend to be quiet , helpful and caring .. i've done something similar to her when she was sick , i bought her flowers , made her ... i'm not a good writer , when it comes to this stuff , at least compared to everyone else here .. almost al of these things fit me so perfect . i have trouble finding the words for how i feel , but most ... i think my best friends is a estj , and i was just wondering how i could make her happy ... because it seems like she doesn't understand me , but that's because i'm hard to understand . so i was ... umm .. yeah , i'll try this ... i hope i'll do okay : laughing : i'm the girl who carries her notebook everywhere , just to write down stuff i see or think i'm the girl who sits in the corner and ... i like to be at the library , but since i work there , i guess it doesn't count . i like to sit in the park on a bench in the sun and read a book , or just watch people and listen to music , or be at ... i think writing is important . i enjoy writing , because it's my way of telling the story too long to just tell someone . it's a way of giving a point without telling it . i usually don't write , i just ... i super clumsy .. and my handwritings looks like a five year old could do better .. i always drop food down my cleavage ... and i have stains on my pants ... :d ry :: dry : but's that's me ... i'm the oldest of two ... and my brother is very different from me i love being tired , but i enjoy being outside in the rain and just feeling the wet stuff fall from the sky ... og i enjoy having mud on my face and hands ... and then go to sleep .. '