' throughout teenage years , in my experience introverts have lower social status than the rest of the population . sometimes they are perceived as no-lifers , people unable to make friends , losers , etc ... i'm not sure i understand the feeling of pride . i would call the pleasant feeling associated with achievement happiness or satisfaction . without achievement , there is no hapiness or satisfaction and ... why i try to improve ? i am curious and the way to satisfy this desire is by learning . there are things i cannot do , but i would like to do . i perceive not improving as waste of potential . ... i just realized that every once in a while i'm subconsciously intentionally thinking about something that brings me negative emotions . my hypothesis is that feeling negative emotions sometimes is ... often i tend to do things in a hurry so i don't always have time to organize . i have 2 computers so i have to deal with synchronization , but at the same time i don't want to have 2 copies of ... i guess any function can make me feel alive . * transmitting my understanding of something to others * getting a better knowledge or understanding of something and having insights * music , ... i would read one , but i don't have the discipline :) on a more serious note , i agree with acataleptic that having a routine is the best way to deal with such problems . unfortunately routine ... i see ... secret meetings in coffee shops ... amsterdam style :) you can temporarily achieve it , but eventually reality will hit back . distracting yourself is a good way to achieve what you seek - don't let yourself have time to think . spend a lot of time with ... i was inspired by the thread do intjs exist ? enfp asking for a scientific experiment .. i am not sure if i've met an enfp in real life . where is it more likely to find you guys ? to this day i cannot identify a single enfp in real life . it's possible that i know some but i haven't been able to type them . i also want to see what it is about . i believe intjs hang out a lot ... the way i understand the meaning of discrimination , it is never justified . making a decision about a person that is not based on the actual qualities of the person is always wrong . i haven't ... i can't contribute a lot , because i haven't done either . i am not sure how much of the talk is myths and how much is reality . i've always thought that hypnosis is about not having control . i find the ... i mostly agree with this classification . sometimes one fails repeatedly and if there is no progress it could be hard to continue trying . a logical decision could be to stop wasting time with ... in the past several years i have the impression people are on their phones almost all the time . what i don't understand is those who are on their phones all the time while outside with other ... i'm not sure what to select since you didn't specify anything in particular . here are some : nolwenn leroi - tri martolod стефка съботинова - притури се планината loiutma - ievan polkka this is an interesting idea . i'm not sure the grouping of men in categories alpha and beta is accurate , but let's assume it is for the sake of this discussion . desire and competence are two ... i like to share them , because obviously this is something i enjoy thinking about . i used to do that all the time . now i avoid sharing them , because they are boring to most people . in the right ... i don't think any problem with the number of posts is fixed for anybody . i surely am still missing over 100 in the counter . just today , after i asked this question , i had a conversation with a person in which we got to the question of languages . i said something in a language the other person has no clue about ( doesn't ... offtopic grey wolf bipedal p 314 i cannot compare the speed of action to that of previous seasons , because i watched the 7 episodes in a row . there certainly were cases when weeks passed ... it didn't really end up shorter , did it :) i don't read a lot of fiction , but here are some i've enjoyed ( most are sci-fi ): the hound of the baskervilles star craft ( liberty's crusade , shadow of ... the human brain is very good at finding patterns even where there are none . when we see a coincidence , it's usually nothing more than that . anyway , it's fun to look at patterns and imagine that ... i think this is a statement of fact . the fundamental issue in my opinion is the economic system favoring such kind of behavior . i don't have the solution to this problem , but open source software ... i agree and would generalize that sexual fetishes are usually acquired . i don't particularly enjoy bdsm . i'm not sure what is meant by currently on the air . i have been trying not to watch too much tv shows . here are some which are currently running and i am either watching or considering watching ... i can naturally start a conversation only if i really have something to say . in this case i do it spontaneously , unless there is a large audience and i feel pressured . i rarely have a desire to talk ... i don't remove myself unless explicitly asked to . if i'm collecting statistical data , i'll include myself ( unless it's statistically required not to do so ) . if i'm doing something scientific , there ... 1 . i listen to many styles , but the various rock styles are what i like the most . 2 . i used to not pay much attention to music when i'm doing something else , but nowaday it often distracts me . if i ... from my personal experience , here are things i have noticed : i get obsessed with problems i have and have trouble just forgetting for a while and enjoying something . i've been told on multiple ... is there some study about that motivation , because i find this hypothesis hard to believe ? i think she is aware of it . she realizes other people are not usually like that . both , but i think it's more watching than listening . what's the name ? i'm basing my question more or less on this video that states ne is top-down while ni is bottom-up : my point was that ne is top down and gives you the conclusion before you have the arguments . isn't this ne ? probably intp first thing i noticed is you're not very organized and didn't prepare a lot for the video . this indicates a p type . definitely n - your mind is not in the physical world . you're ... so you're saying we can assign a real number to each action / thought and then just sum them up . if we get a positive number , the person is good . if we get a negative number , the person is bad . how ... there are no good and bad people . we are all different shades of gray . nobody is perfect - we all have made mistakes . each person has their own moral code . moral code may justify accepting ... i have trouble regulating amounts - i cannot do something just a little . for example , when i played video games i couldn't limit the amount of time i spent doing it . this has led me to attempt to ... this is hard to answer because human stupidity can create uncontrollable artificial intelligence . for the purpose of this poll , i'll ignore this possibility and think about the two alternatives ... ... you repeatedly test as an intuitive . i agree with all the pros of ebook readers . i'd also add that it eliminates wasting paper and saves space - you can have thousands of books taking less space than 1 physical book . i don't have a ... i actually enjoy picking groceries . cooking is a different thing though . if i do it for another person that i think deserves it , i could make effort to learn to enjoy it . on the other hand , i don't ... intj i don't relate with this at all . the avatar definitely gives some information about the poster . one thing is whether they are more serious or playful . i know my mind is affected by others ' avatars on subconscious level . the human ... same here i hate when i need space to put something and i don't have it so i try to throw away as much stuff as i can . having more stuff also makes it more difficult to move . i don't like physical ... i don't have a problem with anybody who smokes marijuana . i also believe everybody has the right to breathe . because of this , i oppose people smoking anything in public places . it seems very few ... i don't think actual posts are missing . the post count is what is off . with this post , the panel on the left displays i have 444 posts . the list of posts still shows my 500 most recent posts . i have ... as of today , the web server returns 404 when my avatar image is requested as well . '