' there is so much te in your post that it scares me , a dominant fi user . so yeah . i agree with entj . :P apparently britta is an enfj . i still can see her as an infp though . and she's definitely the worst . but in a good way . say , the same way that primus sucks . hear hear . if mbti were a systemic part of everyday life , people would just use it as further ammunition against each other . lots of children would come to resent their type and see it as just ... just curious how people respond to this . would annie edison from community count as an isfj ? ' cos she's pretty awesome , yo . i'm definitely getting some qpdr vibes . i'm sure about the pq , not about anything else . what did you have for breakfast this morning ? interesting , interesting . in my early infp days , i would have definitely felt miffed at you calling me an istj . thing is , the functions are the same , but in a different order , so it does make some ... summoning , , ethereaethos can i do that ? :) so , out of curiosity , and inspired by seeing people using their typing wizardry on vids of fictional characters and celebrities , i made a video . ... okay . that's actually a really cool analysis . i'm a pretty big fan of the guy , but i found it hard to type him , because apparently i'm still struggling with understanding the functions and he looked ... well , arkigos , you seem to be a lot sure about it than i am , and you do make a strong argument . i'm not 100 % convinced , but then again , i find the difference between fe vs . fi very difficult , because ... if anything , britta is a victim of dan harmon poking fun at himself . he's gone on record saying that the three characters he identifies most with are jeff ( huge ego , way with words ) , abed ( using pop ... well , yeah . i also indulge in escapism under great stress . then again , i like to indulge in escapism even when i'm feeling good , so it doesn't make a big difference either way . to be honest , typing ... well , first off , i'm not ruling it out , because i think it's good to have my assumptions challenged . i understand your argument for inferior se and tertiary ti . that seems to fit . but it's the ... ok . thanks for answering that . i'm not entirely convinced , but i like entertaining the possibility . here's the part where my ego tries to reject the new identity : need for understanding basic ... k , interesting . what about my posts strikes you as ti ? mender : thanks . i'm glad that you relate . and infxs do indeed pwn . i hope you sort through your first world problems , whatever they may be . my hypothesis is that , if ti results in fussing about ... thanks for replying so swiftly . :) i actually replied to that already , in a way , didn't i ? i said my mind freezes , i get confused , bla bla . here's what happens when i get stressed : i get ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? to keep things short x96 i was trying to type dan harmon , my favorite writer . i only came to the conclusion that that man is almost ... i've tried to pin down a type on this guy , but i'm not getting anywhere . so , as ( yet ) a ( nother ) wannabe writer , dan harmon is basically my idol . not only because he ( co - ) created two of my favorite ... britta perry from community . a cynical idealist , feminist , needlessly defiant . wants to change the world , but doesn't want to compromise her comfortable life : a lovable hypocrit . screws up pretty ... summarize . make summaries of summaries of summaries . of summaries . you get the point . this allows you to get a firm grip on the fundamentals , get the general picture while you still have processed ... ne user and i like ( in approximate order from first show i can think of to last one i think of before i get bored ): - community - parks & recreation - the it crowd - blackadder - monty python's ... love song - don't know if it my favorite , but it's the first one i thought of : i hate you song - definite number 1 ... ... you sometimes feel the need to apologize for your existence i'd love to make people laugh , but unfortunately , due to my lack of charisma , my attempts at humour end up making me look like a ginormous dork most of the time . also i must say that as a kid and a ... i like quotes , but only if i agree with the message ( especially when it puts something into words that i had thought of before , but could not explain ) and if they're used appropiately i guess ... not enough time q1 . concentration camp - - help kill your own child , or watch your child + an innocent man die as well . i don't think i could have a hand in the murder of someone i loved , even if it means someone ... a non-infp mother in the 19th century now dear , you must stop fooling yourself , with all this nonsense about you loving some foolish boy . he's precisely the sort of riff-raff that respectable ... does anyone watch this ? i'm not sure at all of the three main characters ' types , but if i were to guess it would be : jonathan - infp ( or infj ? ) ray - isfp george - enfp ? or maybe an entj with ... meh , overrated thread hey , just posting here because i don't want your thread to die . : o lately i've been becoming slightly depressed by the fact that i'm so socially inhibited . i think the neat little mechanism that ... i was browsing this forum when suddenly i felt the urge to have a conversation with myself . so i thought , why not post a topic where i have a conversation with myself . but then i thought , the other ... deffo luna ( in some weird way , i want to be like her - in the sense of not caring what other people think , and her serenity ) . i also rooted for ron throughout the series - guess i like him because of ... hmm , infp 9w1 - 4w5 ... i'll rank ' em 1 . sloth ( i'm humming queen's lazing on a sunday afternoon while i'm typing this xd ) , 2 . lust ( c'mon , i'm a guy in my twenties : blushed :) ... 3 , 4 , 5 ... well aren't you a silly little bugger ? only in my mind though . well i can't say i've ever seen that movie xd it's nice that you're working to put your dreams into practice , i imagine it'd be way cool to be able to visualize some of your inner ' fantasy scapes ' , ... well i can see how you can come off more sy to people than you really are , especially if the introversion is strong with you xd happens to me too . the other day i read a thread dealing with ... inhibitions suck . it'd be really great if i could somehow bypass the whole overthinking / analyzing process and just put myself out there , be myself . then again , what if being myself includes ... as a general rule , no . however , there were 2 times i couldn't help it . the first time was when watching the ending of the truman show ( must've been 10/11 years old back then ) . for some reason ... i normally use a broader definition of pop ( not necessarily the stuff that's most popular right now , but rather music that has a certain aesthetic , generally with a catchy melody - which doesn't ... i used to have the opposite . a nagging , bossy little voice ( not a real voice = o fortunately ) in my head ( maybe my inferior te ? ) which said things like : grow the f * * * up or ah jeez man , what is ... am not on facebook . - 27 likes well , i don't know how far you've researched the cognitive functions , so i don't know if this is going to make a difference , but personally i found the following link very handy : enfp wiki try ... i submitted a text which had the word wizard in it , and it said jk rowling . afterward , a text with the words jungle , pack , lion got me rudyard kipling . i may have just , like , totally cracked ... to this very day , i'm still miffed that my parents didn't have the decency to name me something cool like belgazor ! ! ! ruler of all belgians ! ! ! and their dogs as well . otherwise , something ... my least faves were geography and p . e . oh , and i hated economics . on the other hand , biology , latin and ancient greek = teh awesomest , closely followed by other language classes and chemistry ... well yeah , today i've had to cope with the fact that i have a way too busy schedule this academical year . xd ah well , another unwelcome opportunity to learn the fine craft of time management . duran duran is somewhat of a guilty pleasure of mine ( not to say that one should feel guilty about liking them , but ... well yeah ) . they used to be one of my top three fave bands actually . now , ... '