    youtube - black sabbath war pigs youtube - boston - don't look back youtube - metallica - hit the lights  youtube - weezer-say it ain't so lyrics 1 . i took karate for nearly 3 years . in that time , i won a state championship and won 2 gold medals at the usa junior olympics when they were in myrtle beach . 2 . i have never suffered a bone ... yep . it has left some really bad marks on me . i've been plagued by esteem issues ever since it started happening . everything tells me i should leave it in the past , but i'm not sure how to ... youtube - foreplay / long time - boston  i don't usually attempt to pursue because , well , i'm pretty terrible at it ( at least that's what i think ) . and if i were to be pursued , i'd have no idea that's what was happening ( unless she made ... complex odd intelligent quiet friendly pulp fiction reservoir dogs monty python and the holy grail the crow the untouchables fight club to name a few .   youtube - iron maiden - powerslave youtube - don't stop believing - journey w / lyrics thanks , haha . side note : i shudder to think of how many stupid grammar errors are in that wall of text i churned out up there . first thing , i'm doing this just as much for my own good ( seriously , typing stuff out is good for me for whatever reason ) as i am for anyone interested . this is going to be really long , because ... i said 6 really the only problem i have right now is i'm driving myself crazy trying to figure out the antics of one of my friends ( long story short , i can't figure out what the hell is going on ... so here's the situation i'm trying to figure out here : my direct supervisor at work is also one of my closest female friends ever . as a friend , she's awesome . as a boss , she makes me want to ...   youtube - metallica - one ( studio version ) youtube - black sabbath - iron man youtube - testament - over the wall youtube - queen - - bohemian rhapsody with lyrics for me , i'm not sure if jealousy is the right word or not . well , its there , but it is usually overtaken by other emotions because it often triggers lots of other crap . like , i dunno , i see ... youtube - megadeth-wake up dead   