oops this is an isfj thread . oh welll estj because they are the opposite of my personality . i don't have much in common with them .. or i haven't met one yet that i was attracted to . i met one estj guy and everything i said to him got ... lol this is perfect ! ugh that would be the ultimate disaster situation bc neither one of us would get up and have the motivation to get out of the house and do anything couple-y . i need to somehow find a way to pay for college . the college i want to go to is a public college so it's not outlandishly expensive but i still have to pay for it ... and i don't know how ... i need ... those record and movie companies make enough money off of us anyway so i don't care . thirded . ugh another atheist ruining it for the rest of us . oh my goodness yes ! ! it annoys the heck out of me when celebrities do that . giving anchor babies scholarships and giving their parents welfare is the u . s . ' s way of rewarding criminal behavior . the u . s . is destroying the middle class by making them pay for illegal people's ... i would think being an intj woman would be the toughest because the characteristics of that personality seem very male . imo , the typical ' woman ' personality would be esfj or esfp and intj is the ... i was mostly surprised that entjs aren't robots . the first time i read the description i was like well this sounds boring but then i met entjs in real life and they're actually really interesting . i ... yeah , i'm good at reading people and i predicted a bunch of people's types before they even took the test . they were freaked out by that but it shows that i know what i'm doing . also , it's hard to ... i posted this in another thread but here it is again . i will explain this time . boys : chace , chance : i want to use these names for brothers ( or twins ! ) because they are so similar . instead of ... ooh i love the name isadora ! it sounds like a princess name . i know a girl named irina and i think that name is beautiful . of course i want kids ! ! my number one goal in life is to have them . i'd rather get married and have kids / take care of them than have a career so of course i have given it thought . boys : chace , ... ariel the little mermaid is my favorite ! ! ! ever since that movie i've wanted beautiful red hair like hers . i also love pocahontas and aladdin . well i'm going to study english and education in college so that i can become an english teacher . i thought i wanted to do hs but idk now . maybe if i teach younger kids i'll get sexually harassed ... worrying about deadlines for work that is due , my friend and familial relationships , whether the things i said during the day came across ok , what i'm going to wear tomorrow , thinking about the ... you look pretty in your profile pic so don't worry that you're ugly . besides , kids are just mean and will say anything to make another person upset no matter what your personality is like or what you ... i'm really happy with my appearance . i am a naturally attractive person so i don't have to work out to maintain my figure . i just eat healthy and don't snack and i'm good . i'm just a lucky person i ... because you are so different from us and we like to figure you out like a puzzle and unwrap you like a christmas present . also , your type is so rare that when we meet one of you people it's like ... i should be studying but i'm not because i'm burned out . i'm on my laptop instead writing this and listening to music and i have no regrets . this is random but some people have really beautiful noses . they're straight and slightly curved upwards and frame their face perfectly . a guy's face can look sooo good with a nice , straight nose ... lol ! ! hmmm i see that entj is above me . ;) ok i'll start . just because i'm working slowly and inefficiently doesn't mean that i want your input on how to speed up my process . i am just fine doing what i'm ... i'm not infj but i'll reply anyway . i don't think shyness is a bad thing until it stops you from living your life . when shyness stops you from doing the things you want to do or talk to the people ... anything in hospitality where they'd have to act like a happy social person all day . oh yeah ! and that the rules aren't always made in our best interest . it's good to question authority and the orders that are given to us . he has also made me sassy & and amazing at retort . my ... my dad is intj & we have our heated moments .. but he taught me to speak my mind & stand up for what's right even if it's scary to do so or if it will make some one mad . and that it's ok to need ... this is a letter to a guy at my school that i don't romantically like , but can see that he is going places : dear guy , let me start off by saying that you surround yourself with really dumb people ... i had a strawberry smoothie . aren't they the smart people that actually make sense and have facts to back up their magnificent theories ? they also seem to be verrry interested in how things work and like to share their ... yeah , i think that extroverts are stereotyped as being annoyingly stupid people but that isn't the case a lot of the time . most of my friends are extroverts and they are caring , intelligent people ... welll ... i'm understood by my friends because they know what being introverted means and know that there are different personalities in the world . however , there have been some people like teachers ... i have two crazy emotional breakdowns a week and don't know how to stop them from coming . even when i'm crying hysterically , throwing things around i know that i'm being irrational and that ... i like esfjs ! ! they're adorable and i really admire their talkative-ness . it's like they can talk to anyone and that amazes me . in general when i like some one i will observe them more than usual . i ... i believe in soulmates . i think a soulmate can even be a friend that you really connect with . it doesn't necessarily have to be a lover . there are certain people ( regardless of their mbti type ) that ... mine is quality time but definitely not physical touch . i haaate being touched . it's kinda like a weird phobia . ooh this could be dangerous but as long as you like each other things will end up ok . those intjs can be pesky . welcome ! i hope you have fun here on the forums !