' swimming , cycling / mountain biking , photography , psychology , playing my piano and guitars , annoying my better half , getting lost in a good book , traveling / road trips , getting lost intentionally while ... very good at ghosting a forum lol . hi vivid :) . and as far as driving , my road course / rally record speaks for itself lol . i've noticed that infj's tend to be very perceptive to the problems of ... crash / rescue fire fighter i want you to imagine that you are walking through a forest ... what time is it ? noon ish . what's in the sky ? a few clouds , some birds , aaand a jet somewhere . lol well the antique katana will be going in the wall in my new place along with my iato blades and other fun things lol . the videogame posters are no more but i have wall art i'll be putting up ... 91179 awww * hug * this one . a bakamatsu era katana , various video game posters , the ak state flag , car / anime calenders ( yes i have two , one for work stuff and one for .. well .. because inuyahsa calender ) , a russian rifle , and my ... i've been to and documented a lot spooky places where i am but nothing happened that i'd for certain say was paranormal .. hmm .. i did go to walmart at 3am once ... never again . for me a shopping experience depends on the moment . i am not fond of huge crowds so malls are something i tend to zoom in , grab what i need , and then leave . but i like to people watch so thaat may ... this is ... interesting i have a bloody list lol . too much time on my hands :P . it ranges from almost getting shot to skydives to less than legal racing lol . thread revival much ? a vacation do i talk to myself ... * do i ? * * a little * * how often ? * * more than you realize * * ok then * .. we , i mean , i guess the answer is yes xd . that sounds so cool xd . i'm a crash / rescue firefighter in the us air force . i've been doing it for a little over four years now ( wow time flies ) and i enjoy it for the most part . it's been a fun and rewarding job but i've ... hey infj's in new mexico , anyone wanna meet up ? i'm in cruces every weekend and i'm heading up to albuquerque for a car meet pretty soon . new mexico , usa that's awesome xd . i was loyal up to the day she left me standing in tears on the side of an airport sidewalk and i would be loyal to her still .. my ring still sits with hers in the box on my desk . well ... your avi is the black reaper lol :P . just messing with ya . i'm usually told i look too serious or intimidating . i smile a lot so i have no idea how i look like the above mentioned lol o___o ... roflol : laughing : well i'm not speaking for all infj males here , just myself .. but , while i enjoy good company , i don't need a crowd to have fun . i can stare out of a window and have just as much fun with my own ... chocolate ... chip ... cookies ... 35897 not just you xd .. i got into rally racing a few years ago and haven't looked back :) .. in the process of building my next rally car . long process - _ - ' ' ... kids and i tend to get along great . but then again i never grew up past the age of twelve so ... yeah ... a little bit of everywhere but va last and new mexico now . gonna make it back to ak eventually . xd 3523735238 rofl . a recruiter i assume considering that the first description has been out of practice for some time . never heard it referred to as head hunting before . lol * curiosity has gotten the better of him * care to share your new revelations ? funny you should mention the above items . my friends are always telling me to stop carrying the worlds issues on my shoulders but i can't help it sometimes .. o . o ' ' as much as i dislike people at ... excuse me but ... 33620 i really feel bad for the guy . i've broken down twice before in the past and it's overwhelming . both times came with an enormous feeling of hopelessness for some reason . i'm usually a fairly upbeat ... i do a lot of rally and touge racing on the weekends . not sure why but for some reason it gives me a weird calm . and finally someone speaks the ugly truth . it's about time . a little sardonic , but effective . there is another side to the holier than thou that infj's are sometimes made out to be . especially the ... so i fell out of my chair laughing while watching this . lol way to keep in touch with your inner ninja avalanche . rofl heeyyyooo ! ! ! * waves like an idiot with both hands * welcome to the forum xd ! ! lol . this thread has gotten better than tv .. time to grab some popcorn and see what happens . i can has one ... right ? not yet . i've always been interested in them but never took the time out to play them . 28021 ... infj here . blue / grey so judging from the ongoing conversation between you guys , it is well past time for me to get a copy of skyrim .. now i must trod of to the game store . baiting an infj .. hmm . this is starting to sound like snipe hunting . i have had a sneaky suspicion for the past few years that my dad is an infj as well . now i'm curious . i've been around vehicles most of my life . i learned to drive a stick when i was 8 and i was 14 ( alaska resident at the time ) when i started driving on public roads . since then i've pushed myself to ... dude that costume is wicked . '