what you have described is pretty much the definition of an eating disorder ... this thread is really sad , i think alot of you are inn denial and i've had alot of friends suffer and struggle with ... haha , thats awesome you're friend is very beautiful . affection often , friendship . emotional instability / conflict , judgement . yeah , my insight into what makes other people tick lends me the ability to hurt people deeply when i choose to , and regrettably i sometimes do it on impulse is someone pisses me off or i get stressed ... treat your personality disorder first , then persue the relationship otherwise you'll just fuck everything up . fuck all ya'll i just want to stack paper and achieve , thats how i am feeling . a lot of limp wristed ' i wanna kill myself ' emo shit up in here . i prefer my anger and angst to be directed outwards , lol three of my favourite albums where i enjoyed every song on the album , ... i love this , thanks for posting , i'll read up some more and follow up with you . 2nd generation irish canadian . culturally , i am a whiteboy who grew up black in a chinese neighbourhood , ebonic speaking gwailo dailo style . i grew up thinking i had to be tough to be a real man , it kind of evolved as a reaction to my own sensitivity and feelings of inadequacy i thought that i had to be a tough guy or gangster to be ... once again , i think youve hit the nail on the head . the reality is life sucks sometimes , it really does . unfortunately being an infj or a sensetive person in general you feel the hurt and ... quick answer for you , i don't , i just know when its important to express myself and when its not . i know how you feel because i've had a similar experience and i work in the same industry . globally , the financial sector is in a secular decline and will likely be that way for the next two-five ... he asked for help and it sounds like he's fucked up so i shared my experience , whats your problem ? oh you're the unhealthy person , well id say people should walk away from you . in your case , i'd seek professional help , it will probably be impossible for you to manage change on your own because ... walk away , unhealthy people need professional help and usually they can't really help themselves because the thought processes an values of an unhealthy mind can't be fixed or counselled by the same ... they can be incredibly akward and annoying . most are quite insecure / lack self esteem when they have no reason to be . they are incredibly stubborn and unyielding in their views despite overwhelming ... sex and lots of it . i hate working for small companies , no room for advancement , no control , typically no scale so there is no real learning opportunities and working for entrepreneurs sucks because they usually aren't ... bro , get your fucking head straight , maybe you shouldn't be in a relationship until you figure your own shit out . my career , it feels like i am always five years behind where i should be . i feel like i will never have the opportunity to achieve what i know i am capable of . im just frustrated and depressed . anti social personality disorder - it would cloud any attempt to give a an accurate mbti i like that ... you need to ask this guy out ! ! if someone told me they felt that way about me i would be totally flattered / turned on and receptive . just because you believe in the validity of mbti doesn't mean you have to pigeon hole yourself into it . i didn't quite understand this , its not clear to me , but i think you are saying that you don't believe there is any reason for you to have bpd because you have never faced any trauma in your life ... when you are institutionalized that is a very very very strong indication that you have serious mental health issues . it's difficult to get people into psychiatric care so you must have been ... you probably don't have it , to have a personality disorder you have to be pretty dysfunctional and also there is a tendency for people with personality disorders to not have any insight around your ... psychoanalysis is ineffective for treatment of bpd . the most effective treatment is dialectical behavioural therapy , usually done on an inpatient basis with continuing aftercare of dbt and cbt along ... i have an infj mother and sister and i have dated a few in the past , which is actually kind of weird but anyway but that's a digression . my experience with infj's has been that sometimes they jump to ... i love jazz , but i really like more of the 1970 ' s soul influenced stuff that has been sampled in alot of hip hop and house music . if your interested in listening to some really jazz influenced hip ... the infj girl is cute , holla shortay ! ! lol as for the eye contact thing maybe it was the presence of the camera that contributed as well . i tend to make direct eye contact when im listening , in ... lift weights , interval train and do muay thai atleast 4 days a week . people who can't focus or pay attention i did with the only person i ever ' loved ' ( i think it was more obsession then anything ) she broke up with me like the next day but i don't think she ever found out . if i cheated again i would never ... yes you need to ask yourself who , why and how as well as what to see if these conspiracies are logical . why would a group invest energy in creating chemtrails ? who is this group ? what vested interest ... how can anyone bring an intelligent argument to the table ? also what purpose would it serve , when the party requesting an intelligent argument are the ones that refuse to acknowledge basic science ... heh , out of all the people i've dated / had sex with i only had one serious relationship and it ended many years ago . my personality type was enfj and hers was infj , which should've ment that we were ... reading that makes me want to off myself i've gone through that myself , what have you tried to do to get out of your depression ? pm me if you want . enfj - i love who i am yo son , why you shrugging all the time , you got innanet tourette's or something ? why would you be lonely , you look fly as a muf + cka shortaaayyy . anyway , hi , glad to meet you . i have had friends who are diagnosed with bipolar disorder , i can say without a doubt that it has had a tremendously negative effect on their lives both mentally , emotionally and materially ( in terms ... very much so , i have developed a way of coping that is almost buddhist in its philosophy . i have cultivated an understanding that life is unfair and full of disappointment and suffering . within that ... i've always loved infj's for their depth , values and personality , i have dated a few and i have never had the level of intense emotional and sexual intimacy with anyone since . the problem is everyone ... i m all about mutual pleasure , i love pleasing my lovers but hell no , its not difficult for me to lay back and get some head . i love that shiet . no offense , but i think you may have to develop some additional maturity / self confidence before you can have a successful relationship . start worrying about yourself more then this guy .