' anyone feel like an update 5 ( ish ) years later ? haven't spoken to her for about 5 years . stopped talking to her soon after my last post . it's funny looking back at it now . i have no idea what i ... i'm not gonna lie . sure , i have felt that way . i'm sure we all have at one stage or another . but we'd never do it . i'd never do it , and you'd never do it . do you know why ? because we're smarter than ... thank you everyone so much for your feedback . it really means a lot to me . i do intend to make a full length cut . as for the camera shake , it wasn't intended to symbolize anything . we only had a ... hey everyone , it's been a while since i last posted here . i joined when i was going through a really dark time in my life , and this place felt like a new home to me . i was depressed for over a ... i enjoy creative writing a lot . in fact , i've written a novel which is getting published early next year , four short stories , four short film scripts , and three feature film scripts . and i'm doing ... i don't go looking for it , but when it finds me , there's no holding back ! i voted but i'm only 18 ! i still got time ... right ? ! mmmm ... i have been her close friend for over a year now ... and when she talks about relationships and what not ... nvm . she just makes out it like i'm the type of guy she's looking for ... oh ... arghhh ! man ... i swear , i'm doing all this stuff ... i would know too , being an infj . it just still doesn't work . i don't know if it's me or her , or whatever . maybe she just doesn't get it yet ? i ... 14th of july please ! it would be divided between the introverted feelers and the extroverted feelers . little little kitten i'm always self conscious of what others think of me ... :/ 1 . what is more important to you ? the ends or the means ? the means . 2 . in your opinion , what is your biggest flaw ? i care more about others than myself . 3 . what do you secretly wish you were ... typo . lmao . sorry about that i edited ( t ) it ... lol . : 0 ... :( i have a 3gs , and even though i love having all the latest gadgets and technology ... i don't want to upgrade from my 3gs . lol it's like i've grown attached to it . i can never hurt people's feelings ... unless i've been extremely hurt and want revenge . and even after that i beat myself up over it . ... yep . yeah i cry very easily .. :/ that you shouldn't build on a perfect image of someone in your head , because in reality they're far from it . i do , a boy and a girl :) ummm ... i'd say this is me 100 % i haven't got one , but i might . it's unlikely that i'll end up getting one but not completely out of the option . i don't smoke , but i'm not one of those guys that hates smokers , and who knows i might pick it up one day ? i do drink sometimes but not when i'm alone . i can relate ... and it's harder to keep it inside all the time . i just want to shout at people , lol . i haven't tested it either , or it hasn't gone off ... yet . i'm told i'm more mature than people twice my age , and being at school with others is hard because they can't keep up with me . wow ... the part from 1:41 to 1:45 gets me every time . i'm currently in love with one of my best friends ... but i don't think she considers me to be a best friend .. :( people that don't appreciate all i do for them annoy me . this is so true . just thought i'd update everyone on the current status ... we spoke again recently about the whole thing . everything has been clarified . she does not have any feelings for me , nor does she think ... thanks everyone ! i am going to continue writing and it for some reason it doesn't work out , i'll try and get into law enforcement ! when someone praises me or criticizes me i , appreciate it at the time , but never listen to it afterwards , if you know what i mean . the only praise and criticism i take is my own . unless its actually ... i'm really glad i joined these forums . everyone here is so helpful and i thank each and every one of you . that's how i feel right now , and its getting harder and harder to hide it . ... hey everyone , i'm 18 years old , just about to finish school . for as long as i remember i wanted to be a police officer , but this changed when i turned 14 . it all began when i had to write a ... hahaha that's hilarious , lol . i've never had a flashback , but it would be cool to experience . i'm insecure about my teeth ( people say it's not a problem , but i think it is ) and where i'm headed in life . i find security in knowing i'm a fantastic writer , at least that's what i'm told ;) and ... favorite films of all time : ( not in order except for vanilla sky which is my number one film ) vanilla sky kick-ass scott pilgrim vs the world inception shutter island the punisher 1408 ... firefly is amazing . best thing that happened to tv . terrible it got cancelled . right now : the walking dead game of thrones . falling skies is terrible . i wouldn't say i'd prefer to be a female . though i'm sure i could live with it . but i'd be lesbian . this is a very touching post , op . there are 7 billion people in this world , each with their own unique look and story . it would be a fulling experience getting to know each and every one of them . i wish i will make it in the film industry . i hope to write and direct a feature film with critical success ! want to be well known and appreciated , and settle down with the love of my life and ... the girl i am in love with is infj i am very weird , but ... she must like at least one of my favorite films can not hate tom cruise has some degree of intelligence . not just book smarts ... common sense caring and has a ... the only job i absolutely despise is one where cleaning is involved . any other job i can live with . chicken schnitzel and pizza . not combined though ... or maybe ... ? '