' i want out of this place . i'm just not going to give serbia another 30 years ... need for speed most wanted . actually waiting for fallout 4 :D with 0 motivation and willpower you will never make it . if losing weight means anything to you i don't see the motivation problem . also make sports and physical labour a part of your daily routine ( 5 ... just like anyone else ... when i think the other person is actually worth it . it is not an age problem . 72525 z by costa gavras z ( 1969 ) - imdb i feel better turning it off , leaving it in my room and going out . freedom ? remember ? i don't think there is such thing as the smartest type . intelligence is individual . and the logical intelligence that is measured on iq tests is almost worthless in life . i have 142 and i can't ... i smoke a pack a day . thinking about quitting 15 years is enough ... 71848 stoned : laughing : of course i'm a trader after all ;) as soon as i get an original ... i'm working for peanuts here : crazy : well you have to understand him . writing a long email is boring to him . and the obligation to write one will just annoy him even more . i do the most complicated things right and then fuck up on simple calculation like 5x100 = 50 for math you need concentration and practice and most entp-s from what i've heard have the attention span ... this not a thing and here's why ne ba 2 more shots of jack and you'll be good as new : laughing : title the good soldier svejk author jaroslav hasek this is what i like about this book it's hilarious hilarious quotes from the novel the good soldier švejk * jesus christ was innocent ... starcraft and warcraft 3 . until i buy an original i'm a casual player : wink : fucking serbia ... 1 . black sabbath 2 . biohazard 3 . pro-pain 4 . soundgarden 5 . pink floyd 6 . leeway 7 . carry on 8 . megadeth 9 . suicidal tendencies 10 . butthole surfers when i first came here i didn't know that the original work i must show now when my mayakovsky is removed i am sure that we're all doomed people have united against me and this post will set me ... big lebowski ( jeff lebowski ) welcome to the forum lurking entp : happy : when i was depressed i tested as an intj ( entp )   twcafe.rs - tupperware ® cafe srbija » recepti » glavna jela » govedina na burgundski na ? in killing free time is a motivation in it's own right , also i agree with gingertonic sounds like an intj to me i don't know if this will help but in my case ( well actually there were two ) i could be really myself which meant saying what i want and feeling what i want ( short temper included ) . so i think you ... i shouldn't mention that to him he will probably connect late princess diana with the whole story : laughing : i think you are depressed and you're trying to push back certain memories , also i suggest that you change your routine and maybe some day will be worth remembering ... i think it all depends on your own perception . if you think that the marriage will tie you down and you will be missing out on something ... well you will be looking for a way out . also there is the ... some guy told me that the queen of england is the biggest coke dealer in the world : crazy : i prefer living in plato's cave . it would remind me of serbia : laughing : ( darkness + 1 ) i like intj-s ... well like the way they think . they can be very interesting in their own twisted way : crazy : it makes me even more open-minded ( prone to stupidity ) . beer calms me down and rakia ... well ... it makes me kinda insane ... yes it would be much more spontaneous 1 . avoid some people 2 . go for a walk 3 . try again to quit smoking 4 . play basketball : happy : man you really made me laugh : laughing : that was not the answer i was expecting ... i'm really not into feelings ... but if your 65 year old father is playing video games maybe the more important question is how do you feel about it ? fallout new vegas   i think you're spot on in this case ( there are plenty of other ways to spend your free time and entp would think of this ) '