' ultimately , my ideal day wouldn't be about doing specific things so much as being able to stretch time and drop in / out of a specific time span whenever i please . it would definitely be a saturday . i ... i'm all at once very interested in music while seeming simultaneously uninterested in everyone else's music . i can spend all day compiling lovely music into a playlist that will be completely ... i have problems dressing sometimes , but i recognize my issue is the polar opposite of most intps . i'm more of a dandy wanna-be who is starting to have trouble making mature , refined decisions when ... wait , i thought that we were supposed to be the cats ? i used to have a really fantastic memory that other people depended on , but was also pretty absent-minded . that's all gone now . i can't remember someone's name if it's told directly to me , but if i ... whenever other intps are having a rational , logical or academic discussion and all i want to do is interject with trite jokes written in troll-speak for my own personal amusement , i doubt my ... this life . i'm slowly retreating into a coma as i write this . it has taken a me lifetime of demeaning , dodging , and outright fleeing all things ordinary to finally arrive at becoming the basic bitch i am today . i don't know if i experience the world on mute so much as that i take a detached view of experiences , storing much of the fun and emotion away for later reflection . for instance , i went on a ... does not compute . when do intps ever talk about themselves in excess ( besides here on pc amongst fellow cylons ) ? q : when do intps stop cataloging / considering ideas , concepts , and all variables ? ... if the breakup was initiated by me : i'm fine , and had already well prepared myself for the change . at certain future intervals , i will wonder if i've made the right decision . if the breakup ... double post : rolleyes : this clumsy trait of which you speak is entirely foreign to me . i'm quite nimble , and if anything , i tend to point out how other people can avoid being clumsy . this may be due to the fact that i ... this does not happen to me . i know of certain things that can make me cry , but i don't ever get random urges to seek them out so that i can have a therapeutic bawling session . i don't cook , so everything i want from the grocery store is either a basic necessity ( toothpaste , toilet paper ) or a snack / luxury ( ice cream , olives , fancy cheese , fruity pebbles ) . the grocery store ... what if your pets could talk ? would you still let them watch you masturbate ? what if we could see our farts and they came in different colors ? would we as a society make social bonds based on ... a patient and caring but wily shape-shifting humanoid of non-demonic origin , willing to repeatedly change form every 60 days into whatever age , race , height , body and / or personality type that i ... i enjoy eating with friends as much as i enjoy eating alone . i never thought about it before , but i guess having above-average enough manners to eat in public is a prerequisite of my friendship . i don't stutter . i do do this weird thing where i invert the first pronounceable letters of a pair of words ( like dain bramage or mime prinister ) , but i believe that's classified as something ... i know that the optimal timing one should use for mixing from one song to another is somewhere between 2:15 and 3:00 minutes . most of the time , i love a song so much that i get lost in it and can't ... thanks for posting this question . it's something i'd love to know about too . i have an 8tracks account , but i've never posted anything because i don't like their rules . i don't always have 8 ... i don't feel as though i intentionally hurt people . i've found that even if i'm trying to be friendly i'll end up saying something really wrong , so i tend to keep quiet so as not to blurt out ... my earliest memory is of being 2 years old and lost at midnight in a downtown neighborhood , with my mother already 3 miles away before realizing i wasn't with her . i managed that situation ... although i braved the crowds at a couple of stores and have a list of things i want , i barely bought anything because i'm filled with holiday apathy . technically , i bought a usb hub and a hat at a ... jesus . because jesus . in order to talk to another intp face-to-face simply stand side-by-side while staring out of a sporadically reflective window while riding on a moving train . both parties should carry at least one ... my favorite word , slang word , or phrase changes often , like my favorite song . this week it's the term the wet shits . an example sentence would be : this halloween cutout is supposed to be a ... if i had any kind of follow-through ( and was more of an extrovert ) i would be fluent in every language that i've tried to learn . unfortunately , i'm only fluent and literate in english , my mother ... ok , then if that's the case , and you're not crushing on a particular girl from the internet who may also possibly be an entj , then everything you're feeling right now is ok and perfectly normal in an ... i agree , but only to a point . i think it's perfectly fine to let yourself experience the feels in a abstract manner , but what we seem to be missing here is that he stated that he doesn't even know ... i am not a flake . if i make an agreement that i will attend something , then i will . if i tell you that i'm not interested in going to something , then i will set your expectation that i may not or ... i'm definitely messy , and most of the time i feel that it's because i don't have enough room / storage . i actually go through stages where my place makes me feel like a total slob and i clean , but it ... i smoke pot every once in a while , but it's usually like playing russian roulette . there are times when it turns out great and it's all giggle fits , creative visualization , and funny movies / anime . at ... you should've worked in a see you in another 7 years ! with that final statement , but good on you for dismissing that mofo with style and ease . if someone left a baby , a puppy , or a kitten on my doorstep i would keep it for one or two weeks and name it . although , i wouldn't be able to nurse a newborn , so i'd probably have to shorten the ... my materialistic wishlist changes and grows every day , and while would take delight in outlying such things as a sunny , modern 3 - bedroom home , or an audi r8 , or an 80 - inch 4k resolution ... i was obsessed with the story of icarus for a while . i have 3 vices : the internet , shopping , and that other thing i never ever talk publicly about doing . yes - just like music , i need to assign scents to my mood / current personal style concept . i do that mostly on a seasonal basis , picking some new scent for spring / summer vs . fall and winter . also , ... i'm reading this post . that is an impossible request . i've only ever felt vulcan when amidst those in hysterics , or when i have reached the void between anger and blind rage . i used to have that ability too , but i lost it a couple years ago due to a mental / emotional block that i installed . when i had it , i could regress to access the files . first , i used music and ... regarding # 1 : yes , but this only happens to me when i am angry . i . a . : if i feel that my hands can type fast enough , i create a grid in excel to attempt to capture the variables before they ... when i'm in the shower appropriate on all levels : life is like a fuckin plastic fuckin bag , drifting through the fuckin wind , now i have to motherfuckin ' start a-fuckin-gain . i'm somewhat of a picky eater in that i care a lot about what i eat , but i don't make a point of investigating nutritional facts . i don't cook because i don't have the attention span for it , and if ... op , you bring up an interesting theory . when i was a lot more creative , i used to think in a more visual sense - in scenes , pictures , and sometimes motion . if i needed to extend the ... '