' i've given everyone i know a good reason to go i was surprised you stuck around long enough to figure out ... ' all alright ' , by fun . my boyfriend , actually ! :) quick back story ; dated a friend from high school for about two years , had a baby together , planned to get married , things didn't work , i moved back in with my mom . was ... i've been referred to as fascinating . oddly enough , the infj i've recently started seeing has been fascinating to me since day one . :) 45853it ' s a picture of words but it's still a picture and it's perfect . oh wow . everyone is so attractive ! xd am i just drooling because i'm finally single , orrr ... ? another picture of me so i don't disrupt the flow too much :) 38260 beach in the summer of 2010 ... hi jon ! welcome to perc :) like everyone else has said , the infj board is a fantastic place to meet other infj's . i frequent there myself ! i hope you enjoy your time here ! it's a pretty great place . i haven't read the replies yet , but i can relate to this so much . this sounds almost exactly like why my past two relationships have failed . and they were both quite good relationships really , ... ahaha i think i love you ^ - ^ yay ! exciting stoofz !  ... ... static ? ( but about to start moving very quickly ! ) hi brother of mine . lucky for women , or bath & body work's night blooming jasmine : 3 advance auto parts silver springs fl i used to believe that , when i went to leave my dad's at the end of the weekend ( visitation ) , when he forgot ( ' forgot ' ) something inside and ran back to get it , leaving me alone in the truck , that he ... i don't care . i love the darkness . yay ! did it :) gi0hoxeahl4 = i just like this because my friend michael mayhew made it , and he's dressed ...  ... hey ... what's this ... oh holy fucking mother of crackers the ... emotions running rampant loathing the loneliness that is love panicked what have i done ? long time , no see , old friend . life hasn't been the same since i let you slip away . ... omelets at 11pm were a fairly common occurrence while my boyfriend and i were still living together . a pint of ice cream for breakfast . coffee anytime , especially iced . pizza anytime . has to ... i'm going through a ... ' break ' . we're not together , we've broken up and moved apart for three months to reestablish ourselves and work on our own issues , and then reconcile ( hopefully ) and work on our ... i can't think of any particular situations , but yes . i feel embarrassed for others at times . oh , got one . my little brother . he's been homeschooled his whole life and has basically learned his ... i love acting , and took drama classes and joined drama club in high school . haven't done any since then , unfortunately . but i agree with the ultimate square peg ^ the thrill is unlike any other for ... well , that is that , & this is this will you tell me what thought ? & i'll tell you what you missed when the ocean met the sky you missed when time & life shook hands & said goodbye . when the ... it's normal not to want the person you're with to be with other people . but extreme jealousy is a very , very bad thing . not a problem ! :D i like her . she has such a soft voice , but such a temper , haha . my darling . ... by the way , kelly , those are beautiful . i'm too afraid to make anything that wonderful . heyyy ! it's the freezy ice chick from rosario vampire : 3 mizore . completely off topic . but your little sign holding goblin creeper dude in your siggy , scared the crap out of me at first while i was reading it . i was like , uh ... not sure about the ip ... um , yup , ... the last movie i watched , i only watched maybe halfway through , it was interstella 555 . before that , i finished the woman in black . and the last show i watched was my little pony : friendship is ... i saw insidious in the theaters , and i was scared . it's a jumper , that's for sure . similar , but also completely different , is the woman in black . i finally got to see that , and it was just creepy ... i think i'm a pretty good driver . i'm 23 , and only got my license last year . i never did hold a permit , and i didn't get much driving practice , until i started driving my mom to work at 4:30 am in my ... i have two daughters , the older one is four years old now , and the little one is about to turn one . i have a lot of trouble dealing with the constant attention that they both seem to need . i love ... august 25th , virgo . i wear glasses ... i have since i was about ten . i want contacts . ( money issues . ) ' gifted ' . not sure about the due date . but , funny story , i was supposedly a ' perfect baby ' - ... oh my goodness . fantastic . i had just taken a quiz and been typed as an infj , and after reading the description , it kind of felt right ... so i did this , with the link you posted . anddd i got estp ... 28,000 . not too bad . :) i wish i were more able to see the big picture before i panic . it would help a lot . that ni seems pretty enviable :P anyways , thank you . that helps a bit . i'm still struggling to understand and ... mypersonality.info typed me as an infj actually , so i guess anything is possible . let's see . ti : no , i don't think so . i can't explain , but it doesn't sound like me . fi : sounds a bit like me ... i've taken the quiz three times now , and have gotten different answers for each time . my first shot was entp , second was isfj or esfj , i don't quite recall ... this time , i've gotten infp . xd i was ... uhmmm ... yup ! i hear those all too often . everyone tends to tell me that i think too much . i always need to relax , according to others . and when i'm drunk ( or ... otherwise intoxicated ... ) , i am ... to fall in love and fall in debt to alcohol and cigarettes and mary jane , to keep me insane doing someone else's cocaine .. - jesus of suburbia , by greenday i kiss your neck i feel you ... this reminds me of ' stand by me ' ... the line that goes ( i think ) , and the moon is the only light we'll see . i always hear , and the moon is only flying pussy . - ___ - ruined it for me . well , i remember one incident at a friend's birthday party a while back , we had girl's not grey playing ( by a . f . i . ) , and i swore up and down that instead of , where i belong , with all erased , i ... oh blah , everyone was so awesome and you all gave me ideas for movies and i meant to reply but then ... kids ... work ... boyfriend ... stuff . okay . :) i've seen some of the movies you guys have listed ! i ... as i've gotten older , i've started crying more and more during movies , shows , even commercials ... that pampers commercial with the home birth . i had a home birth and it was amazing and i cried every ... 1 . ) lying . lying , dammit , lying is number one . is it so hard to tell the truth ? is it really easier to make up a story and follow through for the rest of your life ? that takes some planning and ... a clockwork orange - anthony burgess , and damned - chuck palahniuk . i'm further in damned because the made up words in acwo are making my head hurt . hah . hmm , thanksgiving or christmas , i don't recall . me and baby . ... '