' i actually downloaded the prince last week just for kicks . hah . psychopathy : primary - 4.5 , secondary - 2.7 machiavellianism : 90 of 100 overall : the page won't load . sorry mate battling procrastination : read all of cal newport's books . in one of them , he describes a method where you write three things you want to do at the beginning of your day , and then at the end of the ... lol tl ; dr do you pay attention to your fashion and skincare ? i wouldn't actually describe myself as hot , but i've always been conscious of my appearance . from an early age , even at 12 , i ... no . read delusions of gender by cordelia fine . apple has so many programs designed specifically for this . there are many learn to code playgrounds apple has created for ipad . if your son has access to an apple computer , he can also read the ... when i have a thought that i've never had before , aka thinking something for the first time . there's this entp who i like , in a more than friends way . i've posted about him in and ... there's this entp who i like , in a more than friends way . i've posted about him in and ... due to recent traumatic events ( which have lead to losing my grip on reality and getting hallucinations ) , i have lost whatever morality i had . i'm scared by my thoughts . i follow laws because ... strangely ? taste in clothing . i promise i'm an intp . i just take clothing and expression seriously , so someone who just throws on random shit in the morning would be undateable . i tend to ... death note absolutely , completely changed my life . an earlier intp said they hated it but for me , death note basically showed me the intj mind . if i didn't watch death note , i still wouldn't know ... basically , there's this entp guy who i think about all day , most days . this is very rare and unusual for me , as i don't think about people often . i wish i could talk to him , but after this thread ... okay , so i understand that i need to just * move on * with my own life and let him live his life . however , it's quite difficult for me to act normal around him these days . exactly ! this ... i don't ever miss people - besides those i am non-platonically interested in . with the entp who i like right now , even being with him while he's flirting with his girlfriend is less painful then ... fueledbyevil drmiller 100 parrot yesterday the entp's hookup buddy visited . i thought he didn't see their relationship as anything serious because : 1 ) she's an isfp . they do not talk at all ... desthro young idontthinkso mangodelicpsycho lynway ronnie yesterday the entp's hookup buddy visited . i thought he didn't see their relationship as anything serious because : 1 ) she's an ... maybe the men who are pursuing entp women feel more confident / entitled and so don't ask for advice about it . also , it's hard for those interesting in entp dudes to break the gender role and flirt ... wow . alrighty . i guess this means i have to , er , initiate this . i was looking online at ways to flirt ( because i have no natural aptitude ) and they seems so strange . compare the size of your hands ... i have no idea . i honestly don't know what to do . right now my plan when i see him in the morning is to ask him for a hug and say he smells good ( which he does ) . is there anything else i can say ... hi , can you elaborate on this ? i'm very interested in this statement . what exactly is it which will lead him to develop psychoses ? okay , i've explained my side of the story ... now can you please explain why you asked how old i am ? i really want to know why you asked that . haha ... it's actually a pretty awful story . i was staying with one of his housemates but she wanted her room back , so now i'm staying in his place instead . he offered his room to her once as well , so ... why are you so flirtatious ? i am 18 ! i don't think he knows how old i am though - or at least i hope not , because he's in his early 20s and i wouldn't want him to dismiss because of my age . he's not an asshole at all ! if you look at the end of my post , the title of this post is simply clickbait because the entp thread isn't very active and i just wanted people to click :) he's quite the ... oh my . unfortunately , i can't do that because i would like to be able to remain comfortable friends in the case that he doesn't like me back ! i just laughed really hard for a couple minutes . the entp posters are so damn funny , oh my word . okay , but what's your serious answer ? ( or did you mean everything you said besides the hepc part ? ) tl ;d r entp is super nice to me , but is he just being nice ? also , last night i was eavesdropping , and someone asked him if he would want to fool around with me . he replied he tried not to ... tl ;d r entp is super nice to me , but is he just being nice ? also , last night i was eavesdropping , and someone asked him if he would want to fool around with me . he replied he tried not to ... i am in a weird living situation where i am living with an entp * who is so ridiculously , ineffably kind to me ( as well as being supermodel attractive ) that i ended up sort of * * crushing on him . i ... yxxxn , i totally agree with you . these angry responses to you go to show just how difficult it is to live in a world ruled by sjs . an intp made a post in the intp forums about their own esfj ... oh , okay . can i ask how you could tell ? i'd just want to know how i come off to other people . nope . it's cliched and the characters have too many emotional outbursts . yes , i am . or i was - i went to college away from home and it's great . why yes , i have indeed been professionally diagnosed with aspergers . i'm not sure if you saw me post about having aspergers on another thread or if you're trying to insult me by implying i have ... considering that the op of this thread is a fellow intp - they're thoughtful like us , but funny , and not as anal about truth and objectivity and stuff . nothing 613258 i accidentally mentioned an entp friend's acne and he won't let me apologize even though it's a really sore subject for him . ( his acne can get pretty bad . ) i know the typical method is to sit down ... the idea of pretending emotion is confusing to me - when i care about something , i just care ( which is why i'm known as the mbti weirdo among school friends ) and if i don't , i don't . i just act ... entps , in my experience , tend to fit the stereotype of someone who doesn't want to be pinned down etc etc . when i have feelings for someone that they can't return , i immerse myself in a new ... would you want a romantic prospect to give you expensive gifts before starting a relationship ? maybe you'd like the gift , but you'd think of the person who gave you the gift as sort of ... weird . ... 1 ) in what way do you defy the stereotype of your type ? this has become less true these last couple months ( due to anxiety ) , but the majority of the time i shower regularly and am obsessed with ... ok , i laughed out loud . i have two pairs of black slip-on shoes that are very similar so they looked the same when i ran out in the morning . even when i showed a picture of the mismatched shoes ... okay , that's nice , but i would like to know what you meant when you said it does seem like he's testing you to see how you respond to him . if that's so , what does ignoring it and acting like i ... ( i double posted oops ) you see , i've never been in this position before , not even with intjs ( as i said ) - everyone i meet is more expressive than i am . i grew up with a horrible sj mother who nagged me to smile more , ... * shivers * alright . i'm not going to say something like ew feelings . uh ... so what do you mean by that ? what feelings were you referring to ? you see , from my perspective , telling him you ... yes . i've been interested in myers-briggs since middle school and have always known myself to be an intp . ( i'm now a legal adult , so i would have had time to feel unsure about it . ) '