' chameleonism for me isn't something chosen , i guess that's the difference . the way it sounds in the original post is that he is appeasing people . to me it just happens . i can honestly say that 75 % of ... well , yes , to be quite honest . i have noticed it in most ni dominant males that i have metx 97almost all of them in fact . i don't walk around putting off vibes of superiority , and i wouldn't admit to it ... those are the most stereotypical infj majors imaginable , what are you talking about ? sure , history itself isn't conducive to ni users , as we don't like gathering massive amounts of information unless ... you know what ? i think you're right . i've never really looked at gandhi , to be honest ; i just assumed he was the quintessential infj because of public opinion . john lennon is another intj that always ... yeah , xnfjs are more renowned for political acumen than xntjs are . think about martin luther king , malcom x , hitler , gandhi , ayatollah khomeini , osama bin laden , etc . whether they worked for good or ... content , personality , and face are all very infj looking . just watched a piece of an interview on him : i would bet big money he's an infj . there is an abstraction of the object . are you watching the same video as me ? he is extrapolating abstractions from many aspects of life and using the scarf to express them . that's ne . an se user ... all functions are subconscious . everyone's first extroverted function is mostly instinctual , as far as i can tell . even the logical types have a subconscious disposition towards logic . it was ... let me elucidate and say that ni users don't create , period . ne users create . ni users have a revelation about what is happening . think about isaac newton's ( intj ) laws of physics . he didn't create ... no introverted function is engaged with the external world . ni is concerned with searching for patterns in the user's external input . from carl jung's psychological types : whereas , the ... i meant more in the intrapersonal sense . what fi users call deep is a framework of how they view themselves in relation to the world . we don't view ourselves in relation to the world . we don't need ... mbti and jung have the same exact definitions . the only thing mbti did was add the three functions subservient to the first . jung just classified people by their dominant function . this means that ... they aren't , though . every function they have is different . fi , te vs fe , ti leads to the biggest division between the two . dante scioli it's definitely fi , ne . we have no fi or ne . i think ... i'm not looking for a war . i've already got into enough of those in the past couple days . click around randomly and watch a few seconds . everything ... i agree he uses more fe than your usual istp , but i still can't see ni dominant for him . i wonder how much his culture had an effect on his philosophy . i still don't get an xnfj vibe off of him . ... he is definitely not using fe in that picture . he still looks like a stereotypical infj , though . you can tell he isn't an intj . istp . most of his philosophy wasn't that intense , to be honest . he wasn't living in an fe world , either . he was an se user , i'm 99 % sure . him . inside his profile . open it up . the dude with the phone . what was the pragmatic reason for banning homosexuality , anyhow ? what was the reason in the past ? is being repulsed at homosexuality innate or learned ? you said it , but all the fi users here ... tell me the truth , do you see it or not ? i see it . the more you put next to each other , the more you see it . the only problem is i'm running out of eminent infjs . all infjs : 447554 4475 62 ... mel gibson , infj breakdown : 0:22- 0:28 . look at how comes up to her : fast aggressive movement . highly indicative of se . look at his face , too . he ... i've read jung and some of schopenhauer . i think jung is a little subjective at times , same as freud . i love to hear xntp theories , but i wish they would have elucidated better . schopenhauer sees the ... look at the section from 2:50- 2:53 . look at his mannerisms . he is giving you the te nod . 3:10- 3:30 . you don't think those are te mannerisms ? really ? ... all esfps . try to put any of them in the xnfj or xstp category . they shouldn't fit if you are seeing what i'm seeing . 447474 4474 82 447490 4474 98 i seriously doubt an istj would even think about the subconscious very much , let alone make an entire theory on it . seriously , celbritytypes.com is the most misleading thing in the world .  ... quit looking at celebritytypes.com . they have robert e . lee as an isfj . their judgment is beyond pathetic . he is such a blatant te user that it makes me cry a little inside when i see something like ... no they don't . put day lewis into the xntj lineup : he fits great . put mystery into the xsfp lineup : he also fits great . seriously , does day lewis really look like an fe user to you ? i'm not trying ... that's not true . they do communicate something . you can tell a lot about a dog's temperament by the way he looks , same with humans . why would you think how you are on the inside wouldn't have any ... juxtapose xsfj with xntp . they are very similar . ( sorry for no women . i couldn't think of any off the top of my head . ) 447202 intp 447210 intp 447138 isfj ( high emotional intelligence . not an xnfj . ) 447146 isfj . ( note the eyes . very common look for si women . ) 447170 4470 90 isfp 447098 isfp 447106 4470 50 intj ( high intelligence . ) 447058 intj 447066 4470 10 istj 447018 istj ( not an intj . quit buying into the evil overlord meme . ) 447026 xstp users . contrast this with xnfjs . we all have the same functions and have obvious similarities . 446946 istp 446954 istp ( very high intelligence . don't conflate him with an n because ... you are an enfp . look at your face in that picture . you are exuding a strong te look , like you want to be seen as an intj . you don't even realize that because your understanding of the theory is so ... 446762 infp 446770 infp 446778 i'm not going to do any feature breakdown this time . it's become relatively apparent that i'm no xsfj . pay attention to the faces . they are different . if you can't tell they are , you have low ... i'm not trying to be mean , but it's more about knowing people than knowing the theory . i could teach any emotionally intelligent xxfj the theory and have them type people , i do believe . i don't think ... ha-ha , you a funny guy . you have no clue what you are talking about . i'm arguing with a toddler . it doesn't and i never said it did . it is a superficial grouping soley for the purpose of ease of use . people are emotionally intelligent . people would be this with or without a theory . the theory is ... she is an infp , and a stereotypical one at thatx 97tolkien , too . yes , i can tell people that . you feel insulted for me imposing , and i feel equally insulted by you debasing the theory . she is an infp ... summary : i have never looked into the theoretical framework of this theory . i assume it doesn't work . cognitive functions are the theory , comrade . the letters mean nothing . you are ignorant and a ... i do look at people and understand them in one glance . all xnfjs do . you don't know what you are talking about . look how xntjs process te information : quick and efficiently . the only difference ... ha-ha , watch some seinfeld , kid . you wouldn't last one day in our world . don't you know those rumors that tarnished your reputation back in high school ? those were xxfjs behind that . they are smarter ... it isn't something i just learned on the internet . i have always understood people . all the theory did was give me a theoretical framework to place them into . i understand the theory perfectly fine ... there is a prominent look for each extraverted function . you thinking there isn't doesn't make it any less so . you have to understand that the theory only places you within a 1/16 accuracy . there are ... i agree that physiognomy is more an isfj proclivity . they are the ones who are more cognizant of facial features , expressions , and body language . we take it in subconsciously , meaning we can't ... she's an esfp . that is se dominance . you have your fi and fe mixed up . don't feel like typing him , but those are te movements , 100 % . he says long dialogues without breaking eye contact and ... mystery is an esfp , sorry . i didn't really watch much of the video . those are se mannerisms ; he is much too confrontational to be an ne dominant . his face does make a v . 445794 4458 02 i ... that is an fe , se smile . xstps and xnfjs are the only ones who make that . you are right that an esfj won't smile that way , as they have no se . as for jung ( intp ) , it doesn't matter what he thinks . he ... '