' now you'll have to pardon me because i haven't read much on mbti recently ( i'm more interested in psychopathology atm ) and it's been a bit since i watched that season , but might jj be an entp ? i ... probably , since i find her stunningly attractive and those tend to be intj's or infj's lol quoted for great truth . the pain of rejection and sickness to end : | pretty much . although i love most sorts of knowledge and i could easily see a passion developing for any number of paths ... hopefully by the doctoral stage i'm decided though lol chess strategy is mad complex , man . i'm good at beating my friends but i get whooped online because i haven't learned a lot of the more serious tactics . keep in mind that any personality typology makes generalizations , individuals within one type could vary greatly ( i . e . from an entp chess master to one who actively avoids anything related to the ... yeah , pretty much . though everyone has their natural anxieties and some may have it in the realm of romance / social skills without having an overlying disorder persay limerence is a topic i doubt many of you know by name , but i'm sure most people in general can relate to the subjective experience of it . basically it's obsessive , intrusive thought about a romantic ... ohhh this is going to be so biased because of my recent interest . but whatever ! my perfect girl would share a decent amount of my main interests ( n = 500 ) to allow for compatibility , but even more ... i had to wikipedia him . that's cool . you're welcome to stop by , he went to my college in fact . i wish i was doing drama though . i think i'm just going to get internet famous . meh . everything's what you make it , man . if you have any interest in future smoking i'd say find a more adventurous group to do it with or try it alone to introspect , meditate , and philosophize . maybe ... i've had a pot addiction for three years . okay maybe only a true addiction for a year's worth of that time . but despite my reasonable intellect , there is a neurochemical difference between wanting ... i got a 32 on the act , the only form of sat i had to take was a couple subject tests . i got 800 in chem and 690 in math ii . my major is called brain , behavior , and cognitive science and i'm at ... yeah , it's led me to some bad crazy times for sure lol . but i was deprived of intuitive girls in highschool so the hippie girls in ann arbor make it 100x worse haha you know you're an entp when a new acquaintence becomes an obsessive love in a day , which leads to intense wikipedia research on every neuropsychosocial aspect of love . lol , life's good ! thanks for the support ! i haven't read that , but i'll look into it . i'm sure it'll be at the campus library . i really enjoy periods of enlightment that come from moments of psychotropic indulgence ... hello again , still waiting on my psychiatric appointment . it's on the 16th , a week from monday . the more informed i've become of the many views on autism spectrum disorders and the varieties ... when you find yourself non-chalantly responding to three week old messages on various forms of social sites as though you hadn't been off on another wild tangent of obsessive thought for nearly a ... hence the beauty of liberal arts education ... you can take your time finding something you have passion for that won't be boring to you . i'm heading down the path of psychiatry and i'm intrigued , but ... college . college is such perfection . find a nice , big liberal arts school and you'll feel crazy fulfilled . if you're not already there that is . if you are , though , there's plenty of time to make ... when you spend five minutes arguing a point until someone backs you up ... only for their manner of agreeing to annoy you in some small way . so then you argue against their reasoning instead ! so we all share the common personality type entp on this forum ... my question : how do you perceive people's take on your persona ? my understanding is that people see me as an unpredictable ... when i got my lexapro prescription from a general practitioner at the university health services , my doctor asked me what 5 - htp was ! if i wasn't aware that i'd get serotonin syndrome and die if i ... i don't mean to be argumentative or defensive , but my annoyance just comes from cookie cutter assumptions about diagnostics . most strictly physical ailments have a high degree of variability , but ... and does he fit your limited stereotype of people with aspergers based off of the limited number of friends you have with the syndrome ? okay well i'm just going to disregard any further attacks towards my self-diagnosis , since i've already sufficiently explained my reasonable view towards it . you guys have a very limited view of the ... dude , for sure ! i remember in elementary and middle school , kids who didn't know me would try to pick on me and either : 1 . someone else would step in and tell the person to piss off or 2 . they'd ... callie you obviously have missed the points that : 1 . i don't care about the diagnosis , the framework of the syndrome describes numerous life experiences for me 2 . there are more specific examples ... that's a good rule of thumb , i'll keep that in mind ! i guess the name doesn't matter as much as the understanding though . some argue it's just another genotype rather than a condition . just a ... businessman the literal joke thing i had horribly as a child . my confidence was super , super low because i felt like i wasn't liked by anyone because i couldn't read neutral face expressions ... if you've been even an occasional visiter to the entp forum these past few months , there's a good chance you've noticed my little existential crisis over my first term at college . or perhaps the term ... hmm i guess i just mention liberal arts because to my knowledge any other kind of college is more specialized and therefore has less of a variety in its student body and perhaps less of a traditional ... if your experience is anything like mine , then a thousand times over : yes ! ! i can only vouch for university of michigan and michigan state , but i think the same might go for any liberal arts college ... huh , quite a life parallel we have ! only i messed up big this term so i'm excited for the next one because it's a chance to redeem myself . where do you go , out of curiosity ? greetings fellow entps ! i'm taking a quick break from cramming for a personality psych exam and decided to give the five-factor theory a fair chance . i scored scuai with my inquisitiveness ... simonor thanks for the tip ! the only thing is that i am fairly serious about becoming a citizen , so i don't know if i want to deal with instantly being thought of as an american the rest of my life ... that's rough , mate . i think it's silly not to respect someone's name wishes , including through ignorance . ignorance is the bane of mankind lol . how does one delete a comment ? i should figure this site out a little better . juliarhys i used the word ' maybe ' idiomatically . and no , i'm going to live in sweden , where it just so happens that people pronounce the name thomas in a way i like . i already addressed this , i have no intention to . my maybe was in the sense of definitely , if that makes sense . my swedish prof calls me tomas though and it has a nice ring to it . i do intend to ... hmm , we'll see . idk if this is a little experiment or a serious change yet . that's why i'll test it out with new people first . another option is to get a nickname going . whatever lol have any of you ever gone through the process of changing your name or just how you'd like to be addressed ? i'm going to try out thomas for a bit ; i'm 18 now and have been going with tommy out of ... i loveee me some college . i'm going to be a psychiatrist , so it's not really a point of debate whether i stick around here now ! life's good (: mkeath been reading ayn rand ? i saw that first response and got intimidated ... but i'm just going to quickly give my answer to the op . adore : - theoretical discussion that turns into sarcastic debate . like discussing a real ... it's always a bummer when feelings fight with long term goals ... but i think your view is very pragmatic . i guess my only advice is to not hold back in this moment because you think you know you'll ... i realize that i'm neither of the people you directed your question at , but i think i'll take a stab at it using a method that's been moderately successful for me . when i really grow tired of someone ... we tend to be optimists and really good at working with what we have . he must feel like there's sufficient chemistry between you to keep things interesting and constantly improving , even if things ... anything ( or nothing even ) delivered by a naked girlfriend , lol '