' intpanonyme i was thinking a depressed estp using her last function ni so close :) my infp friend told me that she cheated on her boyfriend today . she was torn about it and felt really disgusted wit herself . i keep reading that the main thing infps hate about infjs is judgemnent ... i know this girl from instagram but i finally heard her talk . i havr an idea of what her type is but i don't want to influence you . here is the youtube video of her describing her youth and ... sonny i am fe aux so i like to connect with people but if i can tell i am not bonding with you or i am not excited about your prescence then i find a way to leave . would a so dom do that ? when i ... i keep reading that people who are so dominate like popularity and things that are trendy . i don't have an instagram , snapchat , kik , vine , twitter . all i have is a facebook and phonenumber . wouldn't ... yeah i live in los angeles and have been trying to learn spanish in order to communicate with more people in my neighborhood and have a more diverse group of friends . i have been learning for more ... lol i agree with the conversation inside my head thing . i do this all the time so when you meet someone you automatically share somrthing personal with them ? you off the bat ask a complete stranger a deep question about themselves ? deleted i ask people what they are listening to and reading because i want to find new music and books i haven't discovered . so that question is for me to gain something personally . the best books ans ... a lot of people say talking about the weather but if you are going on a trip that is very important to know . what does it mean to you ? give examples of a time you had to make small talk when i was a kid at daycare this kid chocked on string cheese . he couldn't breathe and they had to carry and rush him out immediately . his tounge was out and his arms were by his side . someone had ... oceanwave that sounds isfj . that's nothing like me i'm way too in my head to know what people are wearing or doing around me . when my friends dye their hair or change their style i don't even notice ... the descirption isn't misleading . guess what your friend isn't infj he is your friend . stop putting him under his discription only . he is not a four letter word he is him . he probably doesn't feel ... i learned as a kid everyone has lied before and if you say you haven't your a liar . your friend shouldn't have lied and when you lied you shouldn't havs either . but guess what we're human . we aren't ... your highest functions are ne and ti . so intp .. no one is going to know because we don't know how your brain works . only you know the functions you use so you have to read up on all 8 functions and ... i a dog person . i've tons of other animals as pets : hamsters , cats , birds that i can think of . i live with other people and we share the pet that comes into the house . i never asked for a cat but my ... i don't dislike xxsj in general . sorry about that because i know how it is when people bash infjs . lol good question the type i'm least attracted to is esfj . they are fun to have around sometimes becausr they are talkative and always got something going on but they don't have enough mystery . and they aren't ... when i talk to myself out loud and answer myself back i question my sanity . not joking when you think of the stereotypical cool person its an estp . but to me its intp because they have fun interest and have this way of dressing and portraying themselves thats cool to me . lol the isfj one was funny bobagsp sorry when i said that i meant infjs make up conversations in their heads . imaginary scenarios and people . you dont have to role play but the mind thing is infj . our imaginations ( ni ) with ... chimeric people on these forums say it when they compare infp vs infj . when someone is confused of which one they are most people say infps are rebellious and break rules and infjs stay within the ... thanks for clearing up stereotypes . shes very openly weird and rebellious so i knew she was a p . i was one letter off though :) shes so cool yeah every infj does that . if you didnt i would ask you to find your type because infj isn't it . maybe they havent ... its just people studying myers briggs read these forums so i just wanted them to know stereotypes verus actual characteristics . it can confuse you when you first join . i also ... thanks i appreciate your opinion . why did you say that ? i just want to understand the difference between types more when i was 16-18 i used to steal . not from my parents or hard workers but from large department stores who ceos were making a ton of money anyways while their employees were getting paid minimim ... shes cute so i automatically assumed infp . but then i was like i will see if other infps identify with her and that could help me . shes like a ghetto infp to me ( any type can be ghetto ) anyways ... this has been done a year ago but i wanted to see if peoples ' opinions changed . i want to be an estp . my brother is an estp and he makes life seem so fun and simple . everyone always ask how you can recognize if your an unhealthy infj but no one ever states how to be a healthy infj . i already know i am unhealthy but what should i do to return back to a healthy ... sorry read this post instead because i'm new to cognitive functions . i have been reading up on it but no one explains it well . when you think of an idea or realization out of nowhere that is introverted intuition . i don't know if this is a characteristic of most infjs but i am def an infj and i role play with my sister all the time . i would with other people but i either feel uncomfortable or they aren't into ... huey freeman - intj bugs bunny - entp bart simpson - estp he agrees with everything you are saying . that is his view i am just bad at explaining it . he says most philosophers have a deterministic view , meaning everyone is puppets and being controlled and ... he talks about super beings and the universe and how they may be controlling everything . but he believes as a whole on past experiences being able to determine your decisions , actions , and beliefs ... deleted i actually didn't know any of that . i thought you had to stop your mind from racing before you meditate . i will give that a try in the morning . i never had that in the zone feeling because i am ... do you mean the idea that everything you did in the past caused the reaction or decision you made now ? explqin more please i totally feel the same way . i am aware of the books i choose becausw i don't want to look strange . i hate the same gossip or how my day was convo that my esfj friend does . i mean she is fun but ... meidtation is so hard for me because it is hard to stop my mind from over thinking . i am 21 :) you ? we both believe in the mind , body , and spirit combo kev yewh exactly we are ultinately going to chose what we are drawn too . anyways are you buddhist , i see you have a buddha avatar . i am buddhist kev he claims he does not believe the world is determined in a certain way . he does not believe people are puppets or that we are trapped . but he concludes that some things are determined like your ... i am going to find another infp and see how it goes . i won't generalize by one infp cindennrella basically he is saying if we say people do not have free will then we say that they can never be punished or held accountable for anything they do because they are under controll of the universe ( or ... noelani 887 what do your infp friends talk about ? '