' omg ... manipulated . well played . you win this round . actually you win all the rounds because i will forget all about this in a couple of minutes =/ roflmao ... feelings time lol i have no advice , but i love this thread . sorry for your suffering , but thank you for the joy you have given me :D that's a lotta text : unsure : i assumed it was meant to make some sort of sense ... somewhere ... lol : unsure : i'm an intj and i'm gonna confuse the fuck outa ya ( cuz ur first comment makes no sense at all ): i watched it . she has some very good points because most people do just procrastinate their lives away . but more importantly , it has nothing to do with age . people who do that , are just like that ... yeah , these are why i dislike talking to most people . if you ask someone what the proof is for their thought , they answer i ... just feel it ! that's enough for me . they are too ignorant to be ... hahahah . this is the * exact phrase * i had in my head while reading it . i didn't mention this ( and go into further detail ) even though i wanted to . having said that , i doubt saying so with ... lol ( this ' lol ' does not mean i'm not taking it seriously , just laughing at some if the situation ) 1 . if your text is accurate and not changed in a biased towards ( which most people will tend ... i think op is getting too much flak here . calm down people , by pushing op , you just make him push back - that's now how understandings are passed on . in no particular order : 1 . it doesn't ... lol though for me it is a matter of principle , not a matter of ability to pay . being coerced into paying , whether i could afford it or not would bother me just as much . i hate how people here ... edward bernays used the pioneering research of his uncle , sigmund freud ( father of modern psychology ) , to use propganda which manipulates the public's subconscious . he was used when cigarettes came ... this is so on the mark . there is no middle ground . technically you can say you don't know ( this is not of contention and should not be - this is where most people arguing get caught up , but ... lol can't help admiring your evilness the whole concepts of god and religion are incredibly simple to understand , but people with brains and religious / god-believers should never meet since the ... that is so true , and i get blow away constantly at how standard it is . they just don't even question it - its in movies , so that is the way life is to be lived : frustrating : people change very little , and very slowly if they ever do . allowing for people to change can often take a very low priority since it is so rare imo . with your example , i don't know if i would ... maybe as someone who has yet to enter the work force and support yourself , you have that luxury of not needing to save money for your future , but once you do , you then want to use some of it to ... can you expand on this . i thought it would be more the ( f ) eeling aspect rather than the ( s ) ensing part that would give me the most trouble , since my life is based on ignoring most feelings when ... because it is nice to have someone around - a partner that is . someone who you can say some passing thought to and they can do the same thing . while not getting burnt out giving all your attention ... wow . too much good stuff to comment on any of the individual points without turning it into a thread about your response . some i have learned and mastered already . some i have learned already , but ... i do all of these - always find problems why something wont work - sometimes find it takes time to find / explain why i decided they are problems - often don't find reason why things are good or ... i never really thought much about this . i do really like to help / teach / mentor someone to improve in a way i know a lot about , and didn't really think about whether that was normal / common or not . ... yeah , see that is exactly that i'm talking about - coming over and doing their own thing would be perfect . don't know how to get to that point though ... yea it's possible that the ones where i didn't really have much of an issue with this just happened to be a more suitable personality type .. oh yea i guess i wasn't totally clear . i'm not talking about when you first meet someone . say this is after a few months of knowing each other and you both know most stuff about each other , but ... eh if you went to someone's house and they did their own thing , what would you be doing there ? wouldn't you think : why did i come here if he isn't talking to me ? ? meaning i can't have both a relationship and be comfortable and do my own thing while they do their own thing in the same place ? lol so my only choice is - alone ; or - uncomfortable ... when people meet and start dating , they talk a lot to learn about each other . eventually when you live together , you can mostly just be in the same place but don't need to pay much attention if ... i dunno if this would work for an entp , but for me ( an intj ) , this won't work . i simply can't spend much time with an amazingly nice idiot . at least not enough for like a really close relationship ... agreed . well it makes you not stupid , lets say . lol . you score extra points for describing accurately the comparable level of intelligence of americans . people for the most part are incapable of comprehending most interesting topics , and therefore their subjects are mundane and pointless . if you were an intj i would say it's most likely that you are ... ^ ^ let me know too . i'm in the same boat :d ry : hmm he could possibly mean when someon disrespects others , which everyone should avoid with ( mostly ) everyone else , much like lying which everyone should avoid with ( mostly ) everyone else , and if ... i don't think more intelligent people are better at lying . i think it is the people more experienced in lying that are better at it . obviously the total retards are more easily caught , but someone ... yea love makes you blind to the incompatibilities . then after 3-5 years , the love wares off and if you didn't randomly happen to fall for someone who was compatible , things go downhilll and then ... lol this could be a long long list inability to analyse situations to really understand what is going on emotional decision making doesn't consider challenging the status quo untrustworthy , ... i think guilt initially is a gut feeling , which is not necessarily based on a logical reason , but i think as you learn to analyse whether the guilt makes sense and is deserved , it is useful because ... lol you are projecting your own self onto others . i never think about even the idea that i would lie , steal , or cheat anyone , and while i consider my intelligence nothing special , it is definitely ... meh i'm bored with other types coming in and complimenting us . we already know we're great . having someone else say it doesn't add anything at all . it's kinda like pointless small talk . i could ... it has nothing to do with not being important . that a major misunderstanding of it . the fact that he spent a lot of time with you means you were very likely important to him . intj's are both very ... yeah this can be a major sore point for me also . i am ok if the other person that teases me is a very close friend and i know they care about me and are just kidding . actually i kinda like it if ... if he also used to mention how great it would be if we were in a relationship then i would say he was not at all fooling around , but i don't know if you brought up the subject and he just agreed ... edit : shit . original post is over a year old . who is the tool that brings these old threads up when the op is highly unlikely even interested any more . happiness would have to come above all else , so i would vote ' meaning ' if there was one , or if i could somehow believe in one of the obviously bullshit meanings other people have that makes them ... agree that almost everyone is weird . also agree that intj's are the nizzles . or at least i am - dunno how i would feel if i met another one of me : rolleyes : lol a + you should write ... are they married and with kids ? that obviously means the end of living since - how much energy can someone have when everything you have ( time , energy , money ) gets sucked out of them by a group of ... i would just stare at them with no response trying to understand why they are saying pointless stuff , much like any other person would respond to someone coming up to them and randomly saying ... my ex seems like she was an esfp , and while she was the nicest person i ever met , she drove me so out of my fucking mind with her emotion-based total lack of logic or ability to reason that frankly i ... intj here 1 . these days i tease and make jokes . it makes everything easier and more fun . if they are just too shy , frankly i think it's best to just give up and find someone else , but in the ... ^ ^ apart from being an annoying image , the most disturbing part is that i don't even know if that's a man or a woman . it either needs more or less testosterone that it currently has imo . '