' being skinny is actually annoying . it's not nice when every time you hug a family member they make comments like you should eat more or you're so bony . sent from my iphone using tapatalk sent from my iphone using tapatalk why is it that 75 % of the time i feel like writing a post but never know how to put it into words and just leave it [ emoji 36 ] [ emoji 36 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk sent from my iphone using tapatalk coco pops [ emoji 4 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk i gave in 2 assignments today . these past two days have been really stressful and now it's the holidays [ emoji 322 ] ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk well my older brother is an infp and my younger brother is an estj sent from my iphone using tapatalk i would post the same gif right now . i was typing quite fast and the e on my keyboard was already loose and while i was typing it literally just flew off . [ emoji 23 ] [ emoji 23 ] [ emoji 23 ] that's the ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk that's another problem of mine , daydreaming . instead of using my free time to do my college work i always find myself day dreaming xd sent from my iphone using tapatalk at least you have times where you are 100 % focused . most of the time when i'm doing my assignments i always stress about how i'm gonna make it perfect but the stress makes me less focused so i take ... why is it that when i feel like i can get a lot of work done something comes up and i'm busy for almost the whole day and then i feel too tired to do anything . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i really don't know why i procrastinate . i always plan out how much of my college assignments i want to do each day and sometimes i don't even bother turning on my laptop . then i start moaning and ... why the hell am i always procrastinating . sent from my iphone using tapatalk when you question your own sanity because of all the things that goes on in your head . ( don't know if this goes for all injfs . ) sent from my iphone using tapatalk you're not the only one . sent from my iphone using tapatalk how the fudge am i gonna finish 2 assignments by next monday along with a work experience booklet [ emoji 30 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk lentils with rice . it's not a favorite though . sent from my iphone using tapatalk there's nothing wrong with you thinking that way . i sometimes think like that as well . i mean it would be nice to have children but i wouldn't want them to go through all the stress and heartaches in ... infjs ? wa alaykum asalam :) i would rather go visit canada than america . i don't see what's so bad about canada . i always thought that enfps were quite social . are you sure that he's an enfp ? it probably is low self-esteem but i'm not really sure how to improve self-esteem . 612802 i feel the same way . people always see me as the quiet person in the class but i can be talkative with people that i'm familiar with like family and close friends . it's actually quite frustrating ... i understand how you feel . i was thinking about studying psychology at university cos i'm interested in why people think and act the way they do which led me into wanting to become a psychologist ... you definitely sound like an infj . i was reading your post and i was thinking this so me . ( i'm glad that i'm not the only one that likes talking to myself ) . and about career choice , you should ... infj , muslim . older brother : infp little brother : estj friends : isfp , esfp and enfp . not sure if it's 100 % correct as they all used tests on websites . but i'm pretty sure my older brother's type is accurate . i'm also very imaginative . i recently found out my mbti type and i thought that if i registered i would be able to get to know more about myself and others . i know it says one but i would say i'm ... shy emotional a failure i know that i'm a feeler because i hate seeing other people upset and i try my best not hurt others and when i do i end up feeling guilty and i keep thinking about what i could have done or said to ... when you spend lots of time imagining your future . well that's what i do anyway . why not ? i still eat chocolate cereal for breakfast as well . 😋 i live in in the uk , london . been here my whole life . but i'm originally from bangladesh . i'm new too : relaxed : and i'm an infj . '