daiz owgosh ! ! that's amazing ! i'm well envious haha . i doubt he'll ever drag his ass all the way to scotland , but hey ! you never know . or maybe one day i'll see him in seoul as i still plan on ... ironically enough after months orchid flower child decides to bloom in the last days of summer ... funny my plants are still alive after 2 years , i always expect to see them all withered first thing i ... oh , in love with this album . so very welcome in this moment . just like a star across my sky , just like an angel off the page , you have appeared to my life , feel like i'll never be the same , ... a few from me : find a role model . i have one from a ted talk and always re-watch him to get inspired and pumped up . practice makes perfect . come to terms with the fact that the first time in ... a bunch of narcissists ... ^ _ ~ erm , this is going to be more of a random post but i just can't help myself but notice that a couple of the people posting in this thread are from the uk which is rather unusual for this canada / us ... first version gave me infj , second version gave me intj . percentages confuse me , i found the wordy style of answering more comprehensive . firstly , can i warn users reading this to beware this is not for you if you're sensitive and very susceptible to depressive states just so that i don't make it worse for you ? thanks . okay there we ... floating into nothingness ... dunkirk : ★ ★ ★ ☆ ☆ - good moral story , a bit stiff and i have an inexplicable dislike for cillian murphy . - valerian and the city of a thousand planets : ★ ★ ★ ☆ ☆ - beautiful visuals and loved to see kris ... this girl gives me faith in humanity and in myself , that i can get better . wondering if the's enfp or infp . sounds like a 9 ennea-type . ... it was my first long awaited proper holiday for the year , a chance to spend quality time with my family but the day i land in barcelona this fucking terrorist shit happens ... so it ended up not being ... i don't know what took me so long to watch this . gives me the importance of being earnest ( 2002 ) / romeo + juliet ( 1996 ) vibes . think it's gonna be one of those movies which the more you watch , the ... i got this one used on me once . : rolleyes : we were in a club and i thought my hearing is bad so made the guy repeat it 3 times ! : laughing : hellou ~ enfps : kitteh : i ' hate ' you for your cunning , ... oh hey haha , thank you ! i guess another 4 - relatable person can see past ( or appreciate ) the snob , pomp face someone else hilariously described me as . btw i know it's not on topic but quickly saw ... : laughing : on a more serious note i don't think my ' sexiness ' is obvious and exposed for the most part as i only get into flirtatious , provocative ... i voted enfj since there was 1 option to vote for only . if the guy is mature i'd go for either : extraverts - enfj - enfp - esfj - entp oh god . : laughin : true , but not on such a grande scale ( obviously we have a much bigger population today too ) . to me it appears there were times in the past where other things were more valuable & people were more ... i think song is pretty self-explanatory . been struggling with self-love , self-acceptance , represents my struggle and thorough attempts towards it , the controversy of it . feeling foreign towards this ... i last saw district 9 movie-wise . it's okay , i give it ★ ★ ☆ ☆ ☆ . bad things are bound to happen , it is the question of ' when ? ' . however , you can't let this fear and anxiety get in the way of you living your life . as hard as it may be sometimes . ' bad ' things ... i don't want to post this as a thread but rather ask here . whenever i test for my enneagram type i always get mixed results , meaning either 4w3 or 4w5 . lately i find it difficult and been ... haha you're awesome <3 i've had a problem with an enfp female just once and we were best friends for 5 years and then a quarrel over money showed me how immature she is and i completely lost my trust ... oh gosh , someone actually dared to say this out loud . the fi knee jerk , i'll remember that ! :D that's exactly what i think about my enfp-ex , asshole haha . as for my enfp friends , i'm very glad to ... guilty pleasure ... venus , planet of sociability , combines with aquarius ruling planet uranus to make them the most people-oriented of all aquarius . the planet uranus inspired element of ... finally had the chance to gather my rather recent enfp and enfj guy friends and hang out together today . it was pretty interesting to observe fe vs fi in action and overall it went pretty well ( as ... warning : in sappy mode . these 2 are still my favourite after 7 years from the first ( proposal ) vid . there are so many out there on youtube nowadays but these 2 are truly special . it shows you a ... singing out loud while dropping a tear or two ... < / 3 noooooo ... ;( ( the book is attached by amir levine & rachel heller . it helped me out as it encourages you to be emotionally open and brave about expressing your needs . i'll keep a copy for my kids ( when i get to be ... so what i'm getting at is that 4w5 ' s who've mastered mindfulness are the healthy ones ? ? don't often parade with pictures as it attracts creepies in the neighbourhood . anyway , in the spurt of spontaneity . queen bitch face award goes to ...  oh gosh . she sounds insecure to me with consequently an insecure attachment style . i'll try to get in touch with her and ask her to re-discuss things calmly as adults . i'd use this opportunity to ... it would have been useful for people if this thread had a poll . anyway , i'm sure there's another similar one lying around that has it . pretty happy with my female istp flatmate , she's pretty chill . not had any drama with her so far and we've lived together for 2 years now . had a female enfp flatmate before , best friend too . we're ... i read this book 2-3 months ago and it made sense to me when it said not all people are capable of the same level of intimacy as others are . theoretically it could work but from experience so far ... and finally !  dang ... can't help it but notice that's a lot of female artists . peace . and these too :  back to some oldies too ... ( couldn't find link to actual record song , sorry . ) could literally be a walking boom box . this song sparks joy at 100 % , wish i could get my hands on the lyrics somehow ( and also that it was on spotify ... ) ... life is unfair so that means errything rawr ! ! ! dx getting myself educated on fomo and fobo since i figured out those have been taking over my life ... if anyone has any more to recommend plus books let me know . ...   ... shout-out to my newer and fast-becoming close older esfj friend . i love joking around with him over the stupidest and most inappropriate things ( a sneaky daredevil ! ) while throwing in a serious and ... i think i've got to do this ... but how do you open up since you've kept silent for a long time ? ? let's attempt this ... it's going to be messy . why do i try to hide this ... already ? i thought ... sure , i do like to keep things interesting ~ that was the worst happy ending everrr ! ! * sobs uncontrollably * see , you gotta catch a grenade for me and then i'd truly believe you and love you ... awww . much poetry , much nonsense . x3 beautiful , but still nonsense . are we getting to be like star-crossed lovers , too ? ? i commend this brave attempt ! dang , i went through 15 pages of this thread ... ah ~ you mean emptiness . > _ >