' puppies . * screaming in the distance * i definitely agree with what alysaria said . good luck :P he's such a strange man . xd if you're anything like me , you'll be back in three months . i've noticed that usually happens with me . :P fantastic . amazing . i feel like i could burst . : crazy : so much popcorn , too little time . but in my opinion , mbti personality type doesn't correlate with physical appearance , and it doesn't define someones attitude . : s of course we are . trust me , i'm a deity . never doubt yourself . : tongue : why am i still hungry ? : crying : no they weren't . i lived in a very physically abusive household . i ran away about 15 months ago . i was often socially isolated , and physically isolated by being made to never leave the house for ... as the deity of all things , i'm afraid i can only answer this question with this : at some point ... maybe . i am an enfp and i liked all the pictures , especially number 4 . i think it is amusing . i wish i would fall into the sky sometimes . i will be attending a leadership party next week , meeting up with all the others in the course . it will be taking place at mr entj's house . i swear to god , he's saved the day a ridiculous amount ... i love giving things to deity - everyone . what the hell . i agree with everything that shimmerleaf said . istp , and we get along like a house on fire . love him . : happy : adroelectro good luck on your date ^ . ^ is the reason you're so excited is because you heard there was free food here ? if so , i have to say that that is a lie . i came in here expecting free cookies and now i'm not allowed to leave :'( ... my worldly duties . i have obtained a cold.not ideal for a god like me , but oh well . and after a little more research i've decided i'm definitely an enfp . project went faster than i expected . it will be one of the poorest pieces of work i will probably ever do . i wish it to be burned in a roaring fire to be honest . i am never being project partners ... i'm here because i like chatter . concerned about a project i have to complete . my project partner is practically non-existent so i have to finish this thing by myself during my lunch break . : frustrating : i'm a deity , so i'm as valuable as they get . but this thread seems a little silly . you can't say that one personality type is destined to make more money than another . here's a better ranking : number one : th_love : tom hiddleston : th_love : nice to meet you not perky . i'm dad . lorelai gilmore : kitteh : awolnation's hollow moon is pretty good . and the songs collector and two scars from springtime carnivores are turning into my favourite songs at the moment . i like the way you think . i'd either accept that the ants are there to live , in which case you should get them to pay rent . or you know , flame thrower . : th_wink : nice thread . well , i will try to conquer all worlds considering that i'm a deity . ants ? where did ants come from ? : tongue : is it my amazing wit and charm ? i bet it is . : tongue : : unsure : golly . i find that incredibly annoying as well . : frustrating : i wish i had someone to dance with . or just my good companion to hug me . i miss his hugs . : unsure : thank you ! i might do that at some point : happy : i don't really have a death glare , i have a you have 5 seconds to explain before i fire you . glare though . : laughing : but i use that on very rare occasions . mostly i have a perpetually ... try explaining to her about what is going on . that is what i would do . good luck . i have decided that mr reese is batman , only without the costume . tired . had to deal with the most annoying person at lunch . such a drama queen is she . also went looking through various jobs that are open , even though i have one and am busy the rest of the time ... i just want money . ahahaha no wonder no one is applying for that job ! i mean seriously . other than travel and work experience , there's no benefit from it . i doubt the travel costs ( that you have to pay for out of ... platypus ? : unsure : that is one thing to take into account . but i bet the treasure will be worth it ! someone who isn't afraid of needles in their eyeball , but is afraid of skeletons next to treasure ? gosh . feeling a bit peculiar . the bank got my name wrong on my new card three times . and now the aa has sent my new license to my old address , even though i updated the information on their system ... '