xntj star wars : episode vi - return of the jedi happy juice xntx programmers lately i've been feeling like i can only feel happiness under the influence of drugs / alcohol and i've been constantly having panic attacks that last for hours at a time . who's your daddy on steam . best concept for a mindlessly fun game . this is one of my favorites get this song out of my head , please . i laugh constantly and gain the patience of a saint . i would try to find used copies online . you might be able to get a decent deal on ebay / craigslist considering how much older the game is . don't bother paying full price for the games because they're ... was going through old game soundtracks that i used to play and found this track again . it's hard for me to go back to 2 after playing 3 and 4 because you can't place objects diagonally . that reason alone makes me feel like 3 and 4 have a more organic tool for interior design . i live in a heavily forested valley . nature will always feel like home to me for that reason . i can't recommend one piece enough to you because it's exactly what you're looking for . it gets a lot of shit because of the original 4kids dub airing on toonami , but it's honestly a fantastic ... watch this man not speak up even though heâx 80x99s pret ... | clickhole my favorite part is that it actually confused me , thinking the wrong video played for a moment . i like to show off occasionally . pokemon yellow since the original games were just re-released on the 3ds . i've also been obsessively playing super mystery dungeon because it's the most fun i've had with a jrpg since smt 4 and ... i speak english and some french . i plan on learning more french , german , and spanish at some point in the future . i typed myself as an infp before learning more about cognitive functions and during a state of teenage angst . i learned that there's a difference between being a feeler and just being bummed out a ... addicted to madden mobile for whatever reason . it's everything i generally hate about a game , and yet i can't stop playing it . one piece serious jokingly the album is 22 years old today it's been said a million times already , but he's very much estp . you have to realize that everything trump does is for attention , not that he actually plans on doing anything worthwhile unless it ... according to this article , the only good games that isfjs like are the zelda games . jokes aside , i like a plethora of games so it's kinda right for me ( intj ) , but it's leaving out quite a bit ... last friday my dog had to be put down after dealing with cancer for the past few months . it didn't really hit me until the day after , but it's so jarring how different things are already in my house ... intjs like to mull over things , and sometimes things don't always ' hit ' one right away . just from personal experience i can say that sometimes things don't even hit me emotionally until a few days ... some of those are on point , but trump is very much an estp . here's a few more random people . bill burr ( comedian ) - estp diogenes of sinope ( philosopher ) - isfp eiichiro oda ( one piece ...    i seriously need to play that game . didn't get around to playing it until this month and i've got to say that it's already one of my top 3 2d zelda games . i know it's a parallel to ages , but it overall feels like a stronger game than ... don't think i've laughed this hard at something like this in a long time ( for yu-gi-oh ! fans ) .  the correct way ; medium-rare . every stage of grief within a few seconds don't look now , but i heard the police and your parents outside of your house . entp babysitter  