' it's gaki no tsukai ya arahende and this particular scene is from their no laughing high school punishment game . people like that make me laugh , rather than piss me off : laughing : though saying that , it used to annoy me years ago , but i just laugh at it now . lol , all this talk about as god is my witness reminds me of gone with the wind my favourite game series ' are final fantasy , 龍が如くu 3000 ( known as yakuza in the english versions ) , football manager and total war . thanks . i'll look into that ! i have a question for fellow intjs - what does having a crush on someone feel like ? being aromantic , i've never experienced anything like it so i'm completely clueless about this crush phenomenon ... like negapanda , i'm asexual and believe marriage to be a bad idea ( for the record , my parents are still together and no one in my family has had a divorce , so my opinions on marriage aren't based on ... i play guitar , piano and violin . i also compose music . i'm not romantic at all . i don't think i've ever done anything that can be considered romantic , so i can't answer the second question : tongue : i'm probably one of the few people around here who hates debates ; arguing about something subjective seems like a huge waste of time to me , but if people enjoy that sort of thing then i won't stop ... i know english and japanese . for programming languages , i used to be pretty good with c + + , pascal and basic ( that was a long time ago though ) . still remember some bits though ( need to get back into ... no , i wouldn't be offended at all because it's true ! lol , definitely not true for me . my disorder isn't listed anywhere on there . my younger brother has aspergers . he's in his early 20s now and not as bad as he used to be , but he still has his moments ... i don't know if this is typical of all people with apsergers , but he pays ... i consider asexuality a gift : tongue : one less thing in life to worry about . i can focus my mind on other things without worrying about falling victim to these primitive urges , lol . i'll never have children ; being a father is something i have absolutely no interest in ... besides , i'd make a crap father anyway : tongue : i don't : tongue : i hate the taste of bacon and beer literally makes me sick . the nf forums disturb me . yeah , this is exactly why i think he's intp . lol , i think i'll have to use that response when people say that to me : laughing : ( not that anyone would say it , but oh well : tongue :) ... sex ? no thanks , i'm fine without it : happy : no women like me : tongue : my favourite subject was music : cool : what necromancy is this ? : shocked : the dead have risen ! lol , i had never even heard of tumblr before i read this thread : unsure : i hardly interact with people i know , so interacting with strangers is completely out of the question for me : tongue : i also never do this people watching thing . so many people seem to enjoy people ... not all rap is about money ! check out this japanese rap about milk : laughing : best subject for a rap i've ever heard of . for me , it depends ; i don't usually waste my time with insignificant details , but i do care about details that i consider to be important . lol , my korean is very weak so i didn't understand much of it , but it did made me laugh : laughing : apparently mine is 26,900 . i very rarely read fiction , but i do occasionally read non-fiction books . that's exactly what i was going to say : tongue : a good plan is one that can be easily changed when necessary . so , i wouldn't say my plans go perfectly to the exact detail , because i adapt when the situation calls for it : happy : i usually think ... the reason i failed in school ( i say failed , but i passed every exam even though i didn't study for any of them ... so my idea of failed here is not doing particularly well in any of them ) is ... [ / randomness ] * runs away * he's saying that no matter how hard you try to help someone , unless that person truly has the will to improve themselves as people , you won't be able to help them . those people who aren't interested ... unless you're aromantic :p roud : this is precisely why i refuse to use ebay . i really hate it when this happens to me . i spend ages thinking how the hell did i miss that ! ? and usually end up concluding well , i guess i'm just an idiot : tongue : i don't even have a driver's license : tongue : never bothered to get one and probably never will ( cars don't interest me at all ) . lol , i ventured there when my curiosity got the best of me once ... needless to say , it was a rather disturbing experience : unsure : what the fuck am i watching ! ? one's sexual orientation has nothing to do with personality type : wink : so , i wouldn't say any type is more likely to be bisexual / pansexual / demisexual than another type . for me it's equally awkward with both sexes . i agree ; the amount of time i waste thinking about something rather than actually doing something disturbs me . i wish i could just go out and enjoy life , but my brain doesn't let me : tongue : lol , these situations , along with hugs , are some of the most awkward moments of my life . luckily for me , people i don't know particularly well don't usually talk to me anyway : tongue : but when they ... professor james moriarty , from the sherlock holmes short story the final problem . ( well , that's who i thought he was talking about , at least ) '