' like no one ever was . i have learnt to find a spot between perfection and practical . more often than not , perfections require enormous cost and specialities . it is better to make thing viable and ... wear something that fits you . clothes without proper fit make you look sloppy . sweater and navy blazer makes you look professional without going over the top . you might also want to change the ... i think it is probably due to the extraverted nature of it , in general . fi are more subdued in appearance compared to fe , and therefore are perceived less intrusive . do you guys emulates the whole thing ? the tone , the mannerisms in speech , and the voice ? jealousy is a reaction . i mean , you did not actively trying to be jealous of something or someone . you just are . you may or may not act upon jealousy . like any emotions , you just have to acknowledge ... just my legs whenever i sit . just your regular , everyday potatoes . 172cm and around 60kg . it should be around 5 ' 8 and 132lbs . are lab reports theoretical or practical assignment ? that aside , i honestly do mind either . i usually gets excited for a research assignment for a day , roughly . mainly because i have new things to ... i see . fascinating . actually , we have excess of 57.331 seconds each day , which will adds up to roughly a day every four years . to answer your question , though , i do not know specific datem ... big family gatherings . it is more of i could not be bothered for this . , though . i would probably attribute it to memory are not anchored to a specific point of time , rather to what happens in a chain of events . heh , i don't mind being called bullshit at my current frame of mind . anyway , i try to respond to your points in similar format . time is quite a useful construct in say , farming . while it is true ... it may be hard to create human with wing , or even human with elvish ear using genetics . you could slice genes into your dna , provided that said genes are small in size . you also need to ensure ... for some reason , whenever i learn a new word , said word will pop up everywhere . this may be explained by me simply pay more attention to said word . i do not believe that movement of heavenly bodies dictates my fate . that being said , i find the birth chart profile fascinating . any profiles in general are fascinating to me since it try to capture ... i am always intrigued by people who have something that they believe in , that they are willing to fight tooth and nail to get it . it provide a nice contrast against me . when i have 5 hours of adventure in dream in 30 minutes of nap , how could i be certain that said adventure run for 5 hours ? it may be possible that all i see in my dream are simply snapshots of 5 ... that being said , mbti are also pseudoscience in which it could not be experimentally replicated , unlike , say , big five in psychology . however , i partake in both mbti and astrology simply because it ... aside the technicalities of the post structure , it is entirely possible that you and him are talking about different things whilst talking the same thing . here are a couple of questions that i ... the thing that i have learnt is that something is a disorder if it impedes your daily life significantly . otherwise , it is simply a trait . also , what constitute as significant impedement is quite ... why some people did not take time to reflect . though i am more curious on how they reach said conclusion . well , a friend of mine said that i have no singular taste in music . if a self-regulating organism is considered to be intelligent , then the earth is intelligent , according to gaia theory . while i do agree the list outlined in the op , i can't exactly be bothered to make enemies . it is too tiresome to keep track . well , i tend to either dismiss or clarify nuanced arguments simply because there are too many ways to intepret said argument . i don't think i'm an intj but i just feel like replying . all the dreams that i could remember upon waking up is realistic , i . e . , things that may be happening in real life . hence i tend to confuse ... duality is the common theme i sense when people try to describe me . another friend call me a realistic dreamer , to my amusement . due to the presence of bin [ father's name ] which would be my last name , my first name which is also my real name would be ahmad izwandie . i'm using arabic origin due to the tradition of choosing ... i don't know about you . stepping outside to get some fresh air seems to be working for me to recharge my energy . i just follow the logical flow , in a sense . my highschool focuses on science , which i don't particularly dislike or sucks at . this leads me to getting a degree in biotechnology . i like medical stuffs ... everything could be interpreted in multitude of ways . that's why i try to take it at the face value and reply texts using the first impression i got from it . otherwise my replies would be full of ... are we really free from biases , and by that extension , prejudice ? i drank moderately , and currently still drunk . had a wee bit too many cocktails and shots with my friends . i do think that the rules in vegas applies here as well . especially when you're smashed . ... somehow i'm tempted to say that i only know how to etch letters onto a stone tablets . though the very act of posting this renders previous statement false . i'm pretty sure the clone is you in your biological age . if the clone is a baby i'd probably be inclined to act as some sort of mentor . i'd prefer genetic clone though parallel dimension clones does ... it doesn't really matter to me ; the important thing is when it is due . well , in ancient times education is almost an exclusive luxuries . it is followed by 3 education skills ( arithmetic , reading and spelling ) becoming the norm . next , almost everybody required to attend ... it is interesting to see that most of the answer lies between 7 and 9 . now if the available data extrapolated into human population , the graph will be largely skewed . tranquil , probably . then again , i hardly remember things prior the age of 13 . 2 set of twins , though not at the same time . the mother figure for said children are optional though . intelligence for me is the competencies in doing sh-stuffs . it could be something of intellectual , emotional , physical , spiritual , anything really . it's fairly limiting that people tends to ... very clean . and by that i meant i haven't entered the bedroom in the past month . i probably needs to clean it up sometimes soon . i'm confused in the quoted part . being able to talk about things without being upset does not means being able to talk about personal things without being upset . i could talk about morbid , taboo ... similar case for me , though i applied for a single scholarship because that's what everyone around me told me to do . i just pick biotechnology because i thought genetic engineering is kinda cool with ... since we're talking a building a house analogy , here's a bit of generalization : nt comes up with the plan of building a house ( not a plan , plan . more like an architecture plan ) . sp will start ... it's not really a misspelling but sometimes i jumble up the first part of the word with the second part of the following word . it could be 2 or 288 , though i'm leaning to 288 . my reason is that while the operations within the parenthesis is given the priority , the number next to the number in the parenthesis is counted as ... aside from apathy , i'm amused . '