' as the title states ... what are some tips / ideas to go about changing your own personality ? i know , everyone's unique and blah blah , but i met this person who just blew my mind . i actually raised my ... i've been singing since i was young . now i even compose , and i'm still young technically - i'm 17 . i'm able to match my vocal tone to the song , sometimes even identify what chord tone i'm singing . my ... big mistake . never , ever tell someone you love them just because you pity them and want them to hear you say that . if you knew what women liked , you'd be honest . i made this mistake when i was 14 , ... lonely . i haven't been able to talk to the girl i like for quite some time . : frustrating : as a composer , it's hard to choose a favorite ! but maybe trumpets combined with horns in an orchestra . the forte / fortissimo sound you get with trumpets while they play a melody is just freaking ... if i became an ambassador ... i'd be pretty fat and lazy . sounds less than stellar . :p roud : crap . - i hate ocd : c good luck . is this a thread where everyone has to say yes ? or can i say no ? ^ ^ i'm definitely quite far from having no commitment , for example , i said i'd finish making the music for an indie game by ... hobbs i am very sorry to hear about your parents . when i was younger , i thought the very idea of a relationship is just silly , because i used to watch my parents fighting pretty much ... try looking at it this way : do you judge other people for every little thing they do ? then why would they do it to you ? and if you do judge them , then does it matter ? did you cure cancer by ... meril haha , i remember that movie from a long time ago . very adventurous and scary at the same time :p roud : that's actually sort of what my grandma used to say : the highest proof of love is fidelity . not sure if that makes any sense in english since i had to translate it . :p roud : by the way , ... bubbleboy your avatar , from a distance , kind of reminds me of ashton kutcher . you should have no problems man : laughing : i don't see what's wrong with bdsm or any other thing you and your parter finds sexy for sexy time , personally . if the two of you are okay with it , then whatever . for example , i've never been into ... hobbs because for people like me , marriage feels like the officialization of the commitment . just living together feels a bit off , sometimes . but maybe you wouldn't understand . it's a ... you're such a dilldough , lol . but seriously , he trusts you as a friend to support him , not laugh at him and his feelings . if i were in his position and you made fun of me like that , i ... actually , i think it's best to keep changing ourselves daily . there are always mistakes in us that we should correct , and trying to stop yourself from changing will only let those ... well , i guess our relationship is pretty good . i mean , i hang around my parents everyday and i hug my mother before going to sleep . but there's a lot of compromise on my side since they are religious ... hey , sorry to hear what happened . what said was true and i think it's pretty good advice ( or maybe a warning , too ) , but i just felt like i should nose in and express my feelings on this . i ... no , it's simply what he believes sex to be . he's also saying that he doesn't mind other people's opinion on what sex is or isn't . me too . : tongue : forsakenme and that's how to not find an infj . : laughing : anyways , regardless , well anyhow , etc . should all be in the same category , right ? 1 ) bullocks , i can't think of anything as cool as the op can . no lyrics . i'll just let this song's powerful harmony and melody speak for itself :p roud : phal best second option ever . but in my case , some reasons to live are : stargazing , watching the rain , listening to music , loving the fact that you are conscious and can see the world around ... phal but i hate chocolate : angry : depends on a person's maturity , mostly . i can't speak for all infjs obviously , but when i'm in a relationship , i prefer to initiate all the hugging , kissing and other naughty things . but that's after ... how lucky we are to be who and what we are . chances are that the exact same particles and scientific nonsense no-one cares about that make up our body , could have just ended up as a chair , water , or ... when i'm wild : hiroyuki oda appears out of nowhere when i'm not wild : every other time : kitteh : i like where this is going . your friend is a douchebag . i'm currently composing for a developer , he's fairly new but he's been coding and programming for 4 years now . he's also been drawing and doing pixel stuff for a long ... the crow care to tell us some of the things you learned from it , friend ? :p roud : sounds devastating . i'm in no position to tell you what kind of person you should look for , but still , i'd say someone similar . not many infj women are interested in infj men , though , so finding a ... yes . i sure as hell would feel tempted , but my preference would still be to fall deeper in love with one person rather than mildly with two . although the fact that they are both my ... well , , i'm not sure i see the point of saying oh well this and that is natural . aren't you conveying your thoughts through man-made machines ? is that unnatural ? don't you consider ... i'm more interested in why intps tend to ask the strangest questions ever : laughing : that's a hard question , man . i guess the obliviousness has to do with the more inexperienced infjs , as in , the ones who haven't had their heart broken yet . it sounds more like a maturing process than ... i'm not sure about other infj guys but this is where you can usually find me : kitteh : ( if you can ... ) first and biggest would be in my room , or in an instrument shop , just staring at guitars and ... jenecis you're an australian infj ? now that's a rare breed indeed ! i know this because i dated someone there for three weeks ( till she finally got on my last nerve and i had to end it ... shortest ... wow , so many atheists here ! come visit the infj forums , we currently have 2 infj atheists ( including me ) and counting ! polite intjs ... i have actually met some , so i can definitely confirm that they exist ! they aren't so affectionate but they're pretty cool . i don't know much about intps so i'll lurk their forum for ... jawz well i guess that makes sense . i'm glad op found a source for the statistics though . there are many websites that just throw 1 % - 5 % randomly and it doesn't really make much sense to me ... i've been to singapore before , it's a beautiful city / island , but i never encountered anyone that remotely resembles an infj . majority of them were businessmen buying connies at 711 . i made ... ah i see ... i have a friend who's an istp , but she's canadian . and she pretty much has zero interest in relationships , but she's capable of holding a deep conversation for hours and it feels like ... infjs and enfjs make a good pair ? i'm a bit interested in knowing more about why this would work but so far i'm more into personality incest . : frustrating : i've dated many extroverts but i felt most ... hal 9000 that pretty much sums up what i usually do , except i don't draw now as much as i used to :( but for video games , i usually stick to older stuff , such as ff tactics advance or chrono ... emerald sea that death glare has saved me countless times when i was much younger , usually from bullies and their attempts to make me do something bad , like smoking . i just laugh picturing how ... well , last friday night i remember watching youtube videos like some borat , ali-g stuff , or watching a funny let's-play of a horror game , and sharing witty jokes i find online , with my online friends ... your best chance at finding an infj : right here . sometimes , even i'm surprised when i look at infj pictures . some of them look like tough guys , others look like super-annoying feminists but in ... '