' clear introversion : 17/21 clear intuition : 22/26 clear thinking : 19/24 slight judging : 13/22 narcissistic those were my results . would you consider that to be a fairly accurate test ? newmango what makes you think stp ? i took the test a few times since i guessed it would give me varying answers each time , here you go . 547410  5474 18 547426 thanks for the response ... i've been identifying as intj for a while now , but have previously gone back and forth between that , istp , and infj . i've already started a shitton of other threads so i'll just keep it short ! ... the four toed creed thanks so much ! i've just been mulling over this for a bit and needed some outside input . your explanation was great had totally forgotten about the ti factor and nope , wasn't ... haha , it's fine ! i've taken those tests a helluva lot of times but not very recently so i'll have a go again now . introverted ( i ) 65.52 % extroverted ( e ) 34.48 % intuitive ( n ) 61.11 % ... the four toed creed nope , still wondering . and haha , thanks ! : tongue : it's been pretty difficult discerning between the two for myself , specifically because they're both so commonly misunderstood . well , from the beginning ( dating from about 5 years ago ) , i've ... emma mueller what makes you say introvert ? personally , i've ruled out inxp because i don't see any ne in elliot . but i'm curious , for those of you saying he is a ne user , could you elaborate on how ne manifests itself in his personality ? since you seem to be quite confident that elliot is an intj ( and i would agree so ) , how would you explain elliot's statement of is this what it's like to come to a conclusion ? ( as ... shameless nations if tyrell turns out to be an isfp , i will be thoroughly pleased as i haven't seen an isfp villain in media , at least not that i know of . nichya they remind me of the underwoods ... oh , just remembered , why esfp as opposed to isfp for shayla ? joanna seems ntj not nfj from the little we've seen of her . she's the far more competent half of the partnership . thanks for ... nichya is there a ti version of elliot's behavior ( the way he speaks of and observes others ) or do ti users generally not commit themselves to the way elliot acts at all ? ( sorry if the question ... nichya is there a ti version of elliot's behavior ( the way he speaks of and observes others ) or do ti users generally not commit themselves to the way elliot acts at all ? ( sorry if the question ... nichya purely so that i can understand te / ti more , could you explain how elliot's thought process appears so blatantly te ? also , if darlene is an sp , i'd say estp then . so at the moment , i'm ... shameless nation okay , did some reading up again . found this post . though i don't side with infp so much since i don't see much ne , i guess infj does make sense . now i'm a bit 50/50 on either ... elliot : i can understand your case for fe user , but i'm not sure if his loneliness would be the cause instead . i guess the determining factor would be te vs ti but i'm not very familiar with ti , so ... fairly new tv series , but i've been hooked since its beginning . elliot - - - seems like the most popular types for him have been intj , intp , and infp . personally view him as a fi-user , so either ... renatoborges regarding your comments about his intuition , that's exactly what i thought . his lyrics come across so nish ( terrible choice of adjectives ) , yet from the other threads i've read ... well , if he were isfp as others suggested , he would be se / ni . i've always thought his ni was far more prominent than se , but then again , i've got a shit understanding of cognitive functions so who ... i've a fish , two turtles , and a bearded dragon . used to have a dog but had to give her away because i was moving . hoping to move again sometime soon and adopt a dog or a cat . i don't have a ... i've made quite a few ( what an understatement ) threads here in the past . repeatedly typed as intj , but have always had some kind of feeling that i'm not ? instead of answering bland questions again , ... i can understand ixfp , but is there any particular reason you favor isfp over infp ? why s over n ? recently been intrigued by the guy . the new act accompanying the arrival of arctic monkeys ' am album seems more like a persona / alter ego than anything . i'm certain he's an introvert , but that's ... here you go . so many apologies for the stuttering and weird voices and so much mumbling and pausing and restating phrases . maybe someone can get through this recording of crap and help ? ... would answering one of the given questionnaires here do any good in better determining my functions ? or is here a better way to do this ? got entj the first time , and intp the second ( which is strange because ne is definitely not within my function stack ) . entj was close ( r ) though . sorry for the delayed response . if i am an istp , how would that ti come into play ? i know very little about ti , and have always assumed te was among my function stack . along with that , ... i definitely do use fe in great amounts , but the only reason i don't believe i actually have fe as one of my functions is that i think it's more of a forced habit than one's that natural . most of ... recently , i've started noticing that i'm more focused on doing to the point that i'm somewhat impulsive . i also act more extroverted than i remember i have acted in the past , and being in the ... i haven't obsessively been posting in this sub for eternity , but i'm not a virgin either . in the past , i questioned my type , leaving it up to intx , but now it's becoming more of an xntj issue . ... though i've no firm stance on levi's type and thus cannot disagree with you entirely , i must say that i do not believe that your argument fully rejects other types . i'm sure that other types can ... have been rereading the series again since i'm too lazy to pull out books from my shelves . the one i'm most curious about is why you typed crowfeather as estj . he seems istp to me , or maybe ... seconding the babbling nonsense habit . i've also developed somewhat of a filter around people , but if i'm in the company of someone i'm interested in , my brain just kind of bails on me , and the ... ping : 12 ms download speed : 31.46 mbps upload speed : 24.79 mbps great guy , first saw him in inglourious basterds , and just started the office a day ago . i think he's some sort of nt , maybe intx ? anyway , here's an interview , and ... oh , it's alright ! thank you , though , for the input . nope , none of the above . biologically female and identify as one . still a student . doing alright at the moment . image is here . nothing all too special here , though i'll note that i'm pretty ... mother : istj father : gets istj on tests but seems more istp / intp to me mother seems to fit the strict , perfectionist parent . dad doesn't seem so emotionally unstable , but he does have some ... i voted 5w4 since i identify as one , but in tests , i get both 5w4 and 5w6 . just interested in intjs ' interactions and relationships with other types . enfps - close friend is one . get along great , but i think that is mostly due to the fact that we have similar views ... can anybody prove to me why levi isn't istp rather than intj ? i see both types as equally possible . perhaps i'm missing something ? yes ! exactly ! i agree . i don't see him as much of an extrovert . dot pixis seemed like some xntp , but i'm probably stereotyping here . always thought enjolras was an entj and javert to be an istj . why'd you type enjolras as an enfp ? welcome . i'm a 13 year old intj , but i've gone through a long process of determining my mbti type , which may or may not change within the next few years . we're both still developing so it's ... how'd you type erwin as an entj ? you also make a very convincing argument regarding the possibility of levi being an intj . i've earned the title demon-child this way . but yes , there have been loads of incidents in which i've sent accidental death glares . agreed . it's probably also best to avoid getting caught up in stereotypes . '