' i've recently graduated with a bachelor's of commerce and boy , i don't feel relieved at all . i've been looking for a full-time job related to my degree ( business analyst positions ) for a few months ... i've recently graduated with a bachelor's of commerce and boy , i don't feel relieved at all . i've been looking for a full-time job related to my degree ( business analyst positions ) for a few months ... i am constantly told by other women that i'm different from the rest and i think that's due to my infpness , but i've never been able to get past the friendship point . i feel all the tension ( in terms ... i just recently got my bachelor's in business tech management and i can see where you are coming from . many times i've heard it was okay to be abstract , but i never see any proof of that . i don't ... i'm sorry to hear you're in so much turmoil because of anti-psychotics . i do want to empathize with you as i've experienced that initially with anti-psychotics ( i have bipolar disorder ) , but i know i ... <--- meow . i'm really upset that people still have the nerve to bully others because they are different than them in some way . unfortunately as an infp , we tend not to understand why people treat us poorly ... honestly i hate competition , too . i dislike trying to prove myself to others because it's not part of my value , but it makes me feel terrible when people seem to misunderstand me and categorize me as ... aessidhe : i've done that before , gay guys usually go for me . some guys think i'm a girl , too . serenitylala : yeah i mean , i don't act effeminate in real life really . i do hold doors and whatnot for ... wasted on anime . i find that a bunch of males i come across online hate me . it's weird because it looks to me like a bunch of males love infp females . maybe it's because they think i'm too feminine or emasculate ... 242473 - . ^ : 3 i feel alone 24/7 . metal / metalcore , rap , rnb , trance , chillstep , d & b . anything that soothes me . you might think metal and rap couldn't possibly make you relaxed , but when the words hit close to home , it makes you ... there isn't . like many have said before , i cannot snap out of it . while i do have my happy moments , i've been mostly depressed since a very young age . being an infp , you just feel a lot more empathy to people and ... he / she goes out of his way to prove to you that you're special to them . i used to dress very baggy because i grew up around people who did the same . we were all interested in the hip-hop / rap scene back then . now , i try to dress business casual when i feel like i need to ... i think that's normal with everyone to be honest . perhaps more so with infps but i don't think it's vastly greater . yeah i think i'm a shy enfp too . recently i've been going out a lot and i absolutely love social interactions . in fact , this morning i did the personality test again and i came back as enfp - ... i am so damn terrible at presentations because i am unable to follow through with my train of thought . i am usually very confident but as soon as i mess up i start panicking . my last one was so ... an exaggeration , but yes , that's how i am . feeling like there's absolutely nothing that can bring me up , yet too hopeless to even cry about it like i want to . i dread falling in love . because i fall for someone too easily , and fall into some bottomless pit that i can never fully recover from , even if someone pulled me out . i've tried to think with optimism ... honestly , i feel too depressed for this world atm . i don't know if living for the future or dying for the future . i'm not in a relationship anymore but when i was in one , it was heartbreaking to say the least . i've always felt like i'm needy and take things that are said to me to heart . i always find a way to ... i always seem to do better at 1 on 1 conversations . its much more deep and thoughtful than when i socialize in a group . but there are times when i just stay silent and enjoy it . and sometimes i think ... i seem to get a lot of bad luck these days . i was fined $ 155 for not having fishing license today . my fault but geez these checkups are so rare yet i was caught . fated . just like me and you being together . yes i've been attracted to girls ever since i was in grade 4 . i remember almost all the names of those i've crushed on . edit : just realized this was addressed to the infjs . sorry . thank you for summing up most of the approaches to my way of living . pretty freaked out . i honestly don't know what to think of my infpness in terms of relationships . sometimes i hate myself for being too idealistic , and other times i feel like i'm doing the right ... ryan gosling . vietnamese-canadian here . no luck so far . : c trying to eyeball you guys . figure of speech ... but hey - us infps seem to give death stares , don't we ? god that was creepy as hell . so damn confusing . i'd like to try someone who's an enfp . pretty much the extroverted side of me . i'd love an isfj too . i need someone who can bring me back down to earth when i start drifting off in my thoughts , ... hm that's really neat . you appear almost to be the exact opposite of me . i don't know if this can be attributed to personality type but i thought i'd give it a shot . do any of you infps hate and / or suck at a particular genre of games ? doesn't matter what kind - it ... gone girl - gillian flynn . thrillers are always close to my heart . my friend who's an infj says the same thing ! and i guess it's true but i think i can be just as busy and still text ... but idk . i guess it's better that you give me your complete attention but damn , ... sounds pretty interesting . here i go ... gender : male hair color : black hair style : disheveled all around ( medium-length hair / ~ 4 long ) eye shape : normal ? ( i'm asian but people say i have ... no , the criticism is fine . i can tolerate it as long as if there are objective reasons behind it . you understand a lot about how to structure a song . i do notice what you've said and shamefully i ... i prefer missing you over hate you . i like the darker sound of it . but ... i think i've been listening to a lot more of f ( x ) nowadays . 1:26 - ... it's incredible how cute mr . meepers is . i didn't think it could be possible for an infp to be so . usually it's the enfps or esfjs that are this cute . azzy : you misunderstood my question . i didn't say compliment , but rather complement . as in , how do we complete each other ? are we like potatoes and steak , or are we like orange juice and toothpaste ? why the hell do you infjs always seem to forget about us infps ? when we text , you would make it sound like you're in the mood for a rich conversation , but then reply back several hours later . it ... what connects you guys together ? don't ask close-ended questions . ask open-ended questions . how do you feel about that ? what makes you say that ? how does it play into all this ? think before you reply . it's okay to . it shows them ... '