' 8 year old entp : i dunno , how do i deal with dunning-kruger being acted out on internet forums ? this is utter ti-dominance to me . vocaroo | voice message his ti is probably so underdeveloped that he doesn't stop to question what is coming out of his mouth . given that his biggest influence is arguably jacques lacan , a batshit charlatan who abused his ... estj because of the controlling gaze in the sig most anarcho-capitalists probably have ass-burgers . moar like anarcho-autism , amirite ? some animals are more equal than others . my socks are blue and i have no idea what day it is . is batshit obscurantist a mbti type ? i've learned many things from this thread and will start applying them in real life . for one , every time i lose a foot race to someone who can run faster than me , i will no longer try to accept the ... godel , escher , bach . seriously a mindblowing book that will lead to a million mindfucks while you read it . anyone who has privilege should immediately have it removed to make it fair for everyone else . we should start with sports ; let's amputate the legs from kenyan runners so other , less privileged ... you know what this also sounds like ? confirmation bias .  esfp . serious . this should be in the debate or sex & relationships forums . why does this thread exist , much less in this forum ? why can't it just fuck off back to tumblr ? people who can't spell accept i heard that dayman can help . i don't like having political views , so instead i just ridicule everyone else's . i would live in prehistoric times so i could live in a cave and beat women with clubs . a serbian film . probably this . i have one best friend of about 13 years , but the rest has been unstable . i swap out friends every 1-2 years and haven't had a romantic relationship that lasted more than 2 years . listen to audiobooks . works for me . 6/10 for being overdone 3/10 for blur stop being such a pussy . how much was your tinfoil hat op ? - the world as will and presentation vols 1 and 2 ( aquila > payne ) - the poverty of historicism - critique of pure reason - the open society and its enemies ( also counts as 2 , but whatever ) - animal ... i designed my own test with the help of google and captain crunch , then proceeded to score a 180 on it . totally legit . the words not acceptable are gay . in seriousness , i find it disturbing that grown men crowd around a show aimed at prepubescent young girls . 8/ 10 would bang boring people . his distrust for social sciences most likely stemmed from his very negative experience with being evaluated by an army psychologist . zizek is an embarrassment to all entps . a total fucking charlatan . once you read surely you're joking ... and what do you are what other people think ? it will be painfully obvious that he is an entp poster child for a reason . specifically his obsession with ... schopenhauer is a total bro.http :/ / i.imgur.com/evn86.jpg loaded question - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia obvious estp crutching on the teleprompter . if it's the one i'm thinking of , i thought it was worthy of ridicule as well . some people like to claim others as their own type . esfj do a barrel roll . i've only read the first book . he's an annoying shithead in print and on screen . i also just equipped a + 5 keyboard of aggro , which increases my chances of receiving overly assumptive and ... '