' i don't know about you guys , but for me all kinds of self-reflection is a huge part of my everyday life and now and again i'm overwhelmed by completely new realizations about myself i never really ... ah , family ! all those lovely , totally fucked up relationships ! hate some , adore a few , can ... i don't believe i'm generally talked into things easily . if my initial reaction's nah , then i stick to it and don't do it ( unless being forced , but that's another thing completely i guess ) . i do ... i've kept saying for years now how this may be the most honest song i've ever heard , if that's the same thing . it almost creeps me out how much i relate to pretty much every line . like ... i've even ... i have literally no clue about any of those characters , but looked them up real fast . leaning towards entp . not all necessarily my top 5 favorite characters . but the 5 i believe might share ... : that one's indeed straight up disturbing . : laughing : the turner : love nick cave . i'd only heard where the wild roses grow out of those before , but the other two was very ... i have this theory , or whatever , that ( especially ) a lot of nfs ( though often without realizing it ) tend to have a thing for songs that , apart from being love songs in general , also has that ... i've heard people call remus lupin an infp before . i can't say i agree , but so i've heard ( and actually quite a lot of times too ) . thoughts ? i love the idea of merope being infp . i think it kind ... so , i'm done with these a day later than expected , but some of them were so hard . : bored : ( i probably also should add these contains a little bit of gore ) . insinuating esfj's shit stinks too : ... lady amalthea ( / unicorn ) & prince lir from the last unicorn ( + two hearts ) happy halloween , everyone ! calling enfj out on bullshit : enfp dealing with rejection : ... i think most of them are pretty accurate . however .. 6 . just to first clear this out of the way : my art's not great . and this isn't something i say just to seem modest or because i want people to ... i have characteristics of schizophrenia ( whatever that means ) but i've never been diagnosed as schizophrenic . i do have episodic psychosis ( with delusions , hallucinations , paranoia and ... truth is .. if i actually tried to commit to making such a list to begin with , the list itself would probably just become a wip as well . :p roud : might need help to re-type these afterwards ( feel free to correct me ) . but i'll give it a try ... 1 . the last unicorn ( 1982 ) amalthea / the unicorn - inxj 2 . perfume : the story of a murderer ... i'm on the backside of the moon still hoping someday it will bloom here don't try to count them ' cause you can't know how many days that i have ...  too many awesome dogs in one thread . <3 : kitteh : i don't have much of a fixed preference outside asdfghjkl i love dogs ! ! ! preferably mine , but any dog goes , really . : tongue : it's more like ... what are your prefered breed / s of dog ? why do they appeal to you ? what breed / s have you had in the past ? and what breed / s do you currently have ? pictures , gifs , videos etc to back-up how ... sunday is emo , and so on ..   one plus one : wink : / then there's of course this years winner of esc ..   although i strongly prefer the italian verison ..   only one at a time , right ? meh ! at the quality and it's quite an oldie . still a good song , though . : kitteh : ok , here comes the other 8 now .. enfj entp ... can't because .. 1 . gif 2 . people finding out how bitter i actually am ? nevah ! 3 . deactivated my account 2 years ago . :p roud : love birds . especially all types of raptors ( falcons are my favorites , but i also really like owls ) . something just happens to my emotions when i see one ( like .. infpness overload ) . there are a few ... off the top of my head .. enfp entj esfp ... if i've grasped any understanding about the types : to be honest , if you can actually type 1-5 year olds , i must've started off an isfj ( like my one parent ) to begin with . age 6-12 i'd say a pretty ... don't - ever - shit all over my great mood by making pessimistic remarks like enjoy summer while it lasts ' cause it will soon be over in july ! : frustrating : 100 % accurate . my current close surroundings consists almost exclusively of my complete opposites in that way . like .. they're not bad people or anything ( actually almost every single person i'm close ... more so in-person , i'd say . i can see this pattern in family , colleagues .. even friends .. interactions with me and other usually more low-key people . i don't think it's any specific topics - not that ... stealing other people's ideas ( especially without crediting them for it in any way ) . this happens to me all the time in social situations . most of the time it's relatively benign , of course . like ... '