' random multiplication . you know how some people draw random shapes while talking on the phone ? ( i do that as well ) . well , sometimes i will pick a random number , multiply it by two , then take the ... i wonder if other novelists do what i do . now , there are certain stories that i do read for pleasure , but then there are stories that i call ' exercise stories ' . i do not read them for pleasure . my ... gettin ' my michael jackson on . and the remix . aren't your wings the nearby numbers ? ( ie . 8 either has a 7 or 9 wing ) . i identify most with 8w9 though , entps tend to be typed as 8s , no ? i love me a pale white woman . with dark hair ? wooo . actually it dont even matter . redhead , brunette , blonde , whatever . bring it . i don't know ... i have this feeling that i might have been an entp all along . i read an excerpt from that neuroscience of personality book and according to nardi , entps heavily rely on their right ... meh , not doing any mixtapes really . for the past two weeks or so i've been recording little snippets like this . i just might put them all into a rar file and put it up for download . maybe i'll do an ... just finished recording this : yeah i got that radio voice . feel the same . i like to print my books out on paper and read them . something about reading online that discourages focus . could be the glare from light , i don't know , but i find that i absorb more ... i thought i wasn't a hoarder until i looked around my room and realized i had accumulated 4 pc towers , 4 soundcards , two of which do not work / not compatible , that i haven't thrown away or sold yet . ... old fashion caveman club , got it . thanks for the advice . should i use a 2x4 to secure me a mate , or should i go with the good old fashion cavemen flinstones ' club ? feasting on chicken bosom . i don't care about the infraction man . the insult was worth it . excuse me , i have to go make some money . as long as you are not an asshole , i have no problem but judging by your posting habits here , you wouldn't last 10 minutes with my strong female siblings . they would destroy your little ego in record ... do you feel like a loser ? hobbies : writing short novels ( fairly new - on my fourth , no don't ask what it is . not confident enough to share it on here at least ) . music production , rapping , ... ego . all types . not a fan of forced , over done humor . i realize some people respond to this ; i do not . finished writing a few words for chapter 10 . waiting for dinner and writing a to-do list for work . oh , and casually trolling these boards , but not really ; kind of . maybe . nah . slight possibility ... nah . we are here to stay . the power of deez nutz . nah but seriously ; i'm only about 35 % invested in this debate , if that's what you want to call it . this thread was a bait thread to begin with and it seemed like it's ... my people built it . we are mighty people . strong and mighty , and blessed with the ancient wisdom of the cosmos . a few of us are here to guide you mammals . strong ... is a strong word . interesting last sentence ; one wonders why a person would add that after your ' strong will survive ' sentence . perhaps i am over analyzing . yeah , i am . whatever . i welcome the mixing of all races . i do not fear it ; i do not run from it . a rational human being who has observed the patterns of the times will come to realize this is the end result ; especially if ... super triggered . also , not fully black . half alien . i accept that warning / infraction / etc with pride . with , brown culture pride , shall i say ? what , are you going to report me for that too ? no shit , moron . stop being a moron . all colors will eventually be phased out , if we keep mixing the way we are . what are you whining about ? white people tend to fear it more than any other race ; and it is hilarious . that will be the ... christ this boron and magnesium got me feeling relaxed ... a little too relaxed , to be honest . haven't felt like this for a while . it ' a good feeling but odd , meh , whatever . gotta get some vagina . ... not sure what to say here so ... no clue , but it is hilarious . offense ? boy , you too weak for me . good luck finding your victim though , troll . you don't want to understand anything , as noted by your spamming of threads in regard to european migration , etc . no doubt you frequent one of those white supremacist sites and you are playing the ... i don't know if you've realized , but brown people have had well functioning cultures and societies way before europeans knew what society was . africans had thriving kingdoms when europeans were ... i unload trucks for a living and i'm walking at least 7 miles per day , so yeah , i exercise all week . edit , and no , i did not exercise today . it's my day off lol . writing chapter 9 of my fourth short novel . hm , i see progress . that basically me when i watch the defenders . i'll find myself browsing my phone and before i know it , the episode is over and i have to re-watch . i don't know ; i think marvel is burning people out ... couldn't make it past episode one without falling asleep . that show and daredevil . i got through iron fist and luke cage though . watching some videos on narcissists . funny coincidence ? probably . in numerology my life path is 22 , a master number . when i chart my birthdate in astrology , my sun sign falls exactly on 22 degrees scorpio . how wild is that ? haha ... brought this standing punching bag thing . filling it with water and then i'm going to kick the shit out of it . isfp enfp food . on the bus now and can't wait to get home to eat . in regards to the acquisition of intelligence , artistic potential , and adherence to certain principles , virtues and values , men and women are not different . but that is where it stops . though , ... what is friend ? such an odd word . hmm , i guess it is settled . my results , when answering the opposite to what i normally answer gave me esfp . that is the shadow of intj . on tests i consistently get intj so iguess i'm the real deal ... i remember reading a face book thread where a scenario was introduced : if you went out on a first date with a guy and he gave you 25 to gamble and you lost ; then he gave you another 25 and you ... mr . 22 west or just mr 22 west if periods can't be used . much thanks to the mod gods who govern these glorious lands . '