' 1 . what's your myers briggs type ? istp 2 . would you ever approach this person ? not likely . 3 . why or why not ? i don't introduce myself to people . i talk to people if i need to communicate with ... ski and board technician at a resort when i was 15 . i already knew the owners because i live nearby and skiied there since i was little . plus they knew i knew the equipment , they didn't need to give ... there's that . when you put it like that , i was an evil brat . reel them in and destroy them . the first one came out the same year i was born . : happy : okay songs that i remember coming out as a kid . ... yep . about 4 i think . yeah , i usually ate my snacks . my mother's vegan and kind of a food nazi . besides , food i've made a mess with is still food . i liked using baba ganoush as cement to build vegetable castles as a kid . usually out of the celery or whatever had been cut in lengths . then take a cherry tomato and shoot it at the castle to see if ... heroes & villains of mbti - the matrix : trinity , istp trinity from the matrix istp irl i don't say much . it's not that i don't know how to express myself . i am capable of being expressive and i ... i think the descriptions for se is fucked . i can't put my finger on it , but it falls short . whatever it is , it needs work . i know i'm not intuitive . the closest description for me is ti-se or even ... i haven't lived anywhere else . based on the information available to me , i like canada . patriotic ? patriotism seems like a relic of the 19th century . i'm hoping we can get over it . bnb most of my playlist is kinda random . : laughing : childhood and teens following music down the rabbit hole that is the internet has a lot of explaining to do about my bizarre listening habits ... bnb hehe , after i listened to the first dorothy song you posted , i played the album . done ! i listen to some other genre's , so i don't always notice when it tilts off in another direction ... i don't know either of those . nice !  :D i hate it when stations overplay a song . i don't really listen to radio anymore . i have a spotify account i play on my phone , laptop and if i'm driving . not that i drive very often . i don't ...  bnb i don't assume they're all estps . i'm sure estps make up a disproportionate number of them , but i would guess at half or less . there are crazy / stupid people in every type . but i wonder if some of ... i'm indifferent to the mechanic title . i'm not a mechanic . i've never been in a physical altercation in my life . i'm not a tough guy , or girl in my case . i am a thinker , i am introverted and i am ... no , i don't think so . se is using the table . how the table looks is so one dimensional , singular sensory usage . are you going to write on the table , eat at the table , dance on the table ? what is the ... you think you were trolled ? cute . i don't have siblings . i've grown up watching my se-inferior mom oblivious to how she is in peoples way . but she's an infj and convinced she is seeing the bigger picture and knows all . like the ... sometimes things are there to be fun . ever heard of it ? you seem to be getting too worked up over this . when you're done swearing at me , maybe we can talk about this . but this is the second ... i've never played wiffle ball . i remember gym sections that weren't my favorite . this sounds unrelated to playing games so much as not liking playing the same game too many times . i did read ... i choose whether to pay attention to the minutia . it depends on what i'm doing but i think i'm in control of a lot of what comes in and what doesn't . i get the impression that se-inferior lack ... the same thing jcal was saying . if fitness did contain games ( sports ) i'd be a fat slob . it's those childhood games in gym class that made my life a little less miserable growing up . i'm willing to jump on it anyway , but i'm willing to make a run at guesses too . still , i wouldn't call that making a decision using due diligence . sometimes i just think , fuck it lets go with it . what's the difference between sparky looking around and thinking real hard using her intuition and you using your intuition ? neither are based on facts . i love climbing but i can't wrap my head around these guys . anyone on here that does this to this kind of scale ? i admit , i've climbed a two story ... well , he called me a bitch . if he gets to call me a bitch , i should totally get to bark like one . i like barking . besides , barking is more constructive than repeatedly hitting on a girl that keeps ... i do both , but voted do because i really prefer participating to watching . watching sports in person is good . but watching on tv bores me . i prefer skiing , basketball and climbing . caught a baseball while doing handsprings . i was goofing off with friends at the park when suddenly there was something flying at my head . i caught the ball and came to stop . the guy that threw the ... i do get excited when i have a real adrenalin rush . my first time down a black diamond ski run , i miscalculated a turn and went over a jump at a much higher speed than i anticipated . i was excited ... kill bill theme is pretty good . but i'm feeling something more epic for istps . something we can take ourselves too seriously over . oh and ... i was just there to play sports . i struggled to read and write ( dyslexia ) which nullified pretty much everything school had to offer . classes i hated most : math , english , history , french , music , ... i trapped neighbourhood sim's prisoner in the basement and kept them barely alive while a happy family lived on the main level . you can keep them miserable and depressed for inordinate lengths of ... well i mean , you could see you weren't gonna hit someone . sorta . we're adding excitement to peoples lives . lazy . my style is lazy . my hair isn't done . i can't be bothered to put on makeup . torn , rolled up boyfriend jeans with t-shirts and hoodies and plain , flat heeled , boots that i fail to lace up cause ... i used to watch that show as a kid . she reminds me of my teens . as enthusiastic as a wet paper bag . reckless ? i wouldn't say i'm reckless . typically , i take calculated risks . i did start a fire trying to bake cookies this week . i know i shouldn't bake because i really suck at following ... not disagreeing with you . the description sounded more infp than isfp to me . it seems like a big leap between infp and istp due to just one axis . but the description does sound a lot more infp . how idealistic i am can really change with my mood . yeah ! i have that on spotify .  yeah , i saw that . i looked at what was different between mine and the others and i scored marginally more idealistic than realistic . looks like according to this test the only difference between and ... peacemaker voi-s nature 54 % visionary 46 % realistic bnb i don't need to get my ass kicked to know i'm vulnerable . i've pushed my body hard enough that i have a fair idea of what my limits are and what my strengths and weaknesses . i can understand why guys ... istp who grew up with an infj mother and entp father . they don't value the things i value and say and do hurtful things without realizing it . i prefer to avoid them . i've never been in a fight or physical altercation in my life . not sure where people get this idea that xstp's like fights . i love sports and first and foremost : respect ... i don't enjoy arguing . gender : female age : -5-5 ( really ? ) intelligence : average openness : conservative mbti personality profile : intj closest alternative we found : entj i'm 21 and an istp . i'm also dyslexic , so ... '