' i am never as stressed as the people around me . when something stressful comes up it just seems like a challenge , something actually worth doing for a change . when the shit hits the fan it really ... good question ... 1 ) lack of a social life . ( few friends , no deep relationships ) 2 ) emotionally unstable family members . 3 ) always treated as an adult . 4 ) no emotional support . i by no means ... the whole most compatible type stuff is complete crap imo . there is too much individual variation in reality . i think the emotions you are feeling are normal for a new relationship . it could be ... yeah , nothing against anyone on here but it is getting pretty stale at times . the thread topics get too repetitive , its all been said before . i don't really have any ideas so i guess it is what it is . i got roped into a work dinner tonight . free meal but sooo boring . people are often very predictable . i don't really use it against them , if i hated someone that much , i wouldn't speak to them anymore . i have been told that i am not really relationship material and in some ways i agree . i am not looking for a relationship in which we both try to fulfill some predetermined gender role i don't see ... i think it would be great to have my own land with a cabin in the woods somewhere . being involved with its construction would be pretty good too . sounds like everyday at work for me . there is not enough accountability in some workplaces . there were some people i just refuse to help anymore because they never learn and they never try any ... cancer and other terminal illnesses freak me out . i have seen people die from a few of them and it was a terrible thing to watch happen to a person . i don't think about it often but when i do it ... i agree with the first part . the people i am describing never learn though . there are a lot of very lazy people out there . in my ideal world people would not ask for help quite as often . i don't mind helping people with things from time to time but some days its excessive . i think people should strive to do as much for ... some days it really bothers me how much people ask me for help with things . even strangers . i have no idea why they even ask , it never really occurs to me to ask other people for help . most of my ... there are a lot of possible reasons , many have already been mentioned . i once had a job where people would ask me for help with things they could do on their own all the time . then they would offer ... during take off and landing i like to look out the window but mid flight i usually read or something . i dress very casual , usually just a pair of jeans and a t shirt . i don't mind khakis on occasion . sometimes i wear sweaters or a hoodie if its cold enough . most of my clothes are one solid colour and ... i'm sorry to hear about your situation . i think you should try to get that ged though . i am just thinking that if you can't do a lot of manual labor because of your injury , it will be hard to ... i don't feel a need to go back into a shell but i can relate to finding our modern lifestyle very boring and uninspiring . i guess sjs or something might find it great but for me it is so monotonous ... ( 1 ) words of affirmation is low on his priority list and most istps . from your personal perspective , why don't words resonate with most istps ? - they don't resonate with me because a lot of people ... sounds amazing . it would be even cooler to have a wingsuit somehow . do you think your dog would try to kill them ? i was lucky , my pets all got along for the most part but i was wary of the cats when i had a mouse and fish . cats are great but i like dogs the same amount . i had both growing up so i can see the appeal of both as pets . i plan to have both again , its just not a good time for me to have a pet right now , ... i think that i am a man of integrity . personal honour is something that matters to me too . i liked that scene in lotr too . the cavalry charge at the end got me a bit too . i have no explanation ... i used to whistle all day at my last job . it pissed a lot of people off but who cares . i remember being kind of zoned out when i would whistle . i was just going through the motions so i would whistle ... thats pretty accurate for me . i am more than willing to leave if people are more than 30 minutes late . its funny because some people have actually tried to act like i'm the jerk for leaving . if i ... 475850 i can be standoffish at first . for whatever reason i am suspicious of strangers when i first meet them . after talking for a while i do warm up to people though , once i have concluded they are not ... yes , istps have emotions . they tend to operate in the background until something triggers them . its not that i hate emotions , i just don't let them run my life . i'm not fond of certain emotions , the ... yes , i do work out a lot . i have dabbled with so many different routines but i find that i always end up bored with them . i did crossfit for a while and the variety kept it interesting but even that ... what i have learned is that you have to make the effort . people have a hard time knowing where they stand with istps . they have their own insecurities that may prevent them from trying to get closer ... i agree , a lot of those companies have ridiculous hiring practices . i know a few people that are currently trying to find a job because they lost their last ones when the companies up and left or ... going on canoe trips in the back country is one of my favourite things to do . backpacking is also fun but canoeing lets you really take it all in . ah , i see . i don't know , none of that seems like anything negative to trigger anything . he could fear that it is becoming to serious . i think that the reason he gave is likely the reason . your plan ... thats great . where would people be without an istp to blaze a trail for them ? what happened the night prior to him making this decision ? if its personal i don't need to know but it could be relevant to the question . i do prefer to go with the flow . i like it when there is just an agreement to hang out on a particular day , then figure out the details on that day . ideally we would just do what we feel like doing ... do you think istps have high standards ? its in most workplaces too , some worse than others . i've even heard about the same childish drama in senior groups . the media and politicians also sound like high school kids . i think the only thing ... in high school i was usually with the group of friends i grew up with . i also drifted to other groups of people from time to time . i was by no means sociable or popular but i was on good terms with a ... i like the idea of surviving in the wilderness somewhere . i don't like the tropics , i would rather be in the north . when i was a kid i had to read a book in school called ' the hatchet about a kid ... that sucks , teachers can make all the difference . we had similar problems with being rushed and not having enough materials . in some labs ( not chem ) we had groups of 5 or 6 working on the same ... i wish we were getting a snow storm . in my part of canada we have almost no snow this year . what a rip off , this isn't what i signed up for . my chemistry grades became progressively worse as time went on . i loved the labs but hated the lectures . i got : 1 ) kinesthetic 2 ) spatial 3 ) nature 1 ) nature 2 ) kinesthetic 3 ) visual / spatial 4 ) intrapersonal i know a couple of intps . one of them has a lot of awkward moments and is very quirky but the other one is fine when it comes to interacting . the first one i mentioned is still very sociable , they ... something that comes to mind in terms of what to study for a career are college technician programs . they are 2 to 3 year programs that involve a lot of hands on stuff ( depending on the program ) . ... it all reminds me of this ... louis ck is great . i think its pretty much the same here in canada . in school we were asked how things made us feel all the time . i wish that we had spent more time learning real world skills . well , thats my understanding of it anyway . i'm no expert . there are a lot of similarities to the ti ni loops ... they tend to isolate themselves and stop taking in new information . it does sound pretty ... i agree . would you prefer if it was given to you in an audio format ? like a lecture or a discussion on a show ? '