' the show is amazing . everything you said is what makes it so great . no one thinks its not scripted . espn often blogs and reports about incredibly unsports related things happening to athletes when ... for me , i always think i am above my problems . it helps me get through them . i think you gotta be as elitist as you can to get through anything ... i go through that every so often . actually , i'm going through that right now . i refer to it as my recharge time . an enfp can only take so much , after all . its usually easy to ignore the bad ... it's the best thing ever , basically . i'm still with her . i feel fantastic except for the fact that she moved ... but we're gonna make it work . i only have eyes for now and the future . the past is ... from what you just told me about aa ... its like they are taking one obsession and merely replacing it with another . that's no cure . lol . i think thats a human thing ... to be honest yorkies ! they are the best . i don't do favorite songs ... i do favorite albums though <3 - fandelia - quruli - satanic panic in the attic - of montreal - frances the mute - the mars volta oh my fucking god . fuck reddit . fuck redditers . you aren't funny . rage comics arent funny . i am listening to this hahaha , you guys are both so right . i was wrong . he's pretty damn enfp . bob dylan is historically introverted . or was at the beginning of his career at least . also , nothing about mgmt is genius . just sayin ' enfp's are so good at manipulation because we can easily appear aloof and chipper ... its kind of in our nature , after all . people seldom doubt our intentions for anything ... or at least thats how it ... i was with you until golf i like cute things . enfps are the master manipulators though ... dunno about the rest of you , but i'm drawn to avoid them . you don't need to be part of a religion to benefit from its teachings . every religion has some valid points . true enlightenment is ... you know you're an ambivert when you're an enfp . lol this is pretty much what i said ... especially the video xd . absolutely . the school system is designed to best fit the majority of people , who , like it or not , have an iq of about 100 . schoolwork is mundane busywork , essentially . the intent is to prepare the ... i'm enfp ... . and i hate ... . nihilism not to one up you , op , but my iq is 144 and i couldn't feel dumber . but on a serious note , i notice a huge gap in intelligence between myself and a lot of people i meet ... but that doesn't make ... you become really gay edit : no homo yeah , i really think they waste their lives too ... living by someone else's rules instead of their own . too many times , i've seen someone censor themselves because of their religion . it sucks . ... i can't really call psychoanalysis a science because , there is rarely any scientific backing or hard numbers associated with it . it is also considered a pseudoscience , as is chiropractic ... lol , took that a few months ago . i got enfp as my actual type , enfp as the type i wanna be , and infp as the type i am attracted to . kinda sad that your life has to have meaning ... but if thats what makes you happy ! then go for it ! my current girlfriend , i met like 2 and a half years ago ... and didnt start dating till like 6 months ago . i knew instantly , like the first time i saw her , that we were romantically compatible ... i'm studying philosophy at my university ... and i'm confronted with a lot of staunch materialist atheists . it doesn't make sense to me how true philosophers can be so bought and convinced on a topic ... sometimes , p's can have j tendencies . for example , at work , im very organized ... very unlike myself . when i play games , i totes go t and start thinking about strategies and stuff . i do my fuckin ' ... i was confronted with the notion that everything we love and post about ( mbti ) is considered a pseudoscience . being an enfp , i could care less . just because something doesn't have legit ... kinda stuck on where to go with this one ... it could flow a lot better , and it needs to be longer . i intend on using them in a song . follow me down , follow me down all the way down the ... dude , you've found a goldmine . a girl who is sexually attracted to you and wants to be your friend ? my god , all she's trying to say is that friendship and lovers aren't too different . i'm gonna ... we get along with everyone . eye contact : if they can look you in the eyes deeply without it being awkward ... also , how do they act if you get a little close to them ? are they standoffish ? or do they embrace it ? in a roundabout sorta way , yes . xd also , most of the time , racist jokes are just that , jokes . true racism isn't funny at all , because people actually die from that kind of thing ... i don't ... hey , me too . also , bullying is on the top of my list <3 ___ what was it ? bullying in what ways did it affect you ? i was just truly unhappy for a long time how long did it last ? until i ... lovely rita meter maid , nothing can come between us . when it gets dark i tow your heart away . lol . you're being a bigot right now by implying you're superior to those who find racist jokes funny . just sayin ' im late to the party here , but here's my two cents . be negative . about everything . her tastes in music , food , guys , video games , movies . they all suck . let her know it . like , this would piss ... lol , you're so cool and politically correct . you don't like racist jokes . it wasn't the fact that she rode a unicycle that made her special to me , it was the fact that she rode it with no legs . she did have legs , however , they just weren't used for riding her unicycle . not sure if you're a reply to the story , so ima respond to this one ! stabbed the detective in the throat with all the force that a ballpoint pin could muster . this isn't the first time i've ... just do it . although , i do enjoy reading strategic advice from other people . yeah , i'm an enfp ... but im extremely shy around girls i am interested in ... like , i can get to the point where they like me , but then when i realize i like them , too . i freak out a bit . dunno ... xd thats funny . so yeah , he's totally extraverted . you sure your husband isn't an i ? ? ? i don't really see being concerned with your own wellbeing as bad ... we dont have bad intentions when we don't get back to people in a timely fashion ... and we're only seen as unorganized to the ... i feel like i'm the only guy on this forum . hehehehe . why are there so few enfp males ? '