' dear esfp ex-bff , you are an asshole . this seems to be a very sensitive nerve among istjs . being taken advantage of is my mom's ( istj ) greatest worry / stress point as well . a horrible chore . and i have learned if you don't keep up appearances it makes people think you dislike them . except in my reality ... i don't dislike people ( most are quite fascinating , especially ... i have an isfp sister too , and relating to her can be quite difficult at times . i think it is our ti / fe and fi / te , which makes us evaluate situations very differently . when i come across an issue , i ... dear xntj , i understand that you have been patient , kind and understanding as possible in the situation . and that you're doing what you can given the circumstances . however , i told you from the ... so i'm not abnormal ... an intj friend found it odd that i do such and it made me question myself ... i think i do it because my thoughts can get too jumbled so speaking or writing gives clarity and ... i'd suggest make sure what you're doing for yourself , is actually for yourself . not to get the attention of other people or others approval . i've noticed that with myself . when i do things for the ... cupcakes ! i'm not like that at all . on the contrary , everyone body will be blending in with each other and i'm just like , no . i'm the outcast among outcasts . i don't even non conform for the sake of ... i don't plan for the future , i plan for pitfalls and how to tackle problems if the arise . i plan in a way that allows me to bend and have wiggle room . i wants to learn . soon ... soon ... ' no mind ' is what you're getting at yes ? being one with the external world and not bogged down by your thoughts and over analyzing ? being in the zone . yes yes . i have those moments . they can be ... i really should learn that i should stop helping people that are simply and utterly stuck in their own ways . what a waste of energy . mmm , i agree with seralya . i think the major problem is that we don't know what you want out of this thread . you ask for a conversation about an istp's ability to have an abstract conversation but ... i use to think running on four cups of coffee per day was a bad thing . now that i've become such i have changed viewpoints . ah .. experience and reshaping the mind . jazzy . actually i can understand ! i've been in your boat in quite a few of my relationships , including my longest recent one ( two years ) with an estp . the estp i was with is brilliant ; but it is just ... chapter 10 from psychological types by c . g . jung is just so damn negative . and convoluted none the less . uggh . i read so much when i was little that i've kinda gotten sick of reading lengthy pieces of work . i can finish full books every now and then , but i usually just randomly read chunks at a time these ... actually express deeper more complex emotions ... every now and then . or socially retarded large bursts of them . yeah ... i've been slowly keeping up with this topic and from what i can tell , he's not the problem . pardon me for being blunt but the way you discuss things shows . a lot of the other istps here are giving ... i don't care how wide or deep the emotional river runs i ain't going backwards in life . though i may end up as a sloth while trying to sort the damn emotional currents out . * sloth behavior ... haha . an entj i know hates when i go all existentialist on him . i think te may actually interact with ti in an ambivalent way . but then again fe does do that to fi when i think about it ... hmm ... disease ( that isn't even worthy of being called that ) , your petty ways to make yourself feel morally superior , and in turn try to use such against me in the future marks one as unwise and at worse ... burn them . burn them all . i'm in the process of quite a few . meh . so far the ones i've met really want to get to know me for some strange reason . but they are aware enough to give me my space and don't poke at me . then get all excited when i do give them attention . intuition is just getting a ' general sense ' of something , not concrete details . the problem with some intuitive doms is that they act prematurely upon their intuition compared to being patient enough ... i feel ' fake ' by just posting here , since i can't relate to ne and the question was posed to intps . but with that said , i too as an introverted thinker can't stand trying to sell something i know ... istj mother ; entj father the large degree of strictness caused heavy introversion and extreme ti-ni looping , and an underdeveloped se . it's why i appear intuitive / judger despite not being such . you really shouldn't be too hard on yourself . no one is perfect , or even the perfect socialite ( especially us istps ) . we can only give you an objective as possible opinions based off the information ... apparently we do not have the same point of view . intentions and motivations are quite important in discussing the maturity of one's actions . i sincerely hope you can take my bluntness with ease for ... i think the istp duality comes from the fact that we are both long term thinkers ( understanding a system in detail then making efforts to improve and make the system more efficient ) as well as ... i too don't know this overt flirting thing you speak of . i only start flirting ( in a reserved intellectual and or sexual manner ) after i get to know a bit about the object of my affection and have ... i'd be thinking , omg get the fuck out of my bubble bitch and i would be giving the death stare . but ... such is my reaction to the sentence , particularly the word ' authoritative ' . i don't know ... daft punk the fine line between aggression and submission is called being confident and assertive . grace and tact , while holding your moral ground ( whatever it may be ) . being flexible in understanding and ... yeah , i have a problem of talking too fast . my mind is going faster then what i can get out . yeah this . even though i may be heavily introverted and reserved in my interactions , i too work better out in the open . i vibe off busy and ' get shit done ' energies . i really do enjoy play fighting . could you please tell me exactly what you would do and what you would think in this situation ( the more detailed the better ) ? let's say you're in a room with a guy who claims he has got super ... i love dancing . it is freeing . mocha coffee and amaretto dear esfp , i like how you can get me out of my turtle shell . i can't even been to express my gratitude . i prefer rpgs , and so does an isfp gamer i know . i like the sense of adventure and multitude of things to do ( little side quests ) . though the isfp likes getting to the end first then exploring ... i'm in the same boat and i usually can handle a pretty decent level of abstractness . i'm slowly plodding through the enneagram . more so in a practical manner of ' how is this going help me and what ... i like drinking . and i think the real world sucks and like my head far better . which probably isn't a healthy thought on my part . and i probably shouldn't drink and post . ... * random thoughts * ... yep , i'm pretty sure i'm a hundred percent crazy and i have learned to love it . it also frightens me at times . even with that said i still keep a great deal of the crazy to myself and tend to ... laeona : i just got out of a very deep and loving relationship of 2 years this past october . i have not even begun to understand the depths of my broken emotional state and i have no interest in ... no , it is not a matter of me ignoring my emotions . it is that a feeler is projecting their emotions upon me and the only way to communicate effectively is by expressing how i feel about the ... i hate when logic dictates that being vulnerable and connecting on an emotional level is the solution . shoot me now . the individual in question socializes quite well with all other individuals in our small group . and considering they are the head leader it is their job to engage with their employees to a degree ... '