musical linguistic logic & naturalist ( tied ) genuine question , how do you guys feel about internet memes ? i can appreciate them somewhat i guess but i can't be bothered with keeping up with them etc . i was in a killing game . the type of weapon i was best at was hidden at first but after working my way through the maze i finally received one , a new problem arose in that it had no bullets . while i ... 1 ) may have f * cked up . 2 ) probably for the better . 3 ) definitely for the better . 4 ) lets go be creative and express all the shiz that im currently feeling . 5 ) after i've finished my work . * ssholes , creatives , nerds , others who identify as lgbt + and philosophers . okay . yes , i should have specified . when i said the red pill is misogynistic i meant the majority of the users of the subreddit etc , not the actual theory it's self . ^ having said that , the large ... what i find misogynistic is how two people undertaking the same behaviour would be perceived & reacted to in such different ways ( negatively if female , positively if male ) purely because of their ... * stares at gif for like half an hour . * i like the idea of escaping to somewhere remote . maybe having a few close ones over occasionally for company and to catch up with the outside world . i'd ... * uses the red pill to primarily sleep & get with women , then brags about sex count and is congratulated by other members * * cusses out & deems a woman worthless if they do the same * genuinely ... a sport i loved because of injury , so i had more time to study for exams and also because the social aspect made me feel pretty anxious and i couldn't handle that back then with other stuff . i ... i don't know . as a personal thing i'm not really connecting to the idea of the switch at all , it just doesn't have any great appeal to me at the moment , but we'll see . one of the biggest struggles is when people post stuff i agree with on social media etc but they use wrong facts . it's like , i agree with the general premise , but you're also wrong . : rolleyes : and ... i could look at a piece of art , for instance . when judging how much i like it i guess i'll give it points for technicality , even more points for message and thought behind . but if it manages to grab ... i know it was mentioned before , but eleanor rigby . the thought of the little old man darning his socks trying to look his best and then no-one turns up and all his effort is in vain , literally breaks ... everythings really kinda dull . i mean its not , but for something so beautiful and complex everythings really kinda dull . i think i'm going to re-look into and try out some memorization techniques . i need sleep . i need to push away some people that are compromising my emotional well being ( in infp terms i guess their personal values and core beliefs are different to mine and situations recently ... i'm grateful to my friends who supported me today just by being there and showing that they cared . it helped a lot . & to my family for putting up with me even when i'm being incredibly stressful ... those wonderful situations where your feelings and your morals completely conflict : exterminate : * sighs * - is a good way too put it . i'm not awful but lets say i'm fed up with all of the bullshit . unknown :P i feel a little lonely , but too comfortable to brace the fear of branching out right now . also just finished an pretty time consuming project so i'm not quite sure what to do with myself . : laughing : i'd say it depends on the individual and their circumstances you've pretty much stated yourself that you're using me to fulfill your boredom , and i know that on your part it's super morally questionable for a multitude of reasons , but the truth is i like you , ... from a completely personal point of view , with the death penalty in mind , i believe in mercy > revenge . i think that the majority of people who have committed murder of innocents are severely ... i used to be ravenclaw but the last two times i've taken it i've got slytherin . i got played . by a ' friend ' , and the worst part is there is still a massive part of my brain that wants to continue the plationic side of our relationship because i care about them . : rolleyes : ffs ... oo * gets the popcorn out and reads replies * wait why was i originally here ? oh yeah . i do ask people if they're okay quite a bit if i'm feeling nervous or they particularly look not okay . ... oo * gets the popcorn out and reads replies * wait why was i originally here ? oh yeah . i do ask people if they're okay quite a bit if i'm feeling nervous or they particularly look not okay . ... what exactly is love good for ? : laughing : in the end . i'm young , granted , but i've seen so many people let it make them , let it destroy them . it can be beautiful , comforting , deadly , lonely . in the ... i decided to just chill out and live life with out overthinking stuff . i liked the new experience for a couple of days . but now it's super f-ing boring . the majority of the time i test as inxp , i'm working on figuring this one out but its been a year and i haven't fully yet , so we'll see . dad tested as isfj ( i'd guessed this one ) mum tested as ... i'm having to use fe rn to help a friend out and its a tough subject that i haven't had much experience with , i don't know what to say , and this might sound pathetic but i'm so scared that i think i ... people . * sigh * i got feels given to me . told to me . it's kinda scary .. eek . i just .. okay look , i don't know what type i am - infp , estj , its been a year and it's not even my main aim to figure it out anymore . but ... so smallish black cube floating center room and pretty high up . the wooden ladder is to the far left of the room . ( room changes from black and white layout into forest . ) small black horse - wearing ... how many browser tabs do you have open right now ? 3,337 - i forgot all strategy . : tongue : ( on my 3rd go i got 15,926- can i use that instead ? it sounds better ) i don't have a favourite yet . eroding stop pretending - if you ' be yourself ' ... so far i've taken it 3 times : age range was accurate , intelligence was accurate , gender was undetermined . the types i have received have been : entp , intj , entj . i'm feeling extremely hurt right now . and whether that is a reasonable emotion to be feeling or not i'm feeling it and i accept that i am feeling it . i will try to understand that it may have an ... ohmygosh . the butterfly in the game - the butterfly effect . * facepalm . * how did i only just get the reference ? i know that we learn from our mistakes , and that i shouldn't rewind to fix them , ... your preference score for mellow music : 33 your preference score for unpretentious music 25 your preference score for sophisticated music : 27 your preference score for intense music : 34 ... i got estj . huh , cool . extravert ( 34 % ) sensing ( 53 % ) thinking ( 6 % ) judging ( 47 % ) scenario 1 : disbelief . shock . cry for a bit , perhaps go complain to a friend about how life isn't fair . go on a walk to attempt to clear my head . trying to get back in contact with them and be with ... this week i watched a super close friend hurt and betray someone he ' loved ' because he himself was hurt , he was aware it was going to hurt them , he just didn't care . he didn't even seem to care or ... yeah . though it's mostly to avoid coming off as cold and sarcastic all the time . things can get interpreted the wrong way easily , emoticons help me avoid this . disappointment . i just dipped my biscuit in water instead of tea . : sad : thanks :) i guess that's true . if i'm not interested enough to finish it , it probably doesn't matter .. i don't know , sometimes i find that i am interested and that my heads just being annoying . xd ... books , books , books .. a ton of reflection / generation of new ideas , and possibly even going outside . : tongue : how to read non-fiction without constantly getting distracted by other thoughts / reflections ?