' so it isn't just weight gain ? gratz on the new look , and you already have some people wanting to sleep with you . i see no other answers to choose from therefore i shall not choose at all ! welcome back , did you get plastic surgery ? currently aiming for cia analyst . which schools are you wanting to go to , i am planning to be a poly sci major myself . if i were you , and had it in my finances to go to the other college , i would go off on your own and make your own ... intp chaotic good i have a keen interest in nautical affairs , thus for me circles are everything . i can't imagine sailing without a circle somewhere . on a side note , i misread the question on words are unimportant as ... there is one problem with any type of control , as prohibition and slavery ( should have ) taught us well ( in actuality it showed us a problem , nothing seems to have been done to address that problem , ... i would say 8/ 10 . i keep wanting to watch through the entire old series but so much of it is hard to find and i want to watch it unfold in the closest order i can get , until then i am stuck with only ... there is the truth in the world that is real , there is the truth that we think is real , and there is the truth in the world that we hope is real . we base society on principles which we can not ... i am very sorry to learn of these horrible instances in your past , and sadly they are more common then not . i know too many people who have been raped , or were this close , tons of abuse in peoples ... are thanks a currency now ? to think , all those years thanking people and wasting my money , hmph . i see an estp trying to learn our secrets ! tsk tsk tsk . you shoulda made it into a puzzle to solve , then we couldn't resist ! you wish to honor them so ? intp memes ? twilight zone ? love it ! how can you not ? what a monster this has become . within a great many face palms there is some slight amusement . still better then ( finish the rest ) if you would have the time , i would very much so enjoy being called ( see below ) thank you very much ! espiculeas every facebook status is puzzling . i often wonder why i even bother to ' skim ' through them . kudos to jps , although it seems people are not paying very much attention and are missing out on the potential fun times that this represents . of course i was the first ! first ! i have been put into several leadership roles ( njrotc platoon / team co being the most recent ) and plan my career upon being a leader . i can be a very good leader when i have the resources i need , and ... spend enough time and you could reverse the flow of the wind , plus you have a lack of resources moving in / out and any residence needs resources . sending it into space would seem to be the safest , far enough away and by removing land based control stations for the satellites , it would be easy to regain control of earth . although that is not ... you are giving it even 24 hours ? i think that it would be hilarious to make some of these into intp threads in order to see how people react . anyone up for the challenge ? hey guys , this is ahmenrah here , i have not been on this forum in ages and feel myself swinging back . recently self diagnosing myself with aspergers . time catch up with old time forum buddies . kira no killing ! kira no killing ! this implies that we are not already gods ? i will buy an island which will be under my control , i will have an academy built with the best facilities in intellectual matters in the world , i will scout the world for smart people ( or have ... intps can be scared by emotions or things going too quickly , i think he wanted to distance himself from you to see what would happen to him . remember intps do this a lot , honest abe left right in the ... i almost feel bad for being the last post on page 314 :( you know you are an intp when xkcd : just alerting you and just for the sake of things xkcd : pi equals bastard ! you post after me ... reminds me of the question , something along the lines of what is heavier , a pound of bricks or a pound of feathers logically a pound is a pound , but compare bricks and feathers and you feel like ... the only thing that matters in this is traffic flow , given that speed on a straight road with nothing to block your way , it would take an hour give or take due to the slight variations on exact ... at 17 i can hit a low c and sometimes even a b with my bass 2 voice :) actually this is a good way to find an intp , simply mention a topic which people normally don't laugh at and the one who laughs is most likely intp . or challange them to take over the world and you ... the only reasonable time to rebel is when there are circumstances which prove rebellion to be the correct choice . if you are not able to get in control somehow and end the need the rebel than you ... a ) dunno you tell me b ) well you would to if a ( insert noun here ex : wolf , fatman , hungry man , pervert ) was chasing you ! c ) why wouldn't the chicken cross the road d ) define road e ) what is a road f ) ... i would be afraid to enter , me thinks scary things would be happening , and not the mention all of the lurkers and dead people and other status people . sunflower seeds , i eat bags of those ... its a problem and i know it :) i enjoy leading when i have a competent group to work under me , i know everything i need to know to lead , and when there is no question about who is in charge . however when the group does not want to ... one of the first people i met in highschool was an entp , of course my first impression was a crazy chick asking weird questions during freshman orientation . the entp has a completly wrong perception ... life plan : go to the us naval academy and major in history or engineering , graduate and go to nuke power school , qualify for being a submarine officer , go career and either reach admirality or become ... what makes a human being intelligent that does not work on animals , as far as we know ? psst , you need more information then that to say istjs are going to win , reasons mate , reasons for winning are needed . aww you intjs are no fun , ptooey ! :P . i was asking for volunteers anyway . who said anything about me being one of the potential mates ? hell hath no fury like an intp intruded upon . that is if you accept hell exists . really ? this of this , armies = ruin and destruction , murdered people and destroyed building which are expensive to repair , a biological or chemical death involves death but not ruination of the ... this is exactly what we mean when we say sts would most likely think in terms of convential armies . war is hell mate . you do what you need to in order to survive . killing the enemy quickly means ... bah , who wants to follow the rules ? :P psst : what they don't know won't kill them , unless we actually aim a laser from the moon on their heads , then it might just kill them . do you have any intjs to give to the intps for mating purposes ? perhaps we two can create a super race together ? '