' yeah i'm an a-hole too depending on who you are and what you consider one to be . nothing wrong with that ... just be you . who cares what your supposed to be ... who knows maybe your brother is the ... sure , don't we all have layers ? i don't think i have ever met a one layered person ... i have been known to focus conversations and interactions on the other person involved , even if that means ... life.long.battle ... and still struggling . almost like you wish you could meet that person who is in your head and you wouldn't have to say a word to them , just chill and it would be awesome , every ... okay , my turn ! no i would not ask you out ... you are not my type . i prefer tall , lanky , dark characters ... with penises . ( although i wont say i haven't ever been interested in the lady folks , just ... that makes complete sense . before you admire us though please keep in mind that we infjs think about what we are going to say a long time before we say it ... at least i do . i think about the ... good luck ! i got my answer ... i was in fact being rejected as i initially assumed . thanks anyways for the help guys and gals ! i took the you will think i'm boring and i wouldn't want things to feel awkward as the rejection . i tried to make it more blunt today by just giving him my number and asking him to text / call me . ... i could sure use some help understanding the logic behind this ... i tried to ask a intj i know to hang out today . i got shot down as i halfway expected to be , because i would think he is boring , ... today it looks like a cheery little boy cuddling up next to me watching cartoons and sharing a cup of coffee ( i . e . milk for him lol ) i do not feel stupid at all . i do accept that i am not perfect , i make mistakes but i also learn from those mistakes . i have a great capacity for acquiring , processing , and sharing knowledge in ... if it were me id just want the person to tell me and let me figure out why and how to fix it . just be straight forward ... whats the worst that can happen ? honestly is she really that fragile that ... now i just feel even more stupid for trying to please everybody - . - oh well lesson in the process of being learned what i mean is every person on earth even the ones you have never and will never meet versus as you detailed in your reply those whom you truly care about . i was slightly inebriated upon first reading the post which may be influencing my overall perspective on this subject . i hate to go off topic as i'm sure the op has an actual need ( actually i'm not ... lmao i think that is a fascinating option ... i would have never guessed a frond would have such human complexities . i must spend more time with mother nature . if you had this revelation at all ... when did you realize that what others think of you is unimportant ? how did it change your life ? so , i don't have time to sift through this thread and find out if my question has already been asked . do intjs seek appreciation - is this important to you to hear when someone appreciates you ? i ... o . o i don't understand what language you are typing in . is a girlfrond a female frog pond ? i visit the other type forums to look at the humorous threads . the infj threads are usually very serious lol oh the ego ... not so much falling out of love but moreso realizing that it wasn't love as i thought it was to begin with . once i realize something its hard to go back to being ignorantly happy . i haven't had many people hurt me with words i think i hurt myself more then others by over-thinking situations but there were two instances that have stuck with me for a very long time 1st being ... trying to figure out how to do that , no word of a lie ! thank you brain your messages are appreciated lol i have had so many people tell me that they do not want to make me upset because i'm scary when angry ... something i have never actually understood because at my most angry i actually draw away from ... you might enjoy reading some of jung's original work in that case it sounds as if she is a bit imbalanced and this is manifesting itself as being possessive and overbearing . shes absolutely displaying infj qualities but as daydr 3am stated they are the qualities of ... liquidlight that certainly is an interesting perspective . i had not considered that my real life friend might potentially be my real life animus , more so i was curious if my mind might project the ... lady nurture thank you so much for sharing your dream ! ! i am really looking forward to learning more about myself through my own - perhaps even with the help of intuitives such as yourself :) you are going to love this :) no . i recognize before i shut someone out how harmful and toxic they are to me . it does not weigh heavy on my heart to take care of myself . yeah ... i am perpetually lonely mostly because i don't let people in so its my own fault in the end . i'm feeling relieved that i am not the only one who does this ! aww thank you ! i had a very interesting dream the other night , very lucid and very vivid . at the beginning of said dream i am greeted by a friend whom exists in real life and the friend greets me with a hug and ... i want to play ! bask in my infjness o . o i cant find any pictures where i'm actually looking at the camera . ... i have never actually purposely sought revenge on another person ... that makes very little sense to me . i know that i have hurt others in the heat of the moment but plotting revenge just seems a ... also when they say , i'm a jerk , i went to the infj forum to ask infj's how i could hurt your feelings in case we fight . we shouldn't be friends anymore . feel free to shut me out of your life now . i get so offended when someone tells me ... you are an amazing person , i am so happy we are friends . battle ! if shes going to infj you with her moodiness then intj her with some hardcore sarcasm one of you will eventually be the victor or you will both explode to smitherines ! honestly though , ... reading your responses and thinking about this more it does feel somewhat like a superpower / weakness because like joon said its almost like i am giving the person access to me through my eyes but for ... i realized that i avoid contact with people whom i do not know or trust . i never had really noticed it in the past but more recently its become really apparent to me and it feels kind of awkward now ... i have a very hard time expressing my feelings verbally and physically . i also have not ever felt complete trust with anyone but even with my family members my sister who is the closest person i have ... my best friend is intj ans we are like peas in a pod . i think because i am not super strong on the feeling end might be why . we do relate very well though . what is this inappropriate you speak of ? i have never encountered such a novel idea ( hahahhaha ) flicker 099 i do understand what you mean , i don't think i could ever give up caring about people as people , that goes against what i believe in completely and i would surely die or end up ... flicker 099 thanks that is a good starting point ... i think you pointed out one of my bigger challenges - what other people expect me to be . i've been working on not caring about that for a while now ... he's extremely handsome , great smile , bubbly personality . we spend a lot of time together . hes so intelligent , loves to cuddle , very playful . i knew i loved him from the moment i met him and i ... im good at hugs not an infj thing ( unless i completely missed it but i don't think i did ) so ... i am on a mission to understand who exactly i am ... strange i know it seems like a fairly basic and simple premise ... '