' basically , my main questions are : what do you believe in ? what are the values that matter the most to you ? * ( sorry if i tend to be confusing ) hey , this is my second thread today , but i feel like this is important . well ... every time we try something new , we are scared , which is normal right ? however , we individually react differently ... hey , well ... personally i don't see myself asking something like hey girl , are you an infp ? let's get compatible ;) , if you know what i mean . no seriously , i think it just depends on the ... hey , well ... seems to me like you are an infp : you are very caring and sensitive , you don't like authority , you are not motivated by money , you are a bit messy and you daydream a lot . however , ... hey , last time , i wrote a thread called infp men being sensitive and also , how the world of business can influence infps . i had quite a lot of responses from a lot of people about embracing ( or ... did you ever regret making that choice when you were younger ? did you only realize at an old age that you didn't want to get promoted , or was it always your mindset ? hey , i think that when it comes to dealing with the world , you should hold on to your own values and what it means to you . for people like us , it is indeed different as we are considered as ... one of the question we all ask ourselves at one point of our lives . the answer seems obvious , but still ... hey , today , i'd like to talk about business and principles . well ... i guess anyone reading this thread would probably be an infp so i won't dwell on the whole description . basically , i have gone ... looks like everything has been said on that one , thanks for your answers ( of course , anyone else is welcome to post ) . really appreciate it :) there is always a lot to learn from younger people . i gotta say pangea , you pretty much said it all on this one , well done ! hey , i would like to ask you guys something : this is mostly for young infp adults but everyone is welcome to answer . there is always a point when you grow up and realize some things . perhaps ... seems like everything has been pretty much covered on this one ( well anyone is still welcome to post of course ^ ^ ) . thanks guys :) one of those days when you feel like the world is your oyster :) 543570 i think the same actually . it is mostly about your own values and what you think matters the most . i agree :) hey , well ... yeah i kinda feel you on this one . the thing is , sometimes infps might feel absorbed by extroverts so they want to find a way to defend themselves . i think whatever is the ... hey , i would like to ask you something : generally speaking , what makes you smile ? not necessarly what gives you an hysterical laugh but you know , let's say you had a bad day at work / uni / school , ... hey , i personally think that when it comes to starting conversations with anyone , the way you feel can easily determine the way you are going to handle interactions ( especially with women , they do ... hey , well ... that is a tough one . on the outside , they are pretty much the same . but there are a few differences . infp tend to take things more personally and be more empathic towards people , ... yeah your first sentence was my point , but sometimes i just think so much that i tend to be confusing . sorry about that . hey , well ... i would say patient , silent , resilient , keen to detail , solitary , ambitious , cautious and observant . hey , i am very sure that a lot of infp guys are thinking about that one , but since i am in this forum for around a month , i gotta ask you something . when it comes to relationships , men are ... hey , well ... as an infp , i do feel sometimes jaded with life . it is like watching the same thing over and over again . i keep looking across the window , wondering how these people can just fit . you ... hey , the last movie i saw was the neon demon . quite creepy if you ask me ... not a movie i would watch twice . but anyway , to each his own . hey , so ... what would make an infp villain ? well ... i would portray him as someone who can shut down his mind . what i mean is that he would eventually this mysterious man in a noisy place , the ... hey , i would like to change my username for jamelin if possible . thanks in advance . hey , i think that it depends on the company's motive . i mean that if you climb higher , you have to somehow stand up to your own principles . otherwise , you might have some sort of internal ... then , i would like to ask you something : opposed and compared to intelligence , how would you define wisdom ? it is true that people are afraid of what's different . but in a way , we should mostly ... hey , well ... i think that sex is mostly how you feel it inside first . it's not like casual hook-ups or fwb . it starts with this look you know ... the thing of look and smile that would melt winter ... hey , personally i like playing rpg and watch japanese cartoons ( you know , naruto and stuff ) . i like comedies like friends and himym . also , i enjoy listening some music while resting . what i enjoy ... hey , i would like to ask you guys something about how intelligence can shape people and its consequences to the world . i recently watched the avengers ( well ... civil war ) . you know , the ... i see ... seems like fulfillment is mostly important . it is true that it this century , especially in our twenties , there is this moment when you want to find your purpose . you probably also realize ... hey , as someone who was in a same situation in a relationship , i will help you . i think that your friend is somehow fighting his feelings for you . you see , infps are the kind of people who ... hey , i think that the common success of people is related to money or status ( or even sometimes for some people , how your partner looks ) . but the thing is , success is mostly what you validate as ... the thing is , i keep wondering if it is better to save money in our mid-twenties despite your well-being being affected , or to work for something that gives you value . the thing is , the common ... hey , i think the same as quoted . she took the words out of my mouth . thanks for your response . however , i do have some questions for you if that's fine . first of all , what do you do for a living ( after you did engineering i mean ) ? and second , why do you want to go ... hey , i am not sure if infps struggle with the same problem , but i have a hard time choosing a job i really want . i have had an engineering degree and 2 years experience as a customer service ... hey , i really want to thank people who posted on this thread . i am 25 , i tried in the past very hard to work for big call centers and fit with everyone else and it didn't work out . i am back home ... hey , personally , i would like to stop caring too much about people's opinion and be more organized with my thoughts . everything is just random and it is quite disturbing ... but despite all this , i ... hey , i think that mostly , infp tend to internalize their emotions a lot . you see , infps tend to think a lot about past and / or futures events in their lives and all sorts of feelings are going ... hey , same as stefan . i would even add that depending on some individuals ( particularly introverts ) , language learning abilities can be easier depending on some people . the best way i think to ... hey ! you must be lucky with the weather in there ! nothing is a waste of time , there is always something to learn out there ( or even on the internet ) . you landed there and now you get to know us ! ... welcome on board , nice to meet you ! i am new here myself as an infp so i got the feeling . i hope to meet new people as well :) and don't worry : your english is fine ^ ^ you are probably right . i should just do what i can do and feel more confident about it . it takes time for everyone to grow up from experiences but we all get there at some point . thanks for that :) hey everyone ! i am linjo and i am new here . this is my first post . i am a guy and i found out recently that i was an infp . as a man , i have been trying to figure out if it was a good thing ... '