' i'll make a man out of you and this part from the beginning of the mulan and zis is it bad i feel immensely proud that i've reached hard-core mode in the lotr drinking game ? one list of things i've actually accomplished in my life ! this is my ' swirly feelings ' song and i get shivers every time i hear this song . the nostalgia wave is surf-worthy .  ... so ... today's my birthday . and for the first time ever , i don't really feel excited about anything . i feel lonely , really . and frustrated with my inability to figure out what i want to do with my ... oh fortune , my fortune ! spindle and thread . frozen fingers twist sharp and pull futures ahead . three fates a'spinning , sunshine or dread ? oh fortune , my fortune ! needle and thread . clotho ... einstein's spleen and the temple of insanity . disclaimer : not for the logical of heart . but , it is a beautiful ne-party in here . xd i recently posted this thread in the infp forum but i thought you ... disclaimer : not for the logical of heart . may cause dizziness and levitation ( we included billywig stings and dirigible plums in the ingredients ) all allowed into this temple of insanity . you ... bahaha . and to this i say : all hail the mighty yogurt ! i do watch that too ! it's a great show ! my dad's an istj , and we get along great ... most of the time . we have some similar interests , and we both love watching educational tv / documentaries . recently my dad and me have started watching ... ' ... show time ! ' o_o ' and ' you're sick . ' mentally or physically speaking . 42915 this is a picture i took of my grandparents back in ireland , next to the tree they ' first hugged at ' 42917 42918 42913 i'll come back later with more insightful comments , but for now i must say i flipping love this poem . love . so much so that this was my profile picture for the longest time < _ < 42912 ' i will definitely ' get into it ' maaan . i'll take a day and go peruse the youtubes for his shows . i'm not usually one for stand up comedy , but lately i've been into these guys ( they're kinda the ... i didn't know who george carlin was before reading your post . now i feel enlightened . he has so many brilliant quotes , and i thank you for introducing me to him . also , great post ! * high five no one my age seems to know about this movie . but i love it ! i've posted a similar list before , but hey , i'm not one to pass up an opportunity to enthuse over good movies , so ... here be my ... i love that movie . it also has this beautiful scene 42387 ( i swear , i would pay to have this re-enacted at my wedding ) ( i'm not an infj , but i thought i'd gatecrash this party ) one of my ears is taller than the other , so my glasses are always lopsided the beauty marks on my left arm form an equilateral ... i flipping love dylan moran's comedy .  ... sometimes i just feel like smiting things with lightning . ( usually after reading horrible internet comments ) no clue actually . from what she said , you have a ring around you body that's your visable aura , but you also have this interior colour inside you ( more like the colour of your soul or something like ... i know some people who can see auras , and apparently my outer aura is a deep teal / green , inner aura is light blue . i don't know is that correlates with others of my type or not . it would be ... hey i'm also an 18 year old female , but from canada ! just thought i'd say hi . :) gender : female age : 18 country : canada holy iguana . my childhood dreams are resurrected ! * sniff in grade 5 , i remember getting all excited when i found out our class was going to have pen pals from rome , and i bought a notebook and ... oh god , the one question i should never be asked ... the book thief . it's been amazing so far ! i second all of this . even though i hate being blamed for things i didn't do , in kindegarden my teacher lined us all up and interrogated us to find out who had done some long forgotten crime , i ... and here's another : dobby the house-elf snap ! all sparks and abashed remarks landed quick and fragile-footed in the potter boy's room he'd watched , he'd heard like a canary cabinet bird i wrote this shortly after my great aunt's death . she lived in a row house in ireland , and the last time i saw her she was standing in the doorway as we drove away in the rain . i'm not really happy ... i don't know about angry per-say ... frustrated and annoyed is more like it . because i'm in the mood for complaining , here we go : biggest pet peeve of all time - when people say ' no offence ' before ... sometimes i wish i had pseudopods like an amoeba . then i could engulf my food at the same time as typing , or playing violin . or playing checkers . the possibilities are endless . oh , that would be the ... this sounds like a mighty fine plan ! this is my life right now . i didn't think it could ever be so eloquently put . but truly , i understand how you're feeling , and i'd like to say , i'm here for you . and since i'm not ... ' i don't know half of you half as well as i should like ; and i like less than half of you half as well as you deserve . ' i hate math with a fiery passion likened to the intensity of a thousand volcanoes erupting at the same time . i intend to burn all my math notes this summer at a bonfire . it will be a therapeutic ... i've always thought of myself as a melancholic poet and whimsical romantic . i think people see me as a ' fanciful ' person , and a bit of a novelty . on the list provided though , i guess ' the ... probably something like ' mine the sleep eternal ' or something resembling a badass shakespearean soliloquy . a plague on both your houses ! fie ! alas ... i die . i've been going though a bit of an existential crisis of sorts lately . today i was thinking about perc and suddenly remembered you saying that i was ' an artist at heart ' at one point . and it made me ... i cannot walk straight . i always walk into my friends by accident . i'll start out fine , then gradually start moving diagonally until i end up sideswiping my company . i also run with all the ... thinking about halloween costumes right now . i'm wondering ... is it too nerdy to dress up like an apothecary bottle and shout shakespeare lines like oh true apothecary , thy drugs are quick ! , such ... we should both take a step in this together ! then we can swap stories : ) glad you thought i made any sense in my rambling ! wellsy i've always wanted to do that too ! well worded ! i was ... every time i go downtown , there's this boy , i'd say no older than 11 or 12 , just sitting there asking for food or money . i'm really curious why he's there , and what his story is . but i never stop , ... - i never walk normally up stairs . usually i tip-toe . sometimes i crawl . - sometimes i spontaneously roll down hills . - i still draw elf-ears on all my sketches . regular ears are too mainstream ... i do this too . once every day at least . it's pretty pathetic i haven't mastered the art of not inhaling my drink yet heh . here's a scenario : i was in a book store with some guys from school , trying ... owen pallett , beirut , frank turner , hey rosetta ! , j . b . dazen , radiohead , stars , david bowie , cat stevens , tom milsom , the barenaked ladies , modest mouse , frightened rabbit , boxer the horse , coldplay , ... 39347 milo thatch . between the two of us , the nerd levels would overload ! alright , i'm going to make a list : casper the friendly ghost prince zuko from avatar the last airbender mr . darcy-pride and prejudice peeta-the hunger games ron weasely-harry potter ... it's still here ! we're making double-rainbow milkshakes now . so beautiful . quick ! itx 92s starting to look like a triple rainbow ! join us ! byocs . ( bring your own crazy straw ) i'm sorry , but i couldn't help myself ... hey , i just me you . and this is crazy . but lets have milkshakes - tequilla ? - maybe . ( only if there are crazy straws involved haha :P ) really ... '