' the dog barks , yelling to the world of that which it fears , unable to quiet itself , it's futile mind not seeing the insanity it's little yelp does after the 50th time , 100th , oblivious of it's world ... so , in regards to drugs , and those who think it isn't really affecting someone : images of alcohol and drug abuse – amen clinics dr amen does a lot of spect analysis on various mental disorders , ... i have no problem with people who do drugs , as long as i don't have to see it / hear it / know it . i'm a stickler about a lot of things , and i have been living in my own place for the last 5 or so ... so is your husband the lion ? kick them in the nuts ! and did you win ? hahaha . i don't do drugs , i will never do drugs . you can argue this fact with me all you want , try to lessen them as if they're not as big of a deal , but i still think drugs are illegal forao reason and also ... ah .. sorry . i misunderstood your original statements ... seems you didn't imply them the way they were interpreted . :) i am guessing ridiculing and pointing fingers at other people is fine in your eyes , while being arrogant / smart is seen as unsightly and ignorant ? intps i think at times can potentially lose ... edit : after reading posts above me , i discovered i'm just re-iterating their points . never the less , i kept the post in tact for you . enjoy ! i think people aren't always easily typed , so don't ... in this regard , then , wouldn't an intp seem like an intj during the time they spend after being full ? ( returning inward , a ' sack of goodies ' may be like the full suitcase , they both set up different ... which book do you recommend ? i've read many books , and still lack this information you didn't specify . i suppose this was meant as sarcasm , if this is the case i apologize , not too good with ... ok i read it all .. haha . awesome . my heart went out to you in excitement reading about this event , i almost held my breath in anticipation on how it'd end up , it was like a great story ... though , i ... you know it's so interesting and fun to see personality types interact in the forums .. like the one liners between nikki and ninja .. i chuckled and wondered .. are they serious ? is it just a bit of ... i'm likely a faker entp . i have no idea what am i . feel free to tell me your thoughts . :P if your reply implied the girl does more than just follow lead , then you didn't disagree .. :) but to reply to the general theme of this topic , what i don't like about people who say people are stupid is that you essentially are calling yourself stupid .. it's the most pointless thing to ... this is multiple quotes isn't it ? let's see . people are stupid . this is a huge generalization that would encompass that even the person reading the quote is stupid , that you are stupid , that i am ... check out asperger syndrome - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia , though it's a debated disorder reading over the symptoms it is interesting , maybe you'll enjoy reading it too . hehe . it's a form of ... but if the male ballroom dancer is constantly asking the woman , and the woman never takes the initiative , then to me that is a crap relationship . your argument seems to suggest that if someone simply ... namely the part about control and order .. definitely . i hate getting drunk because of the loss of control , but apparantly i'm a lot cooler of a guy during that time .. haha . i will see if i can ... hahahaha .. oh man .. i can only imagine myself with viagra . if you knew me irl you would understand why . and , just to note the obvious , i get plenty of reaction during sex , it is only during the ... i've kissed a lot of girls .. never once found the spark .. guess i'll keep looking ... but i think i'll be doomed to just let her enjoy it , which i have enjoyment with her enjoyment ! i'm a nerd .. no really , network administrator and programmer . here's one to ponder though .. while i do enjoy making out and kissing and teasing , i do not get any form of reaction from it .. it is not so much a satisfying thing for me , except to see how ... @ fleur de lis : i tend to initiate my conversations , but if the girl just expects me to run the show i find that a turn off . i mean , any one who sits down and thinks about it should realize that ... i'm * nt * , i love making out .. i think the things you say with cute little gestures and small talk with your lips intimately is what makes a relationship ... here's a poem i wrote this made me think ... i think rouge is stating two points , one is about if life is predetermined , she used evidences about this via fortune tellers and others who are known to try to predict your fate or future in life ... hehe , thanks for the input misterni . i enjoyed the read . well , they have seemingly predictable attributes and things you can pattern out .. but to say they are always predictable is going to be proven wrong because of all the external influences and ... i love to write ... let's see ... we live in an age of shallow dreams ; where the giant trees towering above us look down , their tears are sap . we cut it , severing it's existence and it mourns for ... i am insistent on explaining why i was actually correct even if i was wrong ! hehe . * affect ( affect vs . effect grammar rules ) school has a purpose . if someone feels they are smart enough to not go to school then it is wise to learn the ability to teach themselves what they need to ... i take tests and come up intj , entj , intp , entp ... i'm not really sure which is the most representative of me .. depending on the circumstance , i see all these personality types inside of me , so uh ... i like intp / intj's . they're fun . i especially find myself attracted and wanting to date them if they're female . if they're male , they usually are great sources of information . yep , when everyone else dies down in energy , i get this new welled up one . in regards to the past my sleeping habit's bed time i get new energy i call this : zombification . like a zombie , you find ... youngest .. have 5 siblings . kayl , i like how you categorized what type of books you put each person in . the locked diary one was especially good , i can definitely see where you may get that perspective from . do you find it fun ... i find that when girls try to pursue me , they suck at it .. well , not that they suck , but more i suck at recognizing i'm being pursued ! subtle hints fail , if you do not tell me something bluntly , i ... even if you may dislike talking to f's about personal issues , they are great tools for figuring out other people you interact with and have problems understanding who show signs of f's . you can ... in light of the first post written here : i replied later with the advice that stop thinking so much about ... i laughed at the tree eating the sky . oh , yeah .. don't go crazy with emotions . i mean , nobody knows what you are tolerable of more than yourself . never put on a fake face , but you know , figure out your needs and work towards filling them ... i'm sorry , but intj's aren't allowed to procrastinate . their inner demons tell them they must constantly analyze everything and never sit idly . they are forced to over-analyze until new ventures of ... my senior year of high school was absolutely hilariously terrible for me . i think there's about 183 days in high school public , and i was over 18 , they had an attendance policy system where if you ... i'd be kind of caught in a whirlwind if a girl was blunt enough to say they think i'm cool and would like to get to know me . it's such a rarity now adays . i don't think your decision was an idiot one ... always remember when reading over intj posts that are regarded like boasting , they're likely doing a dry , satire comedy that most people have no idea how to interpret except as arrogance .. lol ... also , never change yourself for friends .. i mean , pay attention to what they dislike about you , but it's your responsibility to be yourself . when people tell you how you should be , don't do it for ... hahahaha , i'm still laughing at varulfr : are they interesting ? are they worth my time ? am i worth their time ? do we have common ideas on things ? characteristics ? do i value this person ? here's ... i kinda scanned the 4 pages of posts , namely looking at mute's posts . here's what i have to say , my only advice : find people you can relate with emotionally , open up to them , and the world becomes ... '