' well , i do have glasses and my hands are pretty hairy . wait , what kind of over stimulation are we talking about ? depending on their size , 3-5 contractor grade trash bags , a good sharp skip-tooth chain on my stihl , and a good old deep lake ! but seriously ? lot's of ignoring , glazed eyes , uh huhs , and very ... wallet , keys , knife , phone , loose change . somehow nails , screws , bolts , etc end up in there at the end of the day . some kind of complicated device , usually not mine , gets taken apart to see how it works . all the parts get thrown into coffee cans , boxes , egg cartons , etc . which then usually get jumbled whenever i ... mountain biking road biking trail running 9 ball fishing used to hunt a lot more but haven't been in a while . hmmm ... i rarely ever fidget . fidgeting is a sign of nervousness and i rarely ever care enough about something to be nervous . it sounds to me like the fidgeting is more of an anxiety issue and less of ... made it through high school . did one semester of college , was there maybe 1/2 the time , maybe . did pretty good too , but said fuck it and went into the trades , like i knew i would before i even ... chainsaw on a motherfuckin stick ! ! always got a's on tests without studying jack shit . always maintained a solid mid c to high d average . always in trouble for disrupting class . equally loved and hated by teachers . well , we don't exactly advertise . some of our activities are less than legal . trespassing , drinking in public , keggers in state parks , etc . just google search the name of your town , or the ... you don't actually run and drink at the same time , you stop and do the drinking then take off running after the beer is gone . it's surprisingly not all that bad to do . but i can run and drink at the ... do what i did , start running with the drinking club with a running problem aka hash house harriers . you get to drink beer , run through some seriously nasty shit or through your town , and a sick ... love love love tools ! i really like tools that serve one purpose like special pliers for crimping one specific electrical connector and stuff like that . linesman's pliers framing hammer stihl ... hehe , to a bunch of my friends going off to do something without me , i hope you guys get raped tonight i usually only ever drive my work truck , which is a commercial vehicle . you don't want to pay a speeding ticket in that . my car is an old volvo , so it's about impossible to speed . when i had my ... don't live there , but i'd seriously murder someone for a super italian beef with extra gard and that garlic juice ! are you familiar with the song i used to work in chicago ; 0 omg ! i got chills watching that ! that man has brass balls you could sink a ship with . i've ridden some hairy shit , but nothing like that ! i'm not naturally violent . i'm an introverted thinker and therefore keep my emotions , like anger , under control . i'll use violence as a tool if need be , but it's pretty senseless to do so ... every personality type has layers . an istp is no different than any other type in that regard . no one but a complete loon goes about the world revealing their inner core to all . we all have a ... goddamn ! i'm so attracted to bad girls . they make their own rules , like me , and that's so fucking hot . society says a woman shouldn't swear , shouldn't behave like a slut , should shave their ... my bestie is an enfj . i like the drama from time to time and the opportunities to problem solve , she likes the fact that i don't give a fuck when shit hits the fan . oh god ! the gym ! can't stand those places . i ride my bike to work which gives me 1.5 hours of cardio 5 days a week . work is super physical , basically climbing ladders all day long and then ... i really like to hug ... people i like . i don't like those weird awkward i don't really know you but it seems like i should hug you kind of hugs . people like my really good friends , girlfriends , and ... 1 ) dream job is where i get paid loads of money to travel around the world troubleshooting and repairing complex machinery . ideally the work environment would have a decent element of danger i . e . in ... they make some pretty badass sport-tourers these days . i'm hungry for speed though ;) it's been too long since i've gone over a 100 . ahh . good bike to learn with . what kind do you want then :) had a suzuki dr400 but didn't have room to bring it to oregon . dying for a ducati monster 696 . i don't feel the need to have a ... navy what , i just saw the word motorcycle ! what kind of bike do you have ? - ride a shopping cart down a big hill . wear a helmet and pads . - go to a bar late at night and hit on some drunk tools girl . start a fight . - eat a whole 8 piece pizza then go out and run a few ... ugh ! fucking cats ! everywhere you look on the goddamned internet there's a fucking cat doing this or a cat doing that . i loathe the little shit-pawed monsters . you have to scoop up their liquid ... to be an istp , you must pay way more attention to the idling car at a stop sign that's obviously low on oil and sounds like it has a cylinder missing or two , than to your enfj friends latest ... road trip ! ! this only started bothering you to the point of asking for help after 9 years ? i'm guessing you're pretty special to him , otherwise he wouldn't waste that much time on you . i know i sure as hell ... uh yeah , climbing kinda sucks , but it makes the downhills so much more worth it and keeps the weak / fatties / lame-o's from getting in your way . and oh hells yeah on disc brakes . i'll never ride a ... i know right ! i've probably dropped 20 pounds since starting . must . try . snowboarding . i went over the bars all the time when first starting . same scenario , jam the front brake when dropping ... that's awesome ! the faster you go , the more likely the bike will stay upright . it's like riding a sport bike , they're unstable as shit at 20 mph , but get up over a 100 and they ride like silk ( i ... who's doing it ? where are you doing it ? what are you doing it on ? my newest interest has become mountain biking . naturally , i instantly got the hang of it and now can't get enough of it . i know ... daft punk technologic cake the distance hank snow i'm moving on the murder city devils bunkhouse otep fists fall tihuana tropa de elite i can seriously get into cooking bbq . the real slow smoked , dry rubbed , go for 16 hours kind . not the shit that they call bbq at places likes chilli's or it's ilk . it's one of my interests so i can ... because i'm 800 feet in the air dismantling a radio antenna ! just turned 30 and i live in portland , or . 1 . ) i am definitely attracted to and click with people who are out there . people who are socialites , born with silver spoons in their mouths , etc . generally don't appreciate the small things in ... maybe ! i was pretty plowed when this got taken so i don't know anything about this person . 2775627757 2775827759 27760 # 1 900 feet up fixing tv antenna transmission line . # 2 done running 5 miles , ready to fucking drink ! # 3 750 feet rebuilding a radio antenna . very cold ! # 4 i get pretty ... why vietnam ? super weird food , motorcycles and bicycles everywhere , and it's an amazingly beautiful country . plus the vietnamese people are way cool , friendly . no-nonsense , no-bullshit , people . easy ! ducati monster 696 remington 7mm magnum rifle , ar - 15 , and desert eagle . 50 complete set of snap-on tools trip to vietnam felt cyclocross bike a day getting to use a wrecking ball a man is taking a screening test to enter a very top secret and highly sensitive nsa position . one of the tests is loyalty based . the man is given a gun by the proctor of the test and told that his ... my social activities almost all involve something physical as well . group road or mountain bike rides come to mind , although i sometimes get frustrated by slow riders or riders who want to small ... honestly , as an oregonian , and by default a person who enjoys being in the mountains , you can't go wrong with a subaru . they're cheap-ish , run forever , good on fuel , and will go places a full size ... i'm guessing you're a young'n as i had similar problems like this as well . i'd get so frustrated with people telling me how i really felt or why i was really doing something . now , at almost ... '