' huh , no-one ? iam also interested if the premiums are worth . can i have a coffe ? iam going to read / listen the novel , so i wonder in before about his personality . so , what is your advice when you have to finish a plate ? oh come on , my mind is suicidal all the time , but iam still on my feet prepared to fail again . :-P my point is , i can't say or judge how funny i can be or what i can ... ok , you got me . but still better than just bitching about the thread . at least you are posting pretty gifs . the video makes basics philosophy statements in a kids-show graphic and you are starting with sin , cos graphs . this is the flow of discussion i had in my mind . :-) alright mister intuitive argument , then tell me your reason why is this video so uninteresting ? they are showing what you already know ? or do you not agree with their theories ? do you don't like ... well , it is a theory from first thoughts about the show . but most of cartoons ( or stories in general ) works under some directing / scripting rules ; and i can see character similarities in the steven ... so do you agree with my post ? ok , just got sucked into that show because of a audio track of pink lion mane . xd so i have just seen about first 10 episode and there must be some cartoon fact to with to get their characteristics ... true . ok , show me a better example please . typical damn it ! i can't edit the first comment of mine ? i want to pin up the good comment , or copy-paste to the first page . is there a possibility ? well , i was expecting someone ( for example you ) do a similar thing , post a video reference and do some witty comment to it . can anyone do dark souls 1 characters ? :-D oh ! an introduction thread ! i guess it is my turn as well ! basic questions : 1 ) age or age range ? about 30 2 ) city , country and / or region ? heart ( buttcrack ) of europe , czech . 3 ) tell us ... no-one sending us messages , no-one answering our calls . we may be completely alone . - that iam not getting any calls or messages it doesn't mean there ... my old engraving . joewere.deviantart.com/art/mountain-dragon-engraving-438457960 cynical , straight-forward . south park / house md kind of ... sometimes i make connections to different thoughts or references and had to laugh in my mind to myself , if it is something other will not ... iam joe and my long time nickname is weredragon ; i guess because iam schizophrenic dragon lover . when i was learning how to draw , it is more easy or accepting to draw a bad anatomy on fantastic ... so why he is intj ? what are your clues ? yes , that is exactly the point . you finish your tasks because you developed yourself . :-) you were working on your weakness . do you have some creative related tasks that depends on your ... that saitama avatar just suits you . :-) well i'll use one of those citations from 16personalities : can find it difficult to focus – the same flexibility that allows entps to come up with such original plans and ideas makes them readapt ... that neverending problem of entp . right ? well i think this thread is needed ( if it is already here , tell me and ill delete it ) first what hit me to start this thread is this video : ... where did you get that hunter thing ? yeah . the forum doesn't want to cooperate with me . drunk parrot : you sir are some fast learner ! p . s . : i almost laughed my ass off . p . s . s . : about that math problem , just use zequals instead of equals ; that's a good start how to bendover some math . how do entps engage in conversation with complete strangers ? - in any place like subway or waiting room where strangers are i notice some kind of detail which initiate an interest in me ; it could ... hard to describe for me what is in fact a meditation and what is not . but iam interested in martial art , where i understand meditation as a tool of will ; understanding your body and its limits and ... how do i look ? scontent-frt3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/994120_10201259910083553_107060997_n.jpg?oh=b1d8ad68e6dda68979c905a0dec26ce7&oe=57D74C47 ... about numbers and math , i like this little helper : zequals and estimation - numberphile youtu.be/aojofh2_4pe i can autopsy , disassemble and molest everything my mind will land on . all thoughts , theories , theologies and opinions can lay in front of me and the first thing i will say will be : bend over . i know i have dreams ; everybody has dreams . but i know what you are talking about . long time ago when i had more dreams ( and nightmares ) i was starting to examine dreams , experimenting with dreams ... sleep is for the weak . - but hey , when iam going to bed , iam sleeping quite dead ( with a video playlist marathon turned on ) . for ten years since my high school i didn't know what kind of career i should do; now iam doing metal crafting , but still had to think about how to develop my career to the next level . i know and ... iam voting this as entp theme song because of weird al and because one day i wanna make a photo / video montage with this music of all my crazy shows , cosplays and creations i ever done ! weird al ... from this video i got the sense he must be nt ! breaking rules ( p ? ) , thinking outside of box , thinking about impossible like what if . the talking about what people says you can't , but if he will do ... hi , i wonder if there are some entp from czech republic or city prague specifically . it could be fun to know more friends with the same need to autopsy some topics with a cup of coffe . zdravím , ... iam making my personal entp playlist . iam looking for some new things around here and there . if there is some track you don't agree with or know about something more to add to it please , share your ... ok , i guess i can tell my piece of story here to you all , because it has been quite a emotional journey for me . iam entp . now i know . i know it for a month , more or less . did the information change ... avocatintraining : hi , iave read you comment about your parents are estj and istj and you yourself are entp . i would like to talk more about it because i think we have the same situation and perhaps ... '