thank you for the help everyone :D so i posted another thread because i had absolutely no idea what type i was ( ) but ... wow , what an interesting post :D after i thought i was an intp for a long time i realised i was either infp or enfp ( i am still quite a lot like an intp but i rely on my emotions too much , the rest is ... thank you for that answer . about making decisions sometimes i make them based on feelings and sometimes the other way . thanks for the info ! i think i've found my final personality type , enfp . i don't care if it isn't considered the most intelligent type . i was stuck between entp and enfp . entp were described as being ... 1 ) do you like tea ? specifically hot tea ? yes , i love tea . especially spearmint :) 2 ) do you often think about society and how downhill it is going ? ( of course thats a loaded and assumptious ... well a lot of things can make me cry : - failure , bad grades and more failure - death - sad movies . the only three that make me cry are marley and me , titanic and lilo and stitch ( yes , i am aware of ... i would probably say i know what you mean . i say that a lot . i re took the personality type test answering truthfully for everything and turns out i'm entj . so i'm happy that i actually know what ... ahh , ok . i actually haven't discovered my learning style yet :( i would probably be most likely to be a visual learner or a listener ( i forgot the term for it ) learner . thanks for the answer :) by learning style , are you talking about stuff like being a visual learner or somebody that learns by taking notes e . t . c ? oh by the way my enneagram types ... core = type 5 with six wing second strongest = type 3 least used = type 9 i am just so confused . all the personality tests out there are different and i get different results on them all . sometimes i'm intp , sometimes i'm intj and i've even been called an enfj ! here are ... that's very nicely said . when i do online quizzes , i really try to answer truthfully on ' what would you do if ... ' situations and not what i would like to do . if i've been answering what i would like ... i'm definitely not skinny and clumsy . i used to be but then i entered the teenage years and now i'm kind of curvy . i eat ... a lot but i don't get that fat . i don't even exercise : laughing : i have this big book of puzzles that i do when i have nothing else to do . :) also in my spare time i learn turkish ( i'm half turkish and my dad never had time to teach me the language so i have to ... no i mean when really bad art gets appreciated and good art doesn't . it's also the same with music . there are so many amazing but undiscovered artists out there but only the really bad ones get all ... i'm an intp and i can be very emotional ... sometimes . most of the time i'm kind of cold and quiet . i act kind of optimistic even if i'm not but sometimes some events can trigger this kind of emotional ... first test i got enfp for some reason ( i selected the wrong option ) then for some other reason i thought i was esfp ( wtf ? ) and then i got entp and finally i discovered i was more introverted so i got ... happy to hear i have touched the hearts of others : laughing : being an intp i think entp's are cool people ( i used to think i was entp but i am now sure i'm intp ) . they never fail to make me laugh :) wtf ? i got intj . i know i'm intp . how do i get the intp result ? i have a wide range of laughs . if i am around other people it's my girly high laugh , if i'm by myself it's the crazy laugh and if the thing i'm laughing at is the funniest thing ever i do the silent ... ooh i'll give this a try . i liek 2 parteee evry nite and get weysteddd ! ! ! omg justin bieber forever <3 <3 <3 <3 nerdss succkkk ! ! ! duumb and proud ! ! ! :D :D ;) people come to me for spellings . i was in the school spelling bee ( please don't call me a nerd ) and after that people are constantly asking ' quick ! how do you spell fire ? ' also they come for me to ... - people so stupid you want to throw a brick at them . - annoying teen trends like ' yolo ' , ' i don't need good grades when i have swag ' and of course internet memes . - people who worships others . one ... so after a long journey of personality type changes ( first i got enfp because i clicked the wrong option , then esfp because it was underneath my result so it was the one i wrote down ) and now i'm ... you know , it's weird . sometimes i truly believe stuff like ' oh god i'm so amazing ' and ' just gonna let the haters hate ' but most of the time i am so self-conscious and have so much lack of confidence ... you read giant encyclopaedias before you go to bed thinking ' what a nice , light before bedtime read ! ' ( i actually do this : blushed : i would think about it for a while , and then i would set off to try to make myself even smarter . i would go and learn as much as i can basically . i do get the feeling that people think it , yes . i have very high energy levels and am usually optimistic and bouncy ( this is only with people i am comfortable with ) and usually these traits are ... ooh , i'm an intp and i know what offends me and hurts my feelings . - criticise our work . well , if anyone criticises my work i get all ... upset - insult our intelligence . even if the intp you're ... actually in my school it's the other way round . you know in schools the popular crowd is made up of all the attractive people ? the popular crowd in my school doesn't have many stupid people . i think ... oh , i get really upset . i cried when i read my report ( my parents were meant to open it but i have a curious mind , i wanted to see what i had ) even though it was ' good ' in my parents ' eyes . i got all ... being an intp , i do like to argue - things like debates and intelligent arguments . i hate , however , real arguments that break up friendships and families . i think the thing about me that annoys other ... okay , there's this book series called ' skulduggery pleasant ' ( it's for teenagers . it says it's for 9 + but the books get really dark ) and i was making an account on sp forums and i had to create a ... 1 . ) unethical - i'm not 2 . ) joker - i am a bit of a joker 3 . ) no feelings - false ( i'm very emotional ) 4 . ) cocky - i honestly don't know . most of the time if i think to myself ' whoah i've done ... i re-did the myers briggs personality test and it listed me as an entp so that's why i didn't feel like an enfp . first i thought i was an ensp ( memory mistake ) then enfp and now entp . what's going to ... i don't think they do . i think i'm pretty intelligent ( but not a super duper genius ) , and i tend to be neat and organized ( i'm a perfectionist - all my teachers say it ) but i tend to be a bit hyper ... i just took the brutally honest personality test and it called me an infj even though i'm not ( the previous thread i posted was a mistake - i thought i was esfp . never mind ) i don't really think i'm an enfp so i was wondering if you guys actually thought i would be something else . i'm also ...