' when not getting along with an entp , its mostly due to the entp showing some disrespect towards my person . entps i know love to dis and shit-talk . i care , but not that much . entps are the best for ... art . the teacher grades you based off effort , but there was always those amazing art students . usually made ok grades though deleted could i hear your ps2 recommendations ? mine would be sotc , mgs 2/3 , and this one game called steambot chronicles if you happen to chance upon playing it . oh yeah , and katamari damacy . yea , some sage too xd edit : that's a cool name btw . don't know , but you reminded me to buy some thyme . man it's all good . we're just not ones to say anything unless we really think we should . man , just toke on some good chiba . sit down and chill out . yes of course . i watched a bit of the video and now i am 100 % certain that's an intp . just a very warm intp . remember the way this works : ... guy is intp . i can tell it without even having to watch the video . : you have two types that have the same kind of function ; in ... you know , i take back my previous statement . intj and isfj can work . beautifully , in fact . the key thing to remember is that they both complement each other with their functions : ... hm , i prefer not to mix the two . but again , it doesn't make any difference . depends on what ratio of high-to-drunk i am . 80 % high and 20 % drunk is totally different than the reverse . no change . when i get high though i become more infp-ish . what about when an intp is the one telling lies ? how do you handle it ? my aim was to have a friendly push / shove with a male intj . it is not my goal to antagonize females in any way . well said . my apologies for that . not trying to step on anyone's toes , especially not the female intjs . i made the false assumption she was male because i didn't see her gender symbol at first , though , which is ... yes sir you're absolutely right . i didn't forget anything . i posted regardless because it's constructive . it is about furthering your knowledge on how one type reacts with another . that's why i always check the type of the person ... hm ? can you explain your method of reading people ? well surely there must be some form of office you can hold ? mayor ? council member ? please help us ; the current us law system is a complete total utter mess of massive proportions . my advice would be to just stay on top of your s * * * like a mother . that way , your landlady can never say anything . yesss . see ? you took what i had and built a new mental road out of it . that's what draws me to entps , those constant new ideas . edit : you also have the ability to make new mental roads from the ... dear intj-who-doesn't-pay-attention-to-details , everyone's type is indicated directly below their username to the left of their post , above their avatar , assuming they've allowed to have their type ... more the former than the later , because if you're talking about something someone doesn't care about you can pick up on that pretty quickly and easily . here's a new example : right now i can't ... it's not so much about what i think about them , but what they think about me and everyone else . and sometimes when i'm around one for too long , too much just becomes too much , know what i'm ... i don't have ni , so i'm totally clueless as to how that goes . your friend sounds like entj who didn't take the test seriously on her first try . therefore , she sounds like entj to me . i can never ... hahahahahaahahahahaahahaaa : laughing : for sure , you guys are the best . this goes out to my esfj friends :  man , i just think infjs are the shit . it's so interesting how that one difference of f and t makes you leagues different from intjs . whereas isfjs can be seen as more accommodating variant of istjs ; ... there's a really good scene at the end of austin powers : goldmember which i think is relevant . i cant seem to find it , but it entails austin powers telling scott evil that in the end , ... you just ... easy . tell her high gpa = scholarship money . almost all colleges offer some kind of scholarship for academic achievement or athletic achievement . even if it's just another $ 1,000 a semester ; that's ... nah . i'm sure she doesn't care . it's funny though lol i wouldn't go to that party unless i was feeling strong and confident . as an istj , my advice to you is take a breather , sit back and relax ; let yourself recover . i also highly suggest taking the ... i know it's not possible , i'm just saying if it happened it would be like having superpowers or something lol . my mind is like a workshop ; filled with every moment , fact , detail , piece of ... this is my favorite out of all everything that you guys said . : tongue : can you tell me more about how my type ruffles the feathers of you intjs ? it's hysterical . ^ that kind of outright narcissism displayed by the enfp's boyfriend is very telling of an entp to me , of at least an e , so he def cannot be intj . never heard an intj talk like that in my life now ... : laughing : man , you good . / gives high-five honestly though dude ; don't smile if you don't feel like it . be cool instead . female isfj and male intj ? : laughing : disaster waiting to happen . i am not isfj , but close enough . for me , i have two ways of thinking ; practical-physical and intuition-feeling . the second one is basically using my mind without thinking . it's like a little voice ... it's not your shadow function , it's your tertiary function . you have ne fi , but then you also have te si . that self-analyzing part is your si , screaming out for you to notice it . please please ... smoke weed . / solid advice . awww shucks . i just want to give you a big hug . :p roud : you mean like getting a bad feeling out of nowhere ? that happen sometimes . what can you do about it ? like you said , just try to think your way out of it . use your introverted sensing , extroverted thinking ! these are your tertiary functions . you're working from the left brain when you're doing the fi ne functions , and the right brain when using your si ... yeah . i don't know what to say . male infps freak me out ( in a good way ) , with their uncanny sense of righteousness . female infps , while attractive at times , could really use more structured thought ... can you elaborate on how it is you clash with istjs ? i think that would be helpful for others . is it just that you can't run any silly games past an istj without getting a blank response ? istjs ... we're powerful allies to have around . and i appreciate your informative response . note , however , there are enormous differences between estj and istj . you can group those two together if you want , ... '