' i really don't care if the entire world knows who i am from one giant act . i care more about those little girl scouts i used to take care of and the impact i made on them . i care about my students ... this is only a guess but i believe : mom : intp step-dad : isfj dad : isfp step-mom : enxj ( it's hard to type her because i only see her negatives ) i completely agree with this ! especially when i get in a relationship . i don't view myself as clingy . if it ended , i can take care of myself and be on my own . however , i put my all into a ... misconception : i'm a bitch . truth : i just have a really hard time opening up to people and when i'm in public i can get a bit freaked out . i do not like strangers touching me or sometimes talking ... i just simply call myself socially awkward . i think it's more that i feel uncomfortable socializing or unsure vs . not knowing how to . i am currently in college and actually taught 2 sections of nau 100 this semester . i used to be extremely nervous in front of groups . in high school , i actually cried in front of my class because i ... i am currently in college to become a teacher . my degree is in secondary english education with a minor in psychology . my target age group is 7th - 10th grade . middle school is what is really calling ... i was born the oldest , but when my parents remarried i became the middle child . not really sue how to classify that . i consider myself the middle child . i actually feel the opposite . i always stay in vs going out . i always choose skipping a meal vs spending another dime or using it on something i don't need . i've actually had a lot of people tell me ... well when i reject a romantic partner it is either because of a . i already have a relationship or b . i really do not feel a romantic interest in that person . i often reject new friend ... i'm proud to be who i am . sometimes i'm overemotional , i put too much into things , i can be offended easily , and i probably day dream way too much , but that's who i am . i'm done being the weird one ... i am terrified of not getting over my fear of communication . i hate sharing what's going on in my mind because it always comes across so foreign . something may brew for a few years before i finally ... i used to , but i stopped . writing a journal actually made me more upset about my situations because suddenly they were on paper and they were real . if i just think about them for a moment i can at ... i put infj because i really believe my boyfriend now is my soulmate . he's my best friend and the greatest guy i know . thank you to all for posting ! :) i am glad this hasn't been sucked into a black hole and forgotten about . not at all . i do not think that anyone is better than me or worse than me . we are all simply different . i have extremely christian friends and then i have friends that get high and drunk every ... sometimes the things you wonder about make me laugh seriously , you're 20 ? ! i thought you were 15 ! where did that thought even come from ? i want some of whatever you're on * blank ... my favorite romantic things are the ones that have thought put behind them . i love random flowers for no reason . they don't have to be store bought or expensive . my ex actually grew a rose and made ... i am a taurus and an infp . my boss loves zodiac and calls me a flaming taurus and typically uses me as an example when explaining things to other employees . i have been in 2 long distance relationships . one was for an entire year and we ended up breaking up . he was my high school sweetheart and we decided to go to different colleges . having that gap ... i break down from stress . sometimes i actually make myself sick from all of it . once things are handled , i feel like i can breathe again . i am afraid of a lot of things . it's actually quite pathetic at time . here is just a list of some things . - big cats . my # 1 phobia . - the dark - aliens - knives and flames being near me - ... i am currently a secondary english education major with a minor in psychology i think you can mend . i have personally had a relationship end after 5 years and i always thought that he could possibly have a part of me that i could never get back ... but it's not true . when i was ... i know that you said it's in your nature to not ask a girl out and hearing no is the end of the world , but if it matters , you'll go for it . just take a deep breath and do it . if it makes you feel ... i definitely lie to make my friends feel better . i am the first to tell them that a shirt looks good on them when it doesn't . i also avoid people a lot . when i do not feel like hanging out , i ... yesterday i noticed these really strange cuts on my arm . my dad was sitting right next to me when i noticed them and began questioning how they got there . he tilted his head to look at them and held ... i honestly think that it depends on what you are trying to find out . some things i will simply answer when you ask a question . other things , you have to really push me until i finally explode and it ... i want kids more than anything in the world . well ... other than my husband , of course :) even in kindergarten , i always told people that i wanted to be a mom . if i couldn't have kids , i would be ... i'm not an infj , but i do slam doors when i get angry , so i just thought i would add a little comment . slamming doors helps me escape from the problem and show that i'm angry . that door shutting is ... - cheating ... this is my # 1 deal breaker and the most harmful thing a person could do . i might try to work it out , but i can guarantee that i will not be able to fully trust that person again and ... i honestly think you need to make the most out of what you have . if you are miserable and aren't enjoying your current position , then work for something different ? or appreciate what you have . i got ... the fire science program allows them to train to be firefighters . my lil sister's boyfriend is in it because that is his future career goal . he is actually already a certified emt at 18 because of it ... i do not think i could live with myself . honestly , i can be an emotional roller coaster and my other self would just grow heavy with the weight of it . all of it would be a giant mess and we would ... i think cheating is one of the worst things a partner could ever do to me . i am always terrified of being cheated on and i would never be able to fully trust my significant other if it ever happened ... i think it really depends on the school and the teachers . honestly , i believe my creativity was not hindered by education at all . one teacher i had in high school actually was in charge of my history ... it really does :) i am dating an infj and it has been the best relationship i have ever experienced . before him , i was in a relationship for 5 years and i can still say that i have experienced more ... when i first told my mom about all of this information , she immediately agreed with my personality type when i told her the title of it . she said that i always wanted to fix everything . if people ... when i dream , it is always in color ( sometimes certain objects / scenes of the dream are strangely black and white and certain objects are in color ) . my dreams are usually very vivid and i often feel ... huffleclaw ! you scored 20 % slytherin , 48 % ravenclaw , 28 % gryffindor , and 44 % hufflepuff ! ... i actually was left handed as a child , but my parents forced me to use my right to make it easier . for some activities , i use my left hand , but my right now now my dominant hand . tommy pickles ! ! i loved this show when i was younger . :) i just loved his sense of adventure and his imagination . when i am completely alone in my room , i sometimes find it boring because i love to people watch . when i am alone in public , i love to listen to everything around me and fill in the conversations ... i agree with this . i just try to forget about it as much as possible . sometimes i have nightmares that remind me or i am faced with a death . when someone dies , whether i know them or not , i ... i am in love with an infj . so i will have to stick to my amazing guy . :) since being in a relationship with him , it is difficult for me to image going back to any past relationship i had . i love it ! 1 . i am sorry about your divorce , but i am glad you can look past it . :) i love being with him . not just because he's an infj . personally , i don't believe that is what defines a person because there ... i think it's awful . i just don't understand why others cannot accept their friend's beliefs . obviously not everyone does this , but the ones that do make me cringe . oh i don't have a problem with any religion either . i just get extremely uncomfortable when the topic comes up . someone i considered a friend told me that i was going to hell because of my beliefs ... ok . i really don't like to be labeled as anything in a religious aspect . so i still would never call myself unitarian universalism . that's just my opinion . 1 . ) what is your opinion on abortion ? i have a really hard time with this . i really do believe that women should have the right to decide , but to a certain extent . i'm sorry , if you get knocked up ... '