' gah its beeen so long since i've done this . please change mine to hevendemo thank you in the enfp forum , we thought he might be enfp since he mingles with people , refuses to live in the papal mansion , try to satisfy both sides and is pretty talkative and fun . . _ . but then we might ... are you high ... ? ( i reply , im high in life ! ) you're sooo cute ! ( b-but ... i'm fierce ... * pouts * ) you are a whole heck of a lot deeper than how you act . why do you act dumb when ... wow ... i'm in the same situation , i want to hear options too . _ . mom still recovering from the breakup . i'm pure uke . _ . i can never go seme . i tried once , it failed miserably , he just topped me and had no idea i was trying to top him ; - ; ( no intercourse of course , just cuddling ) not sure if this is on topic , but i really like the new pope better than pope benedict xvi . lol i'm wondering what happened , did you look it up or something ? xd would you classify enfps as seme or uke ? i think we're switches , or ukes . mainly uke > _ > rarely see a seme in the picture ... err , to simplify ... are we more top or bottom ? love food ! and animals and cuddling and sleeping and more food ! ! welcome my little noobs to perc the enfp forum is entertaining since i'm an enfp myself , an is younger than you . _ . but i tend to hang out with people older than me . you'll love it . some people ... anyone ... ? it's a really big question that bothers meee eternal pain , but you get used to pain ... ? so basically it's nothing ? if you feel it constantly , then it just dulls out ... right ? yes and no ... i can't tolerate whining ... i'd need space so i need a partner with patience to take over when i'm introverting . omg ... i actually see myself that way and its scary ... : shocked : good point > u > i like them very much suits and ties . . ___ . istj . i wanna see how it's like to be my polar opposite x95_x95 give us hugs ! ! ! 83208 83209 83210 83211 83212 i've never met one and i'm not old enough to be a parent . i imagine myself as an awesome mom when i have a family , but that won't be in a long while . so i got curious . is anyone a parent , or have ... yes but it's cute xd i can remember random things well , like what i'm interested in or not paying attention to , than being forced to remember . i'm known as a data-base from all i know o ^ o all the seasons ! i'm a veeerrryyy lazy person . but when needed to work out , i'd do it . in schoo i'm the one who pushes myself to the imit by running around during a game . i'm mneh about fitness . i don't gain ... omfg lmao can he not see the legs ? ! don't get plastic surgery it's baaaddd . it should only be given to people without faces , or a really disfigured face . otherwise you're just fake . what's up with people hiding their true selves ? ... ugh ew gross go die in a hole i'm joking xd not ugly o-o i only express my goofy side . i can be serious , but i can't seem to hide my emotions . no matter how hard i try it ends up slipping out . as for an istj friend , he's ... blank ... . ___ . basically : ... nope o-o when i was younger yes . wait ... does ice cream count ? i'm territorial about that still . it's my ice cream > : c ... they'd wonder what it was for and why you did it . hmmm ... from my experiences , they tend to try to show it in a physical way , or become friendly , even if it means embarrassing themselves . haha , you can see it in their faces , its cute ~ > u > glasses . but my eyes are getting worse . my eft eye is 0.35 and my right is 0.78 from the last time i checked . guys . i have a question . how do you feel eternal pain and suffering ? do you get used to it ? . _ . i felt that we can pass by them like the wind since we're so good at communicating with people x95 ^ x95 i drew a huge penis on this guy's project as a prank , then he was gonna go turn it in without checking . i stopped him and right when i was about to tell him , i couldn't stop laughing because of his ... woah ... that theory is pretty cool actually lol . not religious but i have had dreams about the good guy actually being a bad guy . this should become a movie ... omg i have heard this said so many times . how do we do this ? ? ? ! ! think its because we're so nice that it seems wrong to hurt them ? i heard someone say that before ... . ___ . i don't actually care . _ . mo usually find that girls need to make eye contact when talking to them . guys don't really care much . i do that only with my guy friends though , girls tend to get pissy . okonomiyaki , takoyaki , taiyaki , hiroshima style okonomiyaki , ohagi , dango , nikuman , menchi katsu , salad topped with potato salad with sesame dressing and sweet corn with tuna , ikameshi , korokke pan , ... random enfp exploring . i think i'm extremely easygoing to the point people think they can take advantage of me x95 ^ x95 people have seen me irritated , i get huffy , and they think its adorable and that i'm mad but i'm not • _ • i was just dissapointed , not angry . it's either i get huffy , or start crying . rarely do ... super cheerful and patient types are the scariest when mad . . _ . i have really violent thoughts too , like when mad , internally , not physically . so ... bloody e_e i think i'm a scary person but people ... like , anyone , ever been faced with an enfp's rage ? how's it like ? i heard its scary . i've never actually been mad before ... i know i'm scared if myself when i get mad though . . _ . they say all ... yep . it's asking what they are then someone throws a bomb into someone's beliefs . jeez > _ > woof . all out battle now gahhh i go through this all the time . when i speak , it's all herp a derp derp ! ! ! rainbows ! ! ! then when i write people's jaws drop from how intelligent i really am . i'm a deep person , but i ... woof . i come back from introverting and there's still so much butt-hurt . well we were talking a lot recently , him talking to me actually . . _ . then he just suddenly avoids . i find it random . and the relationship was good , i don't know how it ended though , it just did , then ... oooh ~ i want to talk to her now o ^ o okay , so my ex from 1.5 years ago is looking at me . like , he looks at other people , but with me its petrifying , like a deep stare , like he's expecting something . e-e ah , he's an istj , i'm his polar ... '