'  dont read this if you dont want to hear me ramble about my thoughts consuming my mind ... just a warning ... my mom has been diagnosed with cancer ... im struggling on how to fathom this thought ... when i was a child my dream was to become a divorce attorney due to the incline of divorce ... lol true story ... needless to say not many friends growing up lmao    477498 lmao sooo true lol it had me rolling in my chair ! ! ! im glad im not the only one who found these soo hilarious lol ! well yall , i found out today im presumptive prison ... sooo im going to prison yaaay ... decided to clean my shit up a few months too late i guess .  ...  lmmfao ! ! ! i know it does ! ! ! lol we plan on moving an hour away to the biggest city in kansas lol , i know its not far but we dont want to move too far from our families . however we still want better opportunities at employment and ... i have been indulging myself with the internet and virtual friends since i decided to get clean . i have plans to move when my boyfriend gets out of jail in february . i have to get out of this ... i am from a small town where everyone is on drugs ... parents , grandparents , children , young adults , everyone ... its actually quite miserable    i regret pushing my fiance away initially in our relationship ... still causes friction to this day 1 . i am better than yesterday , not as good as tomorow 2 . my boyfriend and our meth addictions 3 . sad and regretful of the past and worried im incapable of change in the future i refuse to conform lol i desire my fiance to get out of jail already ! ! ! 3 months for driving on a suspended is a bit much dontcha think ? ? he gets out feb 7th @ 7:37 pm .. i wish it would get here already ! ! ! lmao i think this was meant to be insulting lol im not sure but you cracked mah shit up dude :D  lol thank you :D im trying hard general name ? cassandra nicole cook , but i go by cassy obviously lol gender ? female age ? 24 years old screen name ? cassycook 23 birthday ? october 24th 1991 race ? im white school / grade ? no ... general name ? gender ? age ? screen name ? birthday ? race ? school / grade ? job ? lol no its good :D i can dig it lol yeah there is ! i drew this last night because i noticed my obvious track marks and have had meth on the mind all night :/ 468634 uuummm ... the longest i have ever been awake was 36 days but i used to shoot meth religiously ... is that cheating ? lol hello : happy : im looking for all sorts of new music to love ! ! ! please feel free to post all of your favorite songs ! i need me some new jams lol music is basically all i do since getting sober ...  these are my arms ... sorry for the angle ... my webcams touchy with lighting and drawings 468266 4682 58 '