' no , because it's complete fucking bullshit . if anyone really wants me to go listmaking on why it's bullshit , i'll do that , but if you really need to hear the reasons as to why it's bullshit , ... only ever happened when watching schindler's list , when oskar schindler broke down at the end once the announcement of peace was made . quoting lines such as this gold tiepin , 2 people . i wept like ... entj pet ? are you kidding me ? you must be delusional . that is without doubt the most ridiculous statement i've ever read on any forum , anywhere .. what a load of shit . i hate those ' teambuilding ' and ' mind expanding ' exercises . how about send you guys on a leadership course or something , not send balloons into the air with random words ... different from most girls - - - definitely a good thing . doesn't mean to say he has a romantic interest , but he'll definitely respect you for not being one of the sheep . that shit pisses us off . ... so my mate and i who spent a long time without being mates ( simply due to path divergence since early school ) are now in the same group and thus i am seeing / speaking to him quite a lot . i'd say ... i think it is very valid , being one myself ( about 55 % e i'd say ) . how it translates in the tests , i don't know , but it should be taken into consideration for those that are only + / - 10 % from the 50 % . any other entjs find their short-term memory absolutely fucking sucks ? i don't necessarily mean information that has just been fed to me - like some sort of fact , say , a number that i need to ... i replied without reading the posts . awesome . so i'm president now . wicked . it's monthly subscriptions for you lot and i'm laughing all the way to the fucking bank - - get in ! ! fucking get in . i am vp of entj forum . next , president . then i'll consider the world , over lunch . on a more serious note , i think this very interesting . i selected the 3 which i genuinely ... industrialist , mercantilist , academist . without an education , one cannot build a strong society and without wealth and employment , no society can ever be successful and therefore happy . the richer ... 1 ) do you like tea ? specifically hot tea yes - as hot as possible on the ' bearable ' scale . ie , not so hot that i cannot sip it and taste it pleasantly , but not so cool that i can take a full ... my gut feeling prompts me to apply logic to it . example ; gut / intuition ; i think this is the best course of actions , because i think the other path will possibly make my plans go awry logic ; ... people who talk unnecessarily or about explain tangent things that are not directly relevant . example , a guy on my shooting team was telling me about his beating one of my mates at poker . he ... ambiversion just did a holiday for 11 days with like an average of 10 people per day ( group of 5 of us staying in a hostel ) some days maybe 20 or 30 in our group . midway through , i took 2 days ... smart casual 100 % maybe throw in a bit of prep from time to time ( without the gay ass sweaters though ) i think you're trying to find a way to make this work instead of looking at it and asking ' can it work at all ? ' which i don't think it can . the logistics are too great - - having a large portion ... what kind of driver are you ? are you cautious ? fast ? - usually do a bit above the speed limit . got busted once for it , drive with more consideration to the limits now . aggressive ? kind ? what is ... i agree with its efficiency and it's a great idea . however , i think if an employer had 2 identical applications from 2 identical people , they would more than likely want to talk to the person who ... lol , never really used them . not sure exactly what they put across though , because i know i've used / seen people using them , despite their actual expressions being completely non-existent or the ... perish the thought seems a bit of both . i would say though , to reiterate my first post , that sometimes i am completely stern faced but not all the time . i'd say more . sometimes i can't even be fucked with smiling at people . you ? just because someone asks questions doesn't mean they're some sort of s-type madman . it is possible for other types other than sensors to want details , and if you seriously think an entj won't ask ... very good - but i would say as an ni ( entj ) that i too would have wondered where they were located , etc , and also how they have come to evolve to having a language that doesn't offer a past tense . ... i went travelling around europe - 19 diff countries - and came back far less extroverted than when i went . though i'd still sooner do something with someone / people than by myself .. well , most things , ... in long , did you ever have a long period of time whereby a certain part of your personality was being shown , despite it being inferior to , what you knew as being , your more dominant aspects to your ... it is possible to give an opinion and not be an entj .. or talk a lot and also not be an entj ... i've been told i speak very proper , but only because i don't believe in talking unless you're going to get it right . is that what you mean by a certain sort of speech ? 1 . inglorious basterds ( newest but original good too - barely top 10 though ) 2 . downfall ( der untergang ) 3 . the godfather ( 2,1 , 3 in that order but only # 2 makes it to top 5 list ) 4 . the way back ... see : ambivert what the fuck evenin ' all . with new year eve approaching , i've been invited to a few parties . however , a few days after new years , i depart to england for 2 weeks to embark upon training for the ta ( reserve ... a good tip would be to think of points you want to get across and not sentences . if you're talking about , for example , the history of the british empire , don't write bullet points about specific ... satirical humour and belittling people .. when i see an old homeless man on the street begging , i ... walk past and completely ignore him . when i walk past a child who's smiling , i ... completely ignore them unless we're both stationary ... i'd agree definitely . but also , i don't want to work with people for the sake of working with people - - if it's of benefit to me or the organisation to work with them then i am happy to do so but ... for the most part , i'd agree . but with that said , if the background sound is nonrepetative - ie , something unpredictable , then that throws me off completely . it's like sleeping with someone who ... a mental list , and quickly . i didn't read any responses so as not to taint my response . am i right in saying , your question accurately was , ' what is your motivation for your motivations ? ' ? if that is the case , then i can ... exactly what i thought , too , lol this is possibly the funniest response i have ever seen . i have an esfp friend ( both of us are males ) and his approach to life makes me pull out my hair just thinking about it . do you not find your esfp husband is full of bullshit and makes up crap ? ? ? the fun in parenting is raising your child to the best of their abilities . as for overcrowding , i agree . see my topic , created yesterday , here . yes , the watering part is more important . to ensure the creation and survival of as many offspring as one can possibly produce ... i remember as a young kid , like the age of 7 or 8 when one's parents doesn't allow one outside the front yard , that i used to want to go and explore like crazy . so one day , myself and my new ... actually i'm quite paranoid about my talking . growing up i , from an early age , had a very deep voice and talked loudly and thus from the age of like 10 , none of my friend's parents would like me ... ie - better '