non fiction : the drunkards walk by leonard mlodinow predictibly irrational by dan ariely brainwashing by kathleen taylor outliers by malcolm gladwell so i've got a 2000 word essay in for tomorrow and i'm procrastinating heavily . just wondered fellow essay writing intp's , if you haven't read around the subject and are just looking to blast an essay ... this is so true . i was at a pub quiz in a team with 4 men , all estj types or similar , and they all know me as we're on the same course at uni . i'm generally pretty quiet with my thoughts and ... i will entertain you all with my poem about eggs , that i just wrote , because i am also bored . eggs , you baffle me with your smell sometimes it is nice , but mostly you stink eggs , if ... mum - isfj dad - istj sister - istp i can occasionally have this conversation with a couple of close friends . it always reaches the same conclusions . that it's noone elses fault that they are completely clueless to the way we are ( and ... yup i don't use a plate or a glass unless i have to either . if i cook pizza i will always keep the packaging and eat the pizza off that . i only use plates and glasses unless i have to , infact i ... if your definition of rigged in this case is that he's able to control someones mind , then yes , this is true . have you seen seance ? the point is it may be rigged in the sense that it's magic ( and ... yeah i know what you mean , the way i think is that of an intp , i don't let my feelings enter in to it . i think being raised by istj's has genuinely made me want to be one , life would be a hell of a ... nah i haven't , because i can put it down to other things . i don't know if derren brown is heard of in america , but he is big in britain . he doesn't believe in the paranormal , yet he can do ... yeah cheers guys . i just find it so difficult to do what i want to do . part of me just wants to do what people want me to do and it dominates . i don't like the hassle of being different and being ... why is it that some people in this world get the most out of their life by conforming to society without question . by working hard up the company ladder and feeling like they are achieving a lot in ... precisely . sums it up for me . my boyfriend ( istj , yeah we do have some problems ) hates this about me . he can't stand confrontation . so when i'm debating with him about something he's ... i relate to this . for instance when i have to write essays for uni . sometimes i realise that i don't need a great mark in order to acheive what i'm happy with for the overall module . so ... this has happened to me before , it's really frustrating . after class i went up to as my teacher a question and she just said ' are you alright , did you understand any of that you looked puzzled . ' ... i know it's a serious issue , but i couldn't help but laugh out loud at that like a goon . tough call , sociology and anthropology are heavily linked . i study criminology at the moment with one my my modules being sociology . i find it the most interesting module . having said that if i ... i normally muster a smile in photos . i hate people asking me what's wrong when i don't . i got infp too , also 100 % sure i'm intp . i can see where it's coming from though , but an intp can still pay close attention to their identity , value and beliefs surely ? i happen to be very ... cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 22.9 ) limited use introverted sensing ( si ) ... i'm pretty sure starri was being sarcastic , or atleast that's what i took it as ... castarophe's just remind me of what happened to me last week at work . i was on the shopfloor hanging some clothes up when this guy asked me if there were any jobs going here . i replied ' not at ... my boyfriend's istj . works out fine . i'm not a strong ' n ' so that probably helps . it can irritate me how readily he accepts laws and authority and how he doesn't open his mind up abit more . i ... that's fantastic . the amount of situations i've been in that are simliar ! it's worse when you're talking within a group of girls . when all the eyes have suddenly switched onto you for a brief ... this thread angers me inside and is slightly depressing . it makes me wonder how i manage to cope in this world . that's no real dig at you though connie , we just have different views on the ... my sisters istp . we get on well when we're together , but we're both pretty distant from each other . we can have a good laugh though . i know one enfp well , always got on with him and found him ... yeah you're right . i'm going to have to try harder . that's spot on , and that's the issue . when i question her , i have a serious face on and she can't stand it . she thinks i'm questioning her as though i'm saying ' you're wrong ' to her . she just gets ... my isfj mum and istj dad have just had a massive go at me for absolutely nothing . i say that , my mum did , my dad just agreed with her . that tends to be the case . i've just come back from ... i was in my lecture today and the topic of rationality came up . ' put your hand up if you think you are rational . ' the lecturer asked . i was badly hungover this morning so my and shot up and then ... i have been dating an istj for one and a half years now . what i've found is that after about 6 months , the f side of him completely came out . he can get all silly and playful with me and tell me ... thats the one , nice to see you're keen already . : laughing : he's written about a lot of different things so i'm mainly referring to his insight on comparing modern society with a prison . interesting points , and i too think about these things . i try not to get too wrapped up in it though , as it is scary , and in parts sad . if i am in a depressed state of mind for whatever reason , i ... i do do well in tests considering the amount of effort i put in , but i never get a perfect score or anything like that . i remember in gcse's , i did no revision whatsoever and i passed them all , ... i know what you mean , just she reminds me of me in a lot in interviews . i always test intp , but i am borderline with the n . the way i act though could be perceived as istp . however i don't relate ... comedic hero . kristen stewart has got to be intp . generally i like being intp , it doesn't bother me that i don't get on with other females unless i'm acting as a different type ( normally something similar to them ) . the key issue for me though is ... in the early 1900 ' s pink was the colour used to dress boys and blue was the colour used to dress girls . pink was seen as the stronger colour out of the two and blue was seen as the paler colour . same here , i'm always thinking therefore i'm always pulling a serious face . even lecturers at uni before they knew me thought i didn't understand their lectures because i look ' puzzled ' throughout ... spot on . i was trying to explain this to my isfj mother earlier , i'm pretty sure she just thought i was using it as an excuse rather than sharing with her how my personality differs in that sense ... it looked like typing errors were causing the spelling mistakes anyway , i was just being picky . yes . i often have conversations in my head . they are mainly hypothetical situations i've created that go off on a complete tangent . it's fun ! and trust me ... there are other blatant spelling ... that sums it up for me really . i'm going to make the assumption that a fair few intp's don't have tattoos . however , i also think that if we do it will be something that means a lot , has a story behind it etc . i just can't ... i'm exactly the same , i have a couple of people who know the real me , but other than that i feel i have to wear a mask when socializing . i've questioned whether or not this is a good idea , or if ... i find when i socialise with most people i am able to put myself on auto-pilot , therefore i am able to have small talk with them and not ask any questions about anything , simply because i know they ... i was wondering how you are when it's that time of the month . i have a hypothesis that maybe because we are t and not f , and we do not like to share our feelings with anyone , that maybe we are ... i'm pretty much the same . i am the complete opposite to a materalist person , and i actually think i could live life quite comfortably on minimum wage . i have had a middle class upbringing however ...