' under trump specials , paddy power also has odds for trump stating a belief in aliens and also a bet for him making area 51 open to the public . surprisingly there isn't a bet for trump actually ... visionary . people are more likely to fully engage in something if you are able to inspire them , and if they have bought into your vision and made it their own . using an authoritarian approach works ... i remembered reading about oddsmakers here regarding a possible trump impeachment with 50/50 odds . paddy power now has it 6/4 . also , jeff sessions is 4/6 for resigning or being fired . and , if anyone ... digestive yeah , sounds like he's just protecting his feelings then , especially if he ends up caring more after having sex and he knows you're going to jet later on . one of my favorite books ! quite a compliment , assuming she wasn't referring to the painting at the end ! : wink : i would say i feel younger than my age . i'm 44 , but feel more like mid - 30s . most of ... since you guys are casually dating , he could just be multidating . i also don't understand the parental meeting if it's casual and only a couple weeks . seems weird , i wouldn't read too much into that ... a few months ago . i don't take many selfies . 647410 you're right , i don't totally agree with you . i think of sympathy as feeling pity for someone . soft.cynosure you've already told him what bothers you , and you said he continues to do it . so stop being friends with him . another option would be to not make such a big freaking deal out of ... no , it's been consistent over time ! 100 % agree . i have plenty of empathy . but i don't have much sympathy because that means i'm ok with someone not doing anything to make their situation better , when there are actions he / she can take ... dear enfp , when we parted ways , you went to the wrong parking garage . you have no sense of direction . entj sx seems like it's the energy we put out there , which may or may not have anything to do with sex ( although sex is important to me ) . i sometimes feel like a guy , although physically and in my ... my ex-husband was an enfp and he was anorexic in high school . he had difficulty controlling his impulses with food as an adult . i don't know that it had much to do with him being an enfp , probably ... this ^ ^ ^ he's insensitive , but so what ? why should his communication style change just for you when it seems you are not willing to change the way you perceive what he says ? he's not even your ... 1.networking : i just do it , more out of necessity than anything else . i don't totally love it . 2 . i will ask for help if necessary but usually it's not , so i don't . 3 . i'm sure a depressed entj ... enfp istp estp enfj intj oops , i accidentally clicked the reply button several times . sorry folks . yes , i let it go quickly too . but the tone can make people feel like it was actually a much bigger deal . and anyone who goes around asking do you know who i am ? is just a jackass . if you have ... totally agree that allowing physical touch / invasion of personal space means i'm interested . i usually don't let anyone come near me if i don't like them that way . might be different for the guys ... yup . it's like i can hear people's jaws dropping when they see it . most people have no idea we have a sentimental side . i used to get angry a lot but at some point i decided to pick my battles for my own sanity . i'm with you on sticking up for those who are more vulnerable . i had a situation like that recently where i ... that's great ! glad the date happened and had a happy ending . i don't think most entjs hate hugs . we love to be affectionate with people we know and like . : sentimental : he obviously likes you , but a long distance relationship may not be what he is looking for . do you know what i mean ? if you're cool with something kind of casual and won't get easily attached , then ... she was preparing for what i assume was a big move , so i'm assuming no long-term possibilities for you both , but she likes you enough that she didn't want to hurt your feelings , so she agreed to the ... i would just let him have that space that it sounds like he needed . he just needed some time to mull over whatever you had disclosed . he made a statement about contacting you the next day , so that ... that job transition happened a while back , like 20 years ago ( i feel like such an old lady now ! ) . but i know how you feel about the difficulty in following a manager's lead when you're pretty sure ... the percentages seem ok for entj , but i disagree with the seeking casual sexual encounter bit . entjs are , by nature , long-term planners and something that isn't likely to work out for the long-term ... yes , i'm a humanist . no . i usually have a few personal goals , and they are dynamic . i don't have many absolutes in terms of goals . or anything else , now that i think about it . had a huge ego . i'm ... not really . i liked school because i love learning and my social skills were always decent . at work , i wouldn't say it was an issue necessarily , but one of my first full-time jobs after college ... most companies will ask you some questions from your resume , mostly about work experience . then they will ask you situational questions and these may be harder to prepare for . tell me about a time ... 24 . i'm not on the spectrum , but maybe i need to work on my fi a bit ! i love how the very first question is are you weird ? . all nts are on the yes side of the chart , of course . : laughing : i totally agree with you . the problem is the gerrymandering that has occurred over the past 20 years . redistricting helped politicians get re-elected , but it also means that there is less diversity ... i think being an 8w7 is more likely to be the issue in developing close relationships easily . seems like 8s don't like to be vulnerable because that's weakness , and you have to be strong to survive ... dear istp , i'm amused that you tell me you miss me by asking me first , then say duh when it's time to reciprocate . maybe you miss the sex more than anything else . i just take it as a compliment ... i'm entj 8w7 sx / so so i get what you are saying . i have a few very close friends . enfj ( romantic life confidante ) , estj ( daily grind conversations , manager to manager ) , estp ( activities like ... the infj's feelings are probably going to get hurt sometimes . entjs are just not very in touch with feelings and can say things that come across as insensitive at times , when they were only being ... '