' is building a theme park inside of a human body not ne enough ? lol haha yeah , people describe me like that as well often . strange isn't it , looking different than you feel on the inside . and yes , just moved here , we have wonderful men and women . i'm lucky ;) dear , you are very beautiful throwing your wallet in the bin instead of your trash , haha . the not so funny side is just that i dread anything that has to do with money , organizing practical things etc . i also always spill my ... calm sense of peace here at the edge of the world i sit knees bent staring into the precipice eyes watching both my feet wiggle and juggle a thought hatches goes to sleep again if i am honest if i am really ... i always looked on perc because i was curious about the types of certain actors / writers / artists i liked and i felt like the analyses of the people here was much more accurate than the celebrity ... i have an isfj roommate and i would recommend , 10/10 haha . she is so practical and sweet , whereas i come up with all of the ideas and visuals to make the appartement prettier . i'm really glad i have ... i think it's great that you are open to it , and change can be made step by step . i did not go vegan cold turkey , i cut out things slowly . i think it's important for vegans and vegetarians to be ... spirituality and thoughts about the universe , art history , music , psychology , poetry , literature . everything , lol . wanted traits 1 . having a heart , kindness , not feeling the need to give into societies preferred gender role 2 . responsible and assertive 3 . passionate , intelligent and creative 4 . confident and ... hey , one important thing to realize is that ... all of that doesn't really matter in the end . as infj's we are idealists , and we can do all of these things and have a wide range of interests . but in ... hahahaha are you distrustful because of his behavior or because of something else ? i wrote poems about death and decay ( not because i was depressed i just found it fascinating ) , i told my parents they needed to get a divorce when i was around three . when i was around 9 i was ... we don't even know it ourselves . als het over hitler gaat , maybe . maar we hebben hier genoeg ni-ti loop mensen , dus een beetje tegen de edge aan zitten is oke ;) maak je nou een grapje of ? who doesn't love men that are passionate about their beliefs and dreams we started the second world war . lol . yesss . can we show this to everyone . this is my life motto . you're the first person who actually makes me feel heard and understood . i always have this when i am enjoying a cup of tea with a book , everything is lovely and i'm feeling super calm . and in all of a sudden : climate change is going to ruin nature , there are so many ... hahaha , yes . i understand the passion , but the response was based on a projection ; something i did not say . i don't know , i love discussions and i'm happy if people correct my wrongs but you don't ... there was a topic about being happy as single , and i said that a relationship won't make you happy and that it can be a great addition to your life but at the core of your happiness is you . i wrote a ... i think it's better for me not to visit the infp part of the forum any more , lol . 1 . great jokes 2 . people uncomfortable 3 . vegan cakes 4 . music 5 . paintings 5 things you would never say owl being irritated that a discussion that emerged after a comment i made became super emotional ( from their side ) in the infp forum . also being irritated that the t's i know are so cold and ... 1 . dreamfall chapters 2 . flower 3 . sims 4 . ssx 5 . freddie fish lol top 5 favorite books leictreon haha , don't worry it's not fighting , it's just a discussion ;) orangeappled i would appreciate a more nuanced response next time . it is possible that something gets you emotional , but if you want to question someone's beliefs and have a constructive ... leictreon the answer to that question will be different for everyone , because everyone has different reasons for not loving themselves . some people grew up in a home where they had to sacrifice ... yes . the people with severe mental illnesses that i know are all t's . the intj's / entp's etc . that i know think that everything can be explained by biology and if they don't feel well they must have a ... i was just very intense . i said to my parents they needed to get a divorce when i was 3 , i wrote poems about death but i wasn't depressed or anything i was just interested in it , when i was around 9 ... the only thing i complain about is people who complain . solve your issues instead of letting your negative behaviors out by criticism , being cynical and complaining . if you do not want to solve the ... xd she has developed beautifully . i like seeing people when they grow older , develop their lower functions and become more whole as a person . snow , it is 34 degrees celcius here r . i . p i see having a relationship as something external that can add something to my life , but so can other things . when i did not love myself and when i was feeling unhappy in general i really craved a ... infj going to start a bachelor in songwriting you prefer to use ti at times instead of fe , but that is caused by fe because fe cares what society thinks and in society rational thinking is preferred over caring and showing emotion . this is brilliant , the infp / infj part xd yes ! this topic is a great idea . you inspire me . i feel safe with you . human belief can be one of the most blinding and dangerous things when it's viewed as ultimate truth . * inserts ... infj female : you scored 92.5 out of 100 masculine points , 47.5 out of 100 feminine points , and 60.833 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . lol it's the same old studded room i walk into , walk out of the venture the bulimic who craves and plunges into new and old until the space is gone having no one but an empty cupboard when you tell people you are gay and they say : are you gay ? ? lol i really wish i just did not see certain things . '