' thanks pinina ! i initially wanted hammer but it was already taken :/ topcat and his antics , heh . no i'm not dead , and certainly with no stds . this thread has gotten much more diverse than i remember . hmm this thread has been quiet lately . topcatlsdtsubakiretsu pinina let's shake things up a notch . suggest the wackiest halloween costume possible ;) i can't seem to quote pilot ( now coburn ) must have challenges to overcome . we're quite hard to spot because we can be quite adaptable , you have to catch us in our quiet moments . good point . i actually didn't account for the fact that she could turn against us while in that state xd . well , you got tha istp cool subtle badassery . that's more than sufficient ;) - which thread member will have the longest rap sheet ? topcat - which thread member is most likely to be a spy ? pilot - which thread member is most likely to end up on reality tv ? retsu - which ... mum = - biologically : a female organism with an active maternal instinct , engaged in child rearing - linguistically : a slang word to denote mother my ti says does not compute xd one of my very good friends is an entp . so you guys are good in my book too . now now retsu , don't get jealous of kidthunder's avatar :p . when the fact that you're on this forum proves it . nice avatar ;) and yeah , that's pretty normal around here especially those two many type him as an 8 . but based on what i've read on his biography i'd say he's a 6w5 cp . you're quite touchy . if this is all a silly thread to you , why take insult from harmless silly comments ? plus having a goof off thread is no excuse for writing insulting posts . i'll call ... ok , so what's the problem with the typing ? if you're doubting because you're creative then intps have a creative streak ( ne-auxiliary ) . if you want to differentiate between intp and infp , then you ... well it seems you're unintentionally doing everything right , you're being a challenge ( estps love the chase ) . just show him eventually some signs that he's winning you over and i think you're good to ... xstps are rather straightforward and not very complicated . his change in behavior in the later stages of your growth , the suggestions he's putting out there for people to know after his message to you . also the fact that he isn't making these jokes about ... i meant the former , i haven't encountered an infj girl before so was just curious how to identify one . ( i didn't want to make a whole thread on it ) . this is an excellent resource , thanks for sharing :) . clears up a lot of things . no need tsubaki , you're at home among your friends . his comments are unwarranted . hey buddy , if tsubaki offended you previously in her post then she already apologized . back off . type 853 sp / so . being competent is important to me because it allows me to be in control of myself and and my life and not be led like sheep or taken advantage of . also , competence allows me to ... estps from the socionics system ( equivalent to the estp in mbti ) have something called an aggressor romance style . in other words , they pursue strongly their interest . i recall somewhere an estp said ... welcome . i think you'll find the intj forum very active and interesting . in conclusion , infp . if that doesn't fit , check isfp as a second choice . ixfp is an fi-dom , which tends to have its individual value system as you wrote in your last reply , and as the dominant ... that narrows it down to ixfp . are you more live in the moment , and focus on the concrete aesthetic components in experiences or do you tend more towards getting lost in thought about various ... if you were to describe yourself briefly in terms of personality and motivation , what would you say ? to start , could you tell me what doesn't click for you for the intp type ? also , if you were to describe yourself briefly ( personality and motivations ) what would you say ? what you've written sounds infp . while you have auxiliary ne which would make you outgoing from time to time , the fact that you don't express your emotions for feeling exposed , and inwardly fuming ... off the bat , ixfx . my questions are : are morals in your view something unique to the individual or are more determined in a collective manner ? and also , what kind of songs or art interest you ? the ones i've observed most irl : enneagram 1w2 so : - body language : tense and rigid body , back is always straight , seething emotions under the coolness and objectivity , have a serious somber ... yes thank you . a man walks into a psychiatrist ’ s office wearing only shorts made of plastic wrap . the shrink says , “ well , i can clearly see you ’ re nuts . ” did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut ... well if she had that written over her forehead , then yes :P . about their differences i meant more mannerisms ( body language , quirks , etc ... ) when you can work a crowd like dynamite without deadly explosions shit , this is hilarious . true from experience xd . highest for me would be : autonomy / independence & entrepreneurial creativity . in terms of career i want to be in control of the outcomes and processes , and not have them imposed on me . not enneagram related . when you integrate to type 5 and embody type 7 ' s virtue of sobriety , then yes you would become that . i don't think going to your 1 - fix is a good idea since it's your disintegration point . insensitive to gore : i'd go with types 4 , 5 , & 8 which are called by some the dark triad , and sx variants . i'd leave out types 2 & 9 and sp variants . as for insensitive to puking , not sure . the swordsman is discussing vibe , and in this case i think the 6 ' s existential anxiety when sensed by others can be seen as paranoid or overt , and hence it would be described that way . i disagree ... how can i recognize an infj girl irl ? what mannerisms would she display , and how would they differ from infps ? ( not necessarily for relationship purposes , just didn't want to make a whole thread on ... 1 - displaying any sort of vulnerability ( particularly emotional ) to those outside my family 2 - making personal statements without analysis or having reasons to back them up istp 8w9 . i figured , just noting that issue . i rarely daydream , but as others mentioned processing and analyzing things i do almost all the time . swordsman of mana , what you wrote seems more like archetypes that are almost close to stereotypes . they can serve as guidelines , but as others mentioned has to be used carefully and i think you ... yes makes sense . just note though that it doesn't necessarily imply that they're traditional , some can have very liberal values depending on their upbringing , but the tendency towards tradition ... : laughing : '