' the people who work for the company are generally good people . the workloads are just entirely unmanageable and the company is so small they don't have enough money to hire on new people . not to ... it depends on your area and where you work , but when i started i was making around $ 10 an hour doing simple fix stuff for a small business and that was without any experience ( other than tinkering ... i've been on the computer repair technician side of things for nearly 10 years now and i can assure you that the field isn't going anywhere anytime soon . who do you think maintains all of the ... i've been in my current job for almost a year ( it will be a year next month ) , and over the last 3-4 months it's been extremely stressful to the point of me having anxiety attacks nearly every day for ... jeez , that sounds heinous . i feel for you . i've been applying everywhere i can think of , networking with people i know , i've even cold called a couple of different places and haven't had much ... i've been in it support for awhile , so it would basically be it services and support . i live near a college and there is only one pc support shop in town and it isn't exactly up to speed on some of ... this is my role , essentially . we have two people in our support department including me ( we're a small company ) . my official title is customer support analyst , but i also handle project management , ... banned for being reasonable . i'm a philosophy graduate working in it and it's a nightmare . at least for me . banned for using the word redundancy . hmm .. do you have a direct link to the questions about which you speak ? i can't seem to find anything on the coursera site . i spent a lot of time choosing a phone this time around and ended up with the nokia lumia 920 . i've been very happy with it , so far . it's been dropped and hit with barely a scratch , has good call ... i feel like in today's horror movies ( and movies in general ) there is no sense of the impact and cost of violence . it's gruesome , it's bloody , but what's the cost ? what's at stake ? why is this ... do i care ? yes . do i care enough right now to do more ? not really . i'm aware that there are people in much greater need than i am , but the psychological separation between us makes it difficult ... let's say i have $ 20,000 to invest in either attending graduate school to earn a master's degree or starting a new business . which would be the better option , in your opinion ? pros ? cons ? risks ? that makes sense . i do have some idea of what i'd like to see happen , but i definitely need to think it through before i have the conversation . thanks for your advice . i've suffered mild depression for many years , now . however , a few months ago i fell into a major depressive episode and have been diagnosed as having major depressive disorder . i'm currently on ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... melancholic . i'm guessing that i made a conclusion based on an initial sample that wasn't representative of the general population ? :) damn black swans . i come from a big family ( 10 kids ) too , but my wife and i have decided to only have one just to keep us both sane . :) i keep telling my wife that we're basically getting a little science ... i assume everyone's friendly until proven otherwise . :) thanks . :) my wife and i are both very excited to meet her . i started college as a computer science major . then i hit calculus and decided it wasn't for me . have you considered information technology instead of computer science ? you may also want to check ... i always have this problem : i get a new job , i'm totally excited about it for the first couple of months and give 110 % , and then soon after that the cracks and imperfections become extremely glaring ... i'm under an immense amount of pressure . my wife is having a baby in less than two months and we'll be losing her income and seeing our expenses increase . i've stopped paying my credit card bills and ... i received a similar responses from my teachers and had similar experiences when i was in college . i did really well in everything i took , and most of my teachers gave me the you'd do really well in ...  i unfortunately don't have a junior to whom i can assign responsibilities . it's actually just me and one other person who handle all of the support issues that come in for our company and we're both ... i've actually applied with couple of startups in the area that seem to be doing well , and the positions are more internal systems administration stuff and less technical support stuff . i'm hoping ... i do get bored fairly easily , but it really depends on the activity . i think at every job i've had i've been bored within a couple of months , even if i was learning something new . i am very easily ... does anyone else find that they oscillate between being an introvert and an extrovert ? i have my days where i just want to lock myself in my office with my headphones on and do some writing , and then ... you're telling me . haha , yeah i realize that . but in a role like that i hopefully wouldn't be putting the one having to deal with it if it breaks and i'd actually get to interact with some human beings for a change . those are all good suggestions . i think my dislike of the industry really started because i started working as a customer support specialist for a software company . i've worked customer support ... i think a change might help . i've applied with a couple of startup companies in my area just to see what's out there , and i had an interview with one earlier this week that went well . i should really become a writer . just to throw in my own anecdotal evidence , i'm an infj with a long history of depression and anxiety . i've had my suicidal moments , but have never taken any action toward it . i'm currently in ... i'm a pretty cerebral , emotionally-driven guy , but i find that i really feel fulfilled when i work on something tangible . repairing computer hardware , replacing car parts , building fences , etc . , are ... i am absolutely my own worst critic . i am extremely hard on myself when it comes to , well , just about everything . c on a test ? i'm a failure . can't figure something out at work ? i'm an idiot . not ... i'd say dr . mccoy ( bones ) is an infj or an intj . when i was around five or six , a neighborhood friend invited me over to her house after we had been playing outside . we walked in to find a large group of adults having sex with each other . i was ... absolutely . i shut off my facebook and twitter because i felt like i was getting extremely sucked into it . my fear is not so much my wife cheating or talking to other men or anything like that ... the biggest hurdle right now is that my wife and i are having a baby in < 2 months , and she'll be out of work for at least a couple of months after that , so the most stressful thing is that i'm sort ... one thing that i found really helped me was learning the history along with the theory , as it really put some things into context about why things developed the way they did . a book we used in my ... hi , everyone . i'm having a bit of a career crisis . i've been in the it industry for about eight years , now . i currently work for a software developer doing end-user support , training , and some ... i'm an infj and stumbled upon this forum while doing some job / career research . after seeing how friendly the people seemed , i decided to join . a little bit about me : - i have a college degree ... '