' i mean , unless they are your friends / family ? ive noticed some people ask questions about istp's just for the sake of asking questions . personally i dont care unless its relevant to me . anyone else ? same exact way ... i only know 1 person i can vent too . if i dont know them , and i cant hit the person who pissed me off .. i usually hit a wall . which has led to afew broken hands . true that , im the exact same way ... damn sounds like my ex girlfriend ... shes an ex wife to some unlucky dude now with a baby and is still trying to talk to me after 4 years without my consent . good luck . it is an istp thing unless you give valid reasons why it isnt . just cause we dont exactly like to see into the future doesnt mean we dont have the ability to see the future .. we just dont see a ... same here , but you actually half to try ... at least i do . the more i tried , after time i got better haha . im pretty good at interviews now . just focus at what you are good at and act that way about ... good to talk to someone who knows what they are talking about ... but yeah , i went back on my meds about 10 weeks ago and am finally starting to level out again ... but not without jumping my truck and ... personally it started out as pretty severe depression when i was 18 that would last a month or 2 and i would return to normal . then around age 20 i started going into hypomanias , which is a very ... same with me , i might get truly angry a handful of times a year or less . but rarely if you push me over that ledge all hell breaks loose and i cant control it . my hand is still swollen from when i ... kill them before we kill you . im sure this has been said in ever post , but just tell him exactly why . if you see no future in the relationship then tell him that and give no hope . sure he'll be sad or even mad but he'll get over ... it really depends on the situation in my case ... if its in a class , no i am distracted and cant think fast enough ... although i am still able to make good points just cant elaborate . if its in a ... yeah , i think because im kinda different personality wise than the majority of people it helps me get my shit together . otherwise i start thinking im schizoid or antisocial , which im not in reality ... so tonight the flimsy boards under my cheap bed broke and kinda caved in . my dad asked me if ive been sleeping with any fat chicks and of course my roommate said it must have been that fat russian ... 1 ) im not phased by tragic world events but i found out my dog has cancer and that really brought me down . hes still kickin , playing , and feeling well but its hard watching him decline . 2 ) my ... cleaned my room today and good god that was a project ... had to fix the power box in my apartment cause one room wasn't getting power . transformed my gas powered augur used for dirt into an ice ... im the same way ... what i do is act cocky . its kinda hard , but the confident / cocky types really stand out in interviews , as long as they have actually done something somewhat worthy to be cocky ... nothing emotional ... first thing that came to mind was that it looks like a nautilus fossil . guess i was right . ive been there ... i had to pull out the asshole card and threatened with a restraining order ( complete bs , but i had tried everything for months ) and it worked . a couple years ago she started ... any other istp's diagnosed as bipolar ? kind of personal question but i was diagnosed a few years back . denied the diagnoses at first , went off meds last summer and ended up in jail and just in a ... not really emotional .. i kinda have problems committing to someone . id say the sex i have had in the last year has been 90 percent physical and only asked one girl to date ... and no i dont really ... anything distracting while im trying to concentrate , like heavy breathing or someone talking to themselves . and blatant cockiness . i feel the same way ... while sober . i do relate , i just dont show much emotion at all . unfortunately for me , all built up emotions come out when i drink as i lose my inhibitions . i have had 2 more speeding tickets since ive wrote this ... btw . what ? i am just a biology major evolutionist ? is their really an all powerful it , up in the sky ? ? ? tell him , listen , explain ... all truthfully without any false hope ... the absolutely more direct the better in my honest opinion . generally god has less an impact on me than fairy tails ... at least they aren't meant to be taken literally . very true , and wyoming is trying to protect the state right to gun laws ... we are trying to pass a gun law ( any member of national goverment who even tries to take away a single wyomingites ... jigsaw from the saw movies ? ? haha , i just watched the last movie and thought he might be istp . makes some crazy machines and is def a thinker . right now i'm a cart pusher for walmart and don't exactly enjoy it , but its way better than any other walmart job imo . i live in a college town and get to look at cool cars and hot chicks all day . ... yeah definitely if you are rethinking things , witch happens too me all the time ... ive even been diagnosed as adhd , but think im just a really introverted thinker and am in my own world some times . ... ok ill start off , im a fish and game major ... but specializing in fisheries . i love hunting ducks and other birds , but also elk and mule deer . but my main love is in freshwater fishing . during ... hey i noticed your fishing pole in the background ... is that your bass setup ? what lure is that ? 5372053721 fishing , one of the things in life that truly puts a big smile on my face . im atheist and live in wyoming ... seem to be a hell of a lot of athiests and istps in wyoming , the most nonreligious and one of the most introverted states according to my wyoming history class ... people who sing to communicate . my boss always sings to me like would you go push in carts from the parking lot , pleasesss - in a stupid random singing voice . it really drives me crazy . why ... yes , i read about everything and have a lot of knowledge in a wide verity of subjects . i would rather talk and discuss a subject to someone else who is knowledgeable about the same things than teach ... for me , im very action oriented so estp would be fuckin great . me - no . my friends ask how , and i simply and truthfully say i dont know . im istp and dont think im mistyped cause im literally stereotypical istp . i might be mistyped as a cocky , emotionless , asshole but didnt mean the asshole part . badass comes natural . cocky , no , im ... no offense but that was a lot too read sorry ive been drinkin . um , in my case if im not going 10 + over the speed limit i get irritated . ive also ran from police many times , mostly before i was ... my dad does that and loves it ... its good beer too . i like to drink it i guess haha . i kinda want to get into that too but really dont have any time . i guess males on my moms side of the family have a tendency to be problem drinkers or extreme recreational drinkers until they are late 20s to 30s and eventually grow out of it . and id say im no ... you have enemies ? good . that means you've stood up for something , sometime in your life . - winston churchill success is not final , failure is not fatal : it is the courage to continue that ... depends on the setting they meet me in ... if its in school or at work , im serious and dont talk much at all ... ive been told by a few that i seemed intimidating and a cocky asshole ... which isnt ... two elk burgers and beer . i think a lot of people think that introversion is the same thing as social anxiety and shyness . its not even close , introverts can be outgoing with good people skills ... we literally just need ... i kinda want one , but probably never will get one ... i just cant set my mind on having something permanently on my body . i like tattoos though . hell yeah i love being an istp . i can have fun by myself , i am really even headed and never get depressed , hand eye cordination , chicks dig the quite confidence and assertiveness , imo male istps ... im more of a science / math kinda guy . anything with rational factual information ... leaning a new language is hard for me , i took two years of spanish in high school and it was the only class ive ... '