i was wondering if anybody else here besides me played / plays this game . i'm an intp and i listen to a lot of alternative rock and indie rock monster hunger tri , crash bandicoot 2 , and borderlands 8/ 10 it's interesting to look at 1 . my chemical romance 2 . panic ! at the disco 3 . paramore 4 . the killers 5 . fall out boy 6 . 30 seconds to mars 7 . green day 8 . breaking benjamin 9 . the hush sound 10 . rise against blackbirds by chuck wendig , game of thrones by george r . r . martin , and scientific american mind magazines dark blue pewdiepie wiki sherlock holmes ( the first one )  death note cheese-its oreos it rarely works on me . my sister used to try to guilt trip me into doing things for her a lot when we were little , but it never worked .  zelda twilight princess bosses and from the first sherlock holmes movie : inspector lestrade : in another life , mr . holmes , you would have made a excellent criminal . sherlock holmes : yes , and you an excellent policeman . from ... when you question why your friends hang out with you legend of zelda : twilight princess alex clare - too close i'm reading clockwork angel by cassandra clare , city of glass ( also by cassandra clare ) , insurgent by veronica roth , and the maze runner by james dashner . why is it always so hot at band camp ? the sun should just disappear for a while when we're marching . the only good thing is we're learning choreography tomorrow and more drill : happy : i've been listeing to this all morning . 30 seconds to mars - from yesterday youtube - broadcast yourself . fencing is a strange sport i play trombone and i'm currently trying to learn how to play the guitar . when you observe an extroverted feeler and wonder how both of you are part of the same species why do my friends like to talk about feelings so much ? stupid fi / fe ...  ' why do people close their eyes when they try to remember things ? i find it doesn't help and makes you look slightly ridiculous . ' vampire hunter d everything has cliques . even cliques have little mini-cliques . still in high school ( sophomore starting this fall ) lol i haven't seen that movie in a while not really ... cool avatar by the way i really don't like to be hugged or shown affection . it annoys me for the most part . i would much rather shake someone's hand than hug them . it doesn't help that my friends have a tendency to hug ... 1 . my chemical romance 2 . panic ! at the disco 3 . breaking benjamin 4 . three days grace 5 . thousand foot krutch 6 . nickelback 7 . rise against 8 . 3 doors down 9 . the used 10 . cage the elephant poe . i don't mind shakespeare , but i especially like ( and am more familiar with ) poe's work insurgent by veronica roth and city of glass by cassandra clare