' sometimes i wonder if i might actually be an infj that's just experiencing motivational issues . i've been clinically depressed off and on for years . recent events in my life have intensified that and ... being replaced sucks . this friend / guy i liked who is an intp , if you haven't read previous posts , has said he liked me but gave mixed signals . he lives 2000 miles away , works full time and goes to school kind of ... my close friend is an intp who got a new job a couple months ago that's very labor intensive . before starting this job he had told me he thinks he might be depressed and he went to his family to ask ... mine was hit for the first time in a while . i work for an lgbt organization and we're currently canvassing on transgender rights . it started off by this guy saying how straight white men are the most ... i'm pretty gender queer . my style tends to shift between gothic and glam to grungey and boyish . i like black , velvet , florals , shiny things , baby doll dresses , my ballet flats , etc . but half of my ... i definitely agree with this sentiment , and i think that my instructions apply more to people like family members or otherwise nts you have no choice but to work things out with . when it comes to ... i'm not so into poetry because i feel confined by the rules associated with creating good poetry ( meter , rhyming , etc . ) . not to mention , when i do write , i write a lot at once . i have a tendency to ... mom : enfp - we have our ups and downs but for the most part get along . we agree on a lot of things and share a sense of humor . dad : intp - the parent i'm the most like since we're both quiet , calm , ... obviously not intp here , but i think it's clear we're dealing with similar things ( except in my case , he's far away so there's no opportunity to go out for coffee or anything ) . maybe the best thing ... i don't really think so . my dad's an intp and i get this weird feeling he's still in love with my mom even 15 years after their divorce where she cheated on him . my intp friend agonizes over his exes ... i hate to double post , but i need one more bit of insight on this whole thing . alright so i've established that this guy has been really busy / tired and has been neglecting most of the relationships ... when you procrastinate until it's an absolute emergency and then somehow end up creating a beautiful finished product . i've been trying to quit smoking and it's been really hard . i've been trying to regain all of my health so my brain starts working like normal again and i feel more whole . i've always wanted to force ... when people compare me to other characters i usually was already able to relate to them in some way . daria - i have a tendency to come off dull , bored , and dry and speak only in witty comments ... although i present myself somewhat girly sometimes , i've always felt rather androgynous / gender queer . i usually am in jeans and t-shirts / flannels / sweaters if not in a frilly blouse or dress , but if ... i had a very vivid and intense sexual dream last night about my current love interest . i actually ... um ... climaxed ( ehem ) in the dream . it was in a forest and i was wearing a flower crown ? ? ? i ... well , his current job situation is only temporary and is ( hopefully ) a stepping stone ( it's not a 100 % deal ) to a job that would 1 ) be closer to me 2 ) would be something he enjoys , essentially his ... from what i understand , a lot of other people are being ignored by him . i go to his facebook and all i see are i miss you ! comments . our mutual friend ( and his best friend ) says he hasn't talked ... i currently despise and feel disgusted by these romantic feelings i have for this particular person . subtle murder holy shit dude , you've essentially described what i experience every time i smoke now . that's pretty similar to my story . every time i share what happens with people they look at me ... my dad and a few of my close friends are intp and i find they laugh most at dry , offensive , and rather not pc humor . oh my goodness . since the first time i smoked weed i didn't feel much , i just got a little giggly and my ne showed even more . but now i just go absolutely insane . i don't know if you've seen the ... yes , the sudden disappearance only happened after he started working graveyard , and i can't blame him . however , i know he's spending his free time ( however little it is ) occasionally flirting with ... i have't had ideas for writing since i was a teenager . they were mediocre , mind you , and oftentimes ripoffs of esteemed novels i'd never read , but at least i had ideas . instead , my brain is full of ... i hate that my goals are unrealistic and i have no motivation or desire to attempt to achieve realistic goals . i often dream about being a globe-trotting best-selling author so i can do what i ... a former coworker of mine was a very insecure enfj . apparently he liked me for a while and i was totally oblivious to it , in fact , at times i figured quite the opposite . looking back i should have ... i was smoking weed in my backyard and i jumped and launched into outer space . i was floating around what i perceived as outer space , however the proportions of planets and stars and such in relation ... i work for a human rights organization where there really isn't a hierarchy , rather a large group of people in leadership who make decisions unanimously ( or attempt to ) . a large majority of them are ... i used to hate it because i was uncomfortable with my body and would see all these wonderful clothes i would wear , but wouldn't be caught dead in in the form i was in . jean and bra shopping were the ... after knowing somebody long enough to share witty humor or give insightful commentary woah . what i've learned about nts , since i have a handful in my life ( specifically intps ) is that if you want them to be emotionally open with you , you have to make it safe for them and be patient . if you ... nfs , intps , or isfps are my favorites . i tend to be moreso friends with enfs than romantically interested because they're a lot of fun , but can be too much if i have them around for too long ... when the most annoying thing you could ever experience is a stranger trying to strike up small talk when you're clearly involved in something or trying to be alone . ( ie reading , listening to music , ... > not actually dating intp because of distance , but express mutual feelings for each other . > gets new job and suddenly disappears off of the face of the planet . he shoots me a text every 5 days or so ... invisible overwhelmed feeling pessimistic about future events and at the same time romanticizing these same events . sometimes i'm amazed by my ability to do this . i really like you , but you really upset me . you're so careless and i've been really forgiving of that , but i should only have to say that something upsets me so many fucking times before it comes ... - i'm moving for like the 5th time in 3 years and it's the nature of my life that the minute i start to establish relationships somewhere circumstance forces me to move again . i was hoping that this ... at this point i'm constantly hyper-aware of people around me being insincere that i have absolutely no room to be bothered by it . it bothers me when i'm put in a situation where i have to wear some ... i'm not sure if i necessarily qualify for this thread , since we're technically not official because it's long distance relationship . he's an intp . i'm really attracted to intp's and their minds , but ... i have three people that i know for sure to be infp's . one i knew from my old job back when i was in the food industry and i found her to be very annoying . she was too sweet , too timid , always kind ... well , i talked to him and apologized for the time i blew up and emotionally blackmailed him , and strangely he understood , given my current life circumstances , why i need him around more often . then i ... ha , one of my best work friends is an enfj and she smothers me with hugs every day , sometimes gives me big sloppy kisses on the cheek . it used to embarrass the hell out of me , especially because at ... 1 . my job for the last year has been as a canvasser for a grassroots non profit organization for lgbt rights . my last day is approaching and boy has that been a wonderful and horrible experience . a ... i'm definitely going to apologize for the emotional blackmail because that's even out of character for me . i'd never really felt heartbroken before and i had no clue how to handle it . now mr ... one time in 2nd grade i had this friend who expressed that she thought her vagina looked weird so her and i and our other best friend compared vaginas under the lunch table and came to the conclusion ... you're definitely right here . we haven't had any problems as friends until there was this ambiguity in the air about what we want . when he gets confused , he pulls away . then i'm confused . then my ... i score pretty much right on the line between f & t , but i lean more towards f . i took a test for my cognitive functions and my fi was actually weaker than my ne ( despite fi usually being the ... it's been about two weeks since i said i'd give him space . seeing as how he's pretty busy as of late should i wait a little longer and give him more time before i bring it up ? or at this point is it ... '