' you just succeeded in making my day :D i think you're right , too--you would be infj enough for both of us ! and moderator fail . going back over the videos , i saw a few times where you started to say something and i never gave you the floor , but in real time , i was trying so hard to give you an opening when ... yes , yes we do ! not tonight , thought--you available saturday morning ? if not , we can set something else up :) fat bozo & celebok finished your video , and loved it , of course . jeff , i think you get ntp pretty darn well . having achieved five guru levels myself ;) i have , in fact , encountered the exact ... entp 2w3 answering the call :) i've got two vids lined up currently , but if you don't mind a little wait , i'm game last call for entjs , enfjs , intps or infps to join the great child function symposium and knowledge expansion vortex ! celebok , pneumoceptor , fat bozo , i will pm you with possible times by ... and another ! i chat it up with hallstrigity about cognitive functions , entp-itude , and the question of morality . with detours for vikings and leprechauns : ... teddy and i did an isfj-entp chat--check it out : ( the rest is further up this thread , or go to my youtube channel - - jendragon 42 ) yay ! will try to set up times as soon as we get word on an s-tertiary . and i can only assume that it's the physical object consortium at work once more . i'm under a life-long ban for insufficient ... too late ! i accept your challenge . i'm trying to work out a sched with auclairedelune 00 and replying shortly to , but would you mind adding yet another entp to your list ? also : ... fat bozo & hallstrigity - - very cool . and yes , fat bozo , power to the p-e's for doing something unexpected just because we can :) like turning a soap dispenser into a dalek miniature . sometimes , ... hallstrigity , i'm always down . lemme know ! well , you're certainly right that it's complicated ! i guess there are two separate issues for ns ( in my experience ): the symbiotic , reciprocal process of ni / ne and the ... we do , although the directly analogous relationship is between ne and ni--which is also exactly the same kind of symbiotic relationship in which ne generates , then ni distills . the difference seems ... um , this is where being an entp 2w3 gets embarrassing . i mostly don't care about helping people in the abstract . you have to get me to care about you first , then i desire with my whole soul to help ... when i was trying to wrestle out my type , and i finally realized that i was looking at the head types because my brain is my image . i value knowledge in and of itself , of course ( 2w3 / 5w6 / 9 ) , but what ... fantastic combo , ' cause i'm 2-5- 9 , nearly a triple play ! i like power . love me some power . it's hot . i enjoy having it in and of itself , although i don't actually like using it except to protect ... it does depend on why they're withdrawn--if it's for introspection and truth seeking , for example , this will not apply , but in general , for fear / shame / hurt / etc-withdrawn people , i wish to come along ... thanks for answering my questions ! if i may pose another--what would it look like if frustration at failing infp personal standards became the central focus of your life ? ( and you lived in an ne-rich ... awesome answers , rd93 . follow-up : did you feel disdain for that process because you saw the problems it caused within yourself , or was it related to external stressors ( the way other people treated ... i have to preface this by saying that i'm suffering from acute stupid-professor-brain this afternoon . it's very similar to the conditions that i call ' sleep soup ' and ' fiction-coma ' , only the result ... rd93 : yes , yes , that was exactly the info-cluster i was looking for . thank you ! you are a beautiful , beautiful human being , and i'm glad to have known you , even if only online . do you feel that tendency within yourself , or do you suspect that it doesn't develop until the middle of life ? i know you talked about consciously rejecting assumptions in your talk with ... have you ever wondered what we'll ramble about when we're 80 ? not that your mother or esfj church friend are 80 , but my estj grandma and istj grandpa are , and the stories they ramble about now , ... i have an ( i think ) infp brother who was extremely difficult to type , and it might shed some light on our process if you could talk about infp and perfectionism , pessimism and anger . thanks ! my mbti plate is now empty , so if you'd like to do a vid with me , i'd love to :) can i ' over-use ' my secondary 5 fix ... i need to think about that one . it's always been such a reliable workhorse for me for such a long time . i identify it with my ti-aux , which is pretty robust by ... meadow : i really like this set of descriptions ! i find the 2 description more adaptive for those of us who aren't ( s ) f ( j ) , while not excluding those trends for the type . i especially resonated with ... investigating the meaning of free will . if the above choices are indistinguishable in your experience , or a distinction without a difference , then that's input , too . i just want to find out how ... because i can ... i am throwing a philosophical question into the aether and would love to see what comes out . i have been pondering the question what do you want ? it seems to me that that ... lady lullaby and i talk all things type 2 !  hope you enjoy ! yes , yes , and yes . and yes . this is the family curse . um , yes ? my posse and i were discussing our plans for post-apocalyptic survival . i will be the compound magister--my mission before things go wrong is to study galen and memorize as many exciting ... hatshepsut's beard , by zomg smells . also nuee ardente , oort , and chasing a tiger while calling your mum long-distance . hatshepsut's beard - zomg smells they had me at large hadron collider . we just wear our bad-assery on the outside :D but despair not--we get you . there aren't very many of us , but we get you . you totally should . it's a university town , we've got plenty of use for communicative biologists :) and you have a standing invitation to stay at the unrespectable convent and alliance of the ... it's a 3x3 matrix of { environmental / mental / social } feedback cues multiplied by { sensational / volitional / contemplative } experience of existence . i may find better words than that , but that's the most ... the discussion ? well ... i might be able to skype you in if we move the venue to my place instead of village inn :) we're using the book turning points by ... guy ... last name starts with an ' n ' ... i ... , thanks for the comment ! as a fellow entp , you'll understand my desire to understand the snot out of the enneagram system , and then pass judgement ;) after a week-long wrestling match with ... darn . there's that research problem again ;) well , at least it was a first for both of us--just like in sports , you can manufacture a significant statistic if you narrow the field creatively ! aaaand because i'm a busy , busy girl , my chat with !  ... so , at long last , here is the above-advertised discussion ! ( the part we recorded , anyway :) hard to stop that ne-ni theoretical discussion ! ) ... and the chat i had with teddy 564339 this afternoon , bridging at last the great nt-sj divide !  ... behold the magnificence of my non-j-ness ( ha ha ! ): here is a discussion i had with a week ago about the different typologies and ne-ni synergy : ... i never mind a question--ntp talking here :) i got several things out of it , actually . the first , most important thing was perspective . learning from the inside what different people need from ... i actually feel similarly , but not in quite as strong a form . if i seriously can't see myself ending up with someone for life , the rule utilitaria is don't start . if i realize that it won't work ... that people are more judgmental about what other people believe than why they believe it . go team p ! somewhat , but i don't think the need for individualism is a strict corollary of kiersey temperaments . although i'd bet that there's a better corolation between individualism and introverting your ... yeah , mostly . see previous post . theoretical conceptualization is ti , which is as counter-productive for enfp as fi is for entp - - 7th out of 8 ! te is conceptualizing the thing in front of you . does that work better for you ? '