 now i feel really stupid for not noticing that until now , ahaha . wow .  lady antebellum - need you now timmy curran - joan  sent : hurry up ! i don't want your smoothie to melt . received : okay . :) this summer has been so boring ... at least , it's boring whenever i'm home . x_x 12th grader : how do you spell bikini ? ingrid michaelson - the way i am i am reading for one more day by mitch albom . i love forrest gump ! i had some nacho doritos . type : infj favorite character : bellatrix or snape ingrid michaelson - be ok these programs need to delve into the human's sexuality , like you said . i had the abstinence only forms thrown at me all through middle and high school and i lost my virginity the summer before my ... ... i have been playing the piano for ten years , and took lessons for eight years . i really wish i could play the violin because it's so beautiful . i cannot sing . i had rice for dinner and it was yummy . i'm waiting for my mom to finish getting ready so we can go to church . i've been forced to attend all my life and i hate it . i don ’ t know why . i was fine for a few weeks ... i was starting to feel better , but now , it ’ s all coming back . i hurt so much sometimes and for years , i just sat there and stared at ceilings , but now , ... welcome ! i remember being in your boat , sort of . for the longest time , i considered myself an intj until i spent more time around them . over time , i realized that i couldn't relate as well and then ... he is an entj . usually when i'm alone in my room , i wear shorts and a bra . i would lose the bra , but i love the way my chest looks with the lace . i'm a bit vain in that regard , ahaha . i dreamed that my boyfriend was in a white suit with tails , playing the overture to the phantom of the opera on my piano . it struck me as odd because he plays the violin , not the piano . i had a bite of a cake that i made . i'm cleaning my room . it's a terrible mess and needs to be done before my mom gets home from work in a few hours . regina spektor - samson you are my sweetest downfall i loved you first , i loved you first beneath the stars came fallin ' on our heads but they're just old light , they're just old light your ... i've been moved . i wanted to have a kindle burning ceremony when my mom told me this morning . part of my favorite thing about reading is smelling the books and flipping the pages , holding a whole new world in my ... it's a gif , but still . i plan on majoring in technical theatre . jane eyre - charlotte bronte harry potter series - jk rowling to kill a mockingbird - harper lee little women - louisa m alcott catcher in the rye - jd salinger the great gatsby - f scott ... i'm from north america . many people say i can , but personally , i think they may be taking some drugs before listening to me . i had a grande caramel frappaccino from starbucks . my least favorite subject would have to be math . i always tell people in real life that i love and excel at it for whatever reason , but i don't . my grades are purely average , even though i can spend ... it's good to speak up because sometimes , the person you're trying to speak up to just might listen and change his ways for the better . my favorite part of the day was going out to olive garden with my boyfriend . i had some of the swedish fish candies . this was actually for me , not the other way around . it was handwritten and just ... ah , perfect ! i can't decipher all of it , though , so if i add a [ ... ] , that means i'm clueless as to what was said . ... i'm watching the 6th episode from the first season of the cosby show !  lino-cut prints . :)