welcome ... and enjoy the ride ! ! ! only marry someone you would aspire to be just like . to add , my estj husband says , i'm too quiet and must be living too rich a life in my head because i don't tell him the kind of ' important ' information he wants to know , such as about events we've ... wonderful , to keep fighting this mindset . if you keep replacing all negative thoughts with positive ones , eventually the positive thiughts will make some tracks , and default brain into thinking ... great idea ... boosting seretonin levels ( ocd or obsessive compulsive disorder is also another syndrome that can make one fixate on all sorts of things , including things on your erson ) . perhaps , to ... sorry about ths . sounds like ' seasonal affective disorder ' but , best to have your doctor diagnose you based on your secific issues so you can get best care and feel better soon . if , sad , it can ... yes , i often have that ' out of sight out of mind ' mindset with regard to my so . not that i really forget him but i just get so busy and can only focus on one thing at a time so often no thought of ... also , good idea to think of the things or moments when you didn't like the person . also , if they reject you or decide to call it quits , then don't waste any more time or energy thinking of them , just ... beat way to get over someone is to keep really busy . also , don't ' stay friends ' ( yet ) ... and don't email or call them anymore , or try to find out how they are . best just to dismiss them from your ... nippon oh my , this is so me ( except for line four and eleven . i realized early in life that most people don't think of me as much as i think they do .. also , most of the time i don't really have any ... when your director ( a md , ph . d ) calls you a ' driver ' because you check periodically that he and others are still working on a project so it meets the timeline set . also , have difficulty ... i can relate ... my esfj mil feels she must know everything and if in passing catches just a word of any personal conversation with my so or fil will ask what we are talking all about . we , being ... rain celebration goal actually , imo it is a silly question ( unless flirting ) because one can't really give a true yes or no answer . if answered yes , one could be thought of as pining ( dreaming an thinking ) after their ... no , not that cold ... just busy and focused on tasks at hand ... but , after several days away i will miss my so during some of the quieter moments alone such as when i am laying in bed or during a ... when after a week or two away your so asks , ' did you miss me ? ' and you don't want to hurt him ... instead you ask yourself ' ' what kind of question is that ? ' when you try to think of excuse yourself from the dinner table when a family member wants to sit and ' chat ' after dinner retelling people oriented stories that you've heard a dozen times ... workday money black eye piping updo hot stuff diamonds love yum ! sounds like a delicious ritual ... make mine a double-double ... ? sparks mirage 180 degrees pellets slingshot smashing mystery drinks scroll thick pastels thumbs don't like the fake kind of woa like when a person ritualisticly always ends a phone conversation with ' luv ya ' . however , a sweet compliment when i look exceptional or did something amazing , or woa ... i appreciate my eyeglasses because if i lived before they were invented i would not be able to read ... or write . can't comment on an istj marriage ... but from my own experience a female 9 and a 6 male makes for an awesome , exciting and superfun istj + istj friendship with lots of interests in common . we never ... oh no , my dry istj humour strikes again ... was only kidding about mr . bush being the inventor of the internets ( plural ); was simply alluding to his very old 2004 statement , ' i hear there's ... speaking of progress ... didn't bush invent the ' internets ' ... even more fun ! most people consider me a conservative dresser because i like the simple clean styles , lots of white , gray or black . i also wear glasses , but must be elegant . current ones are black rectangle kind ... steel also , i dislike being late , but worse to arrive too early then sit and wait for an event to start . i always try to look busy on my pda so people won't come up and talk to me . rude , i know , but i ... when friend asks if you are okay when you are not smiling or talking . when you enjoy browsing through aisles of storage store solutions . also , when you enjoy food shopping more than clothes ...