' so i've become friendly with an intp female who's currently in a relationship . we've hung out platonically multiple times , and i get the feeling that she likes me . i also like her , but i'm not sure ... - - - the fact that it is , in fact , me . this is exactly what i mean ! my dad is the same exact way ! it's so strange to see some intj's who are like this , and others who feel no need to externalize their thoughts - although shouldn't a ... i'm in med school , and i got one of my professors into mbti . he had our entire class take the test and share their results . also , my dad and brother are both intj . i've noticed that there are a certain subset of intj's who will talk your ear off about a topic that involves themselves or something they're interested in , and will have almost zero regard for ... i'm almost exactly inverse to this , and i'm a strong intp (8 0 % + in all categories ) . never received below a c until high school . i'm in medical school now , and have a c average . i'm also completely ... sure it is . i just thought it was interesting that he was making an observation back then that's related to the dissonance between different personality types . i guess i have yet to absorb the prevailing standards of political correctness on the forum . edit : updated op so as to not offend specific temperaments . i was using a metaphor . for ... and that's exactly what some libertarians have resorted to . paypal founder funds libertarian sea colony it is indeed my choice to live in this geographical area . it is not my choice to grant other individuals ownership over my life as a condition of living in this geographical area . talk about ahead of his time .. i've always liked this quote from einstein , but now having learned a little about these temperaments , i now know why this quote struck me : great spirits have always ... actual quote : hey , did you know dave started that company ? you wouldn't think it , huh ? difference : my army would have to be built without being granted the ability to extract resources from every single individual , without their consent , in a given geographical area ( state ) .  ... i don't know anyone who would claim that all people are equal in their talents . is your reasoning : no individual is equal , and therefore some individuals should be granted the right to own the ... so the solution is to advocate the creation of a group of individuals whose sole purpose is to rule ? q : is it better if the dorm owner has an army , nuclear weapons , and were granted the right ... one of my favorite youtube videos of all time . things become incredibly clear when you start calling things what they are . beautifully put . i'd love to see an attempt to refute the accuracy of this analogy . i agree , it is a matter of power . so your proposal to is to arbitrarily create an institution whose entire existence relies on its inherent power over individuals ? if the group of individuals ... uhm , yes , if you are being coercively forced to be a part of it . and if you claim something benefits more than it harms , do you believe that justifies theft ? if a system provides sufficient ... please see my sweeper example . it doesn't matter how much benefit is being provided . the principle is the same . if i believe i received adequate benefit from the services rendered , then i would ... i define society as exactly what it is : a collection of individuals . a society is not a sentient entity , but a collection of sentient entities . when you start to call things what they are , the ... which practical results can be achieved if there are no underlying ideals motivating the change ? do the two not go hand-in-hand ? there you go , putting merit on status , in true intj form . that's one major difference between intj's and intp's . intp's will tend to give all arguments the same degree of consideration regardless ... anarchism is the conclusion . it is drawn logically by accepting one condition - self-ownership . a conditional proof can be made , given this definition of self-ownership : a condition where every ... i have read your criticisms and will address them by pointing out the major mischaracterizations you have made . * i am not claiming that universal morality exists * . thus , i am not claiming that ... well unlike small-government libertarians , i take libertarianism to its logical endpoint , which is anarcho-capitalism . a little bit of theft and coercion is still theft an coercion - and a rejection ... what you're describing is the equivalent of the following scenario . tell me if you would agree with this scenario : every day , without you asking , i walk in front of you and sweep the ground you ... that's the equivalent of saying that since a prisoner is forced to eat prison food , then he is complicit in his enslavement . try to boil things down to the principles at work . things become much ... i think there is likely a strong correlation between how nt someone is and how likely they are to be atheist / agnostic . i also think that agnostic is an often misused term , as i know many ... or not assigned at all . to your life doesn't have a definition pseudo-argument , i assumed it was understood that we are discussing the physical realm . the nature of existence is not pertinent ... well then , how do you define theft ? is this fair ? theft - to take someone's property without their consent . there is nothing inherently ' wrong ' with that . however if people saw it for what it is ( an endorsement of institutionalized theft , force , and coercion ) , then they would reject it . the great ... you are right , and wrong . you are wrong to assert that an ideology claims to be right or true . you are right to assert that opinions are subjective . on the surface , they are subjective . ... in a truly free society , what is stopping individuals from forming enclaves in which they govern themselves however they so choose ? this is the only system under which you are not forced to ... i believe we have confusion over the right to property . do you own yourself ? if you believe so , the rest follows . please show me where i committed this fallacy . correct me if i'm wrong , but it seems that i have done nothing but make an argument from principle - not trying to justify a theory based upon the ... that's exactly the same as saying a robbery at gunpoint is a is a voluntary transaction , because you could still choose not to hand over your wallet . something is not voluntary if in order to ... yes , you must first accept that man has the right to own the product of his work ( given that it was acquired free of force or coercion ) - whether that be voluntarily inhabiting an area of land / ... you commit a common non-sequitor , in equating the necessity of society to the necessity of a state / government . before the slaves were freed , one might ask who will pick the cotton ? at the ... makes me feel like going to the movies ! i don't belong here . boring ? they have a damn e , and they think ! entj's are the most interesting people i know ! my experience with them has always been that they are warm individuals esfp's can love a decorated rock . so yes . nice avatar .. intp ron paul supporter here . no , this is natural , because it's true ! well , not to the alex jones degree .. but to some degree . globalists exist , and they are trying to create a ... personhood is an illusion an infj made me cry about 4 years ago . before that , i can't remember . since then , i've only cried with joy a few times . surprisingly , weezer .. not sure what it is about the hopeless romantic emo-ish lyrics .. i find that nothing very profound can be conveyed via song , so i mostly listen with a musical ear rather ... you need 15 posts to send a pm ? what gives ? ! '