' tbh i'm kinda wondering if there is any who doesn't like hc gaming . as i'v understood getting better in any given thing is a thing here and so at some point it always comes up . though i don't have ... i'm not going to deny that if she have appealing female shapes that i could magically swing that reality of the board , no it stays and i'd always be conscious of it . but i would be really , really ... mm well . i had this one thing in mind some week ago , but forgot how i was about to word it . though acat pretty much filled the whole set . even more concious of those 2 people making decisions for ... : 3 for the image , well kinda . expect it's not really image , hes reasonable alright , nor do i think he put that much effort to hiding his displeasure with other peoples either . more like it seemed that ... 1 ) what's your age ( or rough estimate or omit altogether if you prefer ) ? 20 2 ) what interests you as far as school focus / career focus ? - who knows , that aspect is still wide open . for a ... there's various possibilities , he might not have anything to say to you ( literally nothing of interest ) , he might be absorbed in the thing he's doing ( in such situations time just flies and you give ... he likes you alright . there comes a point when casual conversation alone starts feeling cheesy , you don't make deep connections with just it . for that matter casual conversation personally isn't ... cant ' n won't help it , i'm in love with the song now too . :p enguin : good news . however , there's just that one highlighted thing that hit my eye and felt like giving small reply . just from my personal experience which might or might not be relative , i would ... have estj father too , well i suppose he could be estp too , but the temperament was solid that's certain . i wouldn't exactly call it clashing with me though , more like clashing on me . :D dd nn ... i see , good stuff . say . figuratively , if i had enough money to somewhat guarantee living for few years and i'd think of picking things up and going wandering abroad without necessarily having any ... drink potion of perfection . u don't have to . you just need those visitors , strangers and random persons to be people you do like . and then , maybe you'll even start finding some enjoyment from ... ori had prooobably the best adrenalinethrill-spikes i'v had for a while . escape levels . <3 and ofc the story too . well dnno , mystical ninja goemon had some pretty cool co-op memories i smell ulterior motive and its making me curious . but yup , like she said , not everyone is like the others . enneagram is good example on how many mbti - types have very different results there ... nothing wrong at all ! i totally understand and tbh sorta felt like doing so too . but dnno , then it just didn't matter to me . can as well cause diversity by sticking to ... :D mmmm well , some people like throwing cheesy stuff just because they are hilarious and others just like to talk to themselves , but diitails . its great . i must admit that the combat ... then you are in for another treat . :D also random delicious cinematic . yay ! can even start laughing for the sake of laughing . it's really weird D: but there's just something really pleasing and entertaining in the way you do it . it's like your giving something to ... from my own experience and self-understanding i'd say isfj : s aren't likely to get shocked about some directness , i personally crave for it . you'd have to glare at me from behind the window at the ... aaaah i see . ninjaws i see . though that makes me see it as if whichever fe or si is dominant / auxiliary seems to be linked to wether you are i or e . so thinking it that way wouldn't your quantity to both i and ... ninjaws well look at you , here to bring the change . : glee : there are sides on the ese that relate to me and i feel like they are missing from the other . buuut i am inclined to admit that sei ... honor uuu , i found that also helpful ! very interesting . it was little mindblowing how he talks about when esfj is positive he can be really alluring and comfortable to other people . made me think ... inregardstomyself heyyy wanna know a secret ? no kidding , one of your previous post was among those that got me consider the type bit more seriously . yeh , i too readed pits and pieces from here ... haiii well those certainly promotes my belief . some slight differences to how you straight up worded stuff there is , though in a bigger picture they are easy to assimilate with . amusingly enough , ... well , finally got the point of actually reading about the functions , comparing them and trying to decide which would hit me best . result would be that fe , si , ne , ti stand the most true for me , which ... that was surprisingly good : o adding a little fantasy side here . the stormlight archieve i found myself practically obsessed with that one and sure enough it skyrocketed straight to my most favorite . granted , i haven't read ... ratio from time to time i feel horribly guilty about all the peeps in past that i'v let slide away for not having time beside new peoples and my own withdrawals to various different things . and why it ... yea well , i won't vouch anything but based on that reply from hers id say you are running on spare time if that . might not be that bad idea to take hint from previous comments . women's mind seem to ... phlegmatic / sanguine : th_o : 2w7 , 2w9 : crazy : i'll join the club . did several tests and read descriptions until my head hurt . the results didn't really feel so out of place , having almost constantly very balanced results between them both and ... clown elementary felt like a child's play , without lifting a finger for more then few specific subjects such as chemistry and biology i easily obtained top - or close enough scores . same groove continued ... finnish wooo ! o / jatka samaa rataa ! gratz ! that's small step for man , but giant leap for the pill . couldn't help but to remember when you try to swallow some pill then against all forces of nature you don't get it down , then you try ... means hey friend , you are hot , let's have sex until you or i find our soulmate ideally it's like that for both sides . if not , well that's when things can get awkward . :p ercsmile 1 : for me that's a habit . jumping from subject to another , or just straight spiking through the persons guard just to see how he comes back . plus it's more practical , if confusion follows the ... to hit 15 random posts . and orange juice , you can never have enough cold dripping orange juice . :p erc 3 : when the people you are with are ready to yield in frustration and you notice that you'r not even half way there . rationalism , positivism . now i think that's funny , since as far as i understand my answer to to n . 3 i believe in what lies beyond the observable ( things which i have yet to understand and are ... '