really ? i didn't know intj has such a bad reputation . obviously , some fellow intj were jerking around and leaving mean comments everywhere so you think we are trying to fit into the stereotype . ... they're exactly what i would do . he likes you very much haha . hi from an intj . welcome to the forum :) do all ni dom users like daydreaming ? haha well , just to find a solution to fix my problem . i hope someone would suggest some opinions and that's all . and i thought maybe it's not just me who is often criticized . i am often criticized for expressing quick and stupid judgement , well especially in this forum : frustrating : is it just me or is it the arrogance in intj ? do you have the same experience ? socionics is different from mbti . that's right . anyway , my sister is an esfj and we used to hate each other . but now , after years of trying to understand each other , we become kind of friends . it ... how do si and se work in practice ? if what you have suggested is for se , what is for si ? indeed i wanted to say the op could have some events rather than just talk with sensors . however , i really ... another intj and religion debate ... no , i won't talk about that . :d ry : it's hard for us to get along with sensors . i agree with the op that they use a different language . what wickedqueen has ... that's one of the best videos about an intj i've ever seen . well , he's right . only an intj can beat an intj . cool ~ intp and intj can give each other different perspective of ideas in a debate ... you think you are popular ? no , you are wrong . people hate you . my mum is isfj but i don't find her annoying at all . she may not understand my way of thinking but she cares me , she understands that i need space and gets used to my behaviors . i don't think these ... like bethdeth said , it's just some recharging time . i love to go wild at party too but i can't do that all the time . just stay at home , figuring what i'm going to do is better than talking ... i like you . your subjective bunch of mishmash is just fascinating . : blushed : i can relate much to what you've said . i've got an istp friend and i find both of us quiet yet love to have fun so i ... hehe , i always hope i would meet other esfj besides my sister . she is sometimes annoying and she really hates complicated theories related to topics like cognitive functions , and the purpose of life ... really ? no one likes cantonese chinese ? i speak in cantonese , one of the most difficult language for westerners to learn , it has nine tones . it's widely used in hong kong , macau , and guangzhou . i ... when an intj said there's no god , another intj would stab him until he surrender which he would never . that's been repeated since i've got here . to me , i agree with some people that we tend to ... you have your point but it doesn't seem to be correct when the population of intj female is calculated based on the results done by the intj women themselves . among 1000 women who joined the ... science was my best subject in school but i was only above average in maths . i like science more than maths because i think maths is quite boring . i think many intjs are good at maths and science ... i think she's an esfj too . well , fe is extremely obvious and i would say it's a dom . i can't imagine taylor being an typical enfp . that kind of social butterfly ? just can't . she's a girl that has fe ... my sis is an esfj and all she cares are boys , friends , shopping and facebook . lately she asked me something about this stuff just because she is interested in the reason why she broke up with her ex ... this is 3.0 ? is there still a poll for the month ? i feel good about everything here and the autosave function is excellent ! hello , little intp girl . nice to meet ya ! welcome to the forum : crazy : welcome to the forum . about your relationship , yeah , why so hurry ? welcome to the forum . the istp forum needs more people to post . welcome to the forum : crazy : welcome to the forum : crazy : welcome to the forum . : crazy : i'm not so sure what i would feel if someone i like beat me in sports . who is the winner in the end is not so important . i guess i won't hate people for beating me in sports but i don't think i would ... welcome to the forum . it's common for people to get to know this whole thing when they look for career advice . : crazy : welcome to the forum , the righty place for you to learn more about people . : crazy : welcome to the forum . : crazy : welcome to the forum . : crazy : welcome to the forum : crazy : welcome to the forum . : crazy : mmm ... i think mr.cafebot is stalking lindseycnl i'm excited too . hunger games . this thread could be posted in the entertainment forum . there'll be more responses . welcome to the forum ! ! your idea is similar to an idiom in china . that's true philosophy . everyone said i'm crazy . indeed i'm the normal and clear minded one . i love this thread . it should have a sticker on it . maybe eventually it will . in a recent thread , my mask finally has broken down . in that thread , i felt one was criticizing other types and so ... i think other types commenting in this forum actually helps introducing new ideas . especially ideas from feelers and sensors . hi abbi , welcome to the forum . : crazy : welcome to the forum . welcome again , please don't bite me again ... i am crying . i mean no offense . and i'm an adult , believe it or not . welcome to the forum . yeah , this forum is interesting . your bite really hurts . okay . whatver oxytocin does , i have no intention to contradict you . it's just sarcasm . sarcasm is love . i'm sorry for the rudeness in the previous post . have i kissed a girl before ? no , i haven't . and yes , i am young . you probably checked my profile to see me :) there's one of the most difficult questions in cognitive functions forum . i've spent days and weeks to understand the whole ni and ne thing . and you expect someone to explain to you in a few words ? i ... you guys are business nerds , right ? hi , i'm a science nerd now and may become a medical nerd . and i've no idea what you are talking about . i am just passing by and curious of what ista had posted before they were merged by the mighty treebob . don't stare at me , i'm not an intp girl . i think it's hard to say whether you are which type just based on which teacher you preferred . are you sure you are ne ? the difference between ni and ne is ni eliminating possibilities linearly while ... hi , welcome to the forum : crazy :