' you repeated infp , and there's no intp . :) i want to be more talented . have more interests . things to occupy myself with . ryan higa is the definition of ne . he is so strongly entp . oh and there is another thread for this . i don't think this is relevant to type . but other than intjs , all the other intuitives are willing to take other approaches and think differently from their own . congratulations , grandmaster yoda . thank you . funny how it's mostly the females who seem to agree with me . a question i've been thinking is , what is intelligence ? it depends on the person , and what they think intelligence is . and it's definitely not only a ' ' girl thing ' ' . but he did mean it as all women . not ' ' some ' ' or ' ' most . ' ' he said all . you could call it ignorance , but people would say i'm being extreme and call me a raging feminist . it's just a stupid ... no . we are all simple-minded twats who only like small talk and guys for pleasure . we are totally not ready for heavy intellectual debates and abstract theories simply because we are female . not ... esfps . to be drunk and doing crazy shit is a whole different thing , also sometimes just getting random ideas is very different . and estps being into sports is a stereotype . you scream se , man . i agree . when i took tests , i chose what i wanted to be , not what i really am . sensing is being more in tune with real life . intuition is being more in tune with your head . it's a lot more complex than that though , but just a little thought . ne is basically ... unhealthy ( ... well , fucked up ) estp . there's almost no ne , i'm surprised . xntp ? most people had typed him as infp . even i did . but i can see him being intp . uguu senpaiii ~ greetings , another intp . i see you're pretty sure that you're intp ( hence your name , true_intp ) . i sure didn't start off that way . 1 . i say eh a bit too much . x ) what can you do , eh ? 2 . sometimes can be . we're all human after all . 3 . torontonian ! it's september , i shouldn't be wearing short sleeved shirts ! 4 . i hate hockey ... aquarius . maybe taurus . i'm a gemini and it doesn't fit me at all . nice to meet you , subaku ! hope you enjoy perc ! isfj < istj < ixtx < inxx < intx < intj < intp my process . cognitive functions really do help . unknown personality ' ' eh ? look up the cognitive functions , if you think you know so much about typing people . you so quickly inferred that i'm a fake . and points for the smart-ass response ... make him some bento . this is my thoughts exactly , using ti-ne . this couldn't have been more accurate . intjs fi vs intps ne . ... and then the good ol ' infp joins in . ... this might actually be true . tattooed disney princesses are super neat . and yes . ^ isfj . i still laugh to this day . + 1 i really do agree . 2 or 3 adjectives don't make a function . cryaotic took the mbti test ( sadly , the yes or no one ) and got infp , but with 50 % feeling / thinking . his girlfriend ( intp ) thinks he's more of an intp , rather . 1 ) what is your mbti type ? intp . 2 ) what is your gender ? female . 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) istps . just noticed they're one letter away from me . hmm , i don't know ... i wanna be the very best ... like no one ever was ... hey , it's creative , funny and memorable . he should've named it tripod . welcome , yellowspotted ! from , yet another female intp . infp . sorry i'm not typing anyone , and i don't know if this has been mentioned before ... but how are you all reacting to ladies ' code's car accident and eunb and rise's deaths ? and then you ended it with ' ' please help ! conflicting emotions here , buddy . i've noticed that too . speaking from my experience , i also think i have pretty high ni for an intp . except i prefer fe > fi which clears it up . emoticons make me playful ? : angry : : mellow : : sad : : cool : : crying : ( i've found an excuse to use my favourite emoticons . ) what am i seen as ? a stoic , gloomy , ball of hate ? ... because it's true . meep ! ;D tell them they're wrong . and that they're actually a feeler . that'll piss them off . hey , i thought i was an istj once . i was just biased . i wanted to think of myself as calm , organized , collected and a good person . turns out i'm not . : kitteh : i said exception . i know she's an entp . : wink : feeler girls are so much more likeable . with the exception of daleks_exterminate . hi ! welcome to perc , cineserre . there are a lot of people like you on here . i hope you enjoy your time ! engaging a debate or a conversation that requires you to think very deeply is pretty hard . shut off that ne for a while , then open up to her once she likes you . i couldn't have a philosophical ... i agree . and most gifted children are xntp or xnxp . myself included . i love how all the intjs always want themselves to be superior , mostly in intelligence . they'll be amazing in terms of grades and academics , but not so much in general intelligence from what i've ... the fact that you took time to write that is very attractive . '