' hey everyone . just wanted to give an update . we are still together . after working out this issue , it is no longer a problem . he was on a school-related extracurricular trip earlier this summer and ... i know it had to be done , and i really do need to stand up for myself ( i can't be a doormat , i can't keep holding others ' needs above my own although often times it's well-intentioned ) , but at the ... update on situation : saw him again for the first time in 1.5 weeks two nights ago . we talked about my ultimatum . i thought we had an understanding . don't see him last night . then , this morning i get ... honestly , i would have a lot more reservations and worries that he is sleeping with this girl if it weren't for a couple things : 1 . although when i first met him i totally thought he was a ... ahh , i'm worried that i portrayed this in a much more negative way than it really is ! my boyfriend is not malicious . he means well and really does care about me , he just operates on a completely ... oh , and further : i try very very hard to be communicative . if i'm upset , after brewing over it for a bit , i tell boyfriend how i feel and why as much as i possibly can . i write him letters and texts ... hi guys . i know there are probably forums dedicated to how entps and infjs work in relationships , but i , an infj , am looking for some input on my personal problem . i am dating a guy who i'm ... my current partner is like ... beyond what i thought i'd ever experience . he is both exciting and comforting , he's physically attractive and we have similar senses of humor and taste in ... i'm a freshman in college . all throughout high school , i had no romantic relationships . any romantic interest i had in guys at my school was one-way and nothing ever came of it . on the first day of ... just to add on to what i said before , probably the thing that my parents misunderstand about me , while being a pivotal part of my thought process / personality , is that when i feel ... i tend to do this ( particularly when it comes to procrastination ( which i am doing right now , whoops ) ) unless i actually give a crap about the task ... if i feel like i inherently have something to ... as an intj teenage female , i can tell you what i personally appreciate , which might apply to your daughter as well . i value words of praise more than a hug . an occasional hug is nice , yes , but ... i currently have romantic interest towards my closest friend's other friend , whom i have spoken to on a number of occasions , both in person and via phone / text . i'm always asking my close friend about ... f'ing ebola ! yes , the disease is awful . we should've done more to solve the problem before it became this severe but people in western nations ( particularly the us ) are so near-sighted that they ... i tend to be really moody and temperamental , which a lot of people ( my own family included ) take as a sign that i'm trying to be difficult or that i'm angry or whatever bs . really it's caused by a ... a female friend of mine , who i had put up with for a good five years , was on a different maturity level than i am and would often say things which made me uncomfortable or were meant to embarrass me ... i'm into both . i want to study public health and become an epidemiologist and i have always loved science , but i also love the arts , particularly writing and music . i think that my appreciation for ... i second the motion . really ? i tend to identify with and enjoy chaotic neutral characters the most . i think those characters tend to add a really interesting element to plot lines and can sometimes be something of a ... i'm perfectly capable of socializing . i communicate well with adults , especially compared to my peers . i have friends and i enjoy spending time with them , but i often half-joke that i only have like ... my school's guidance department has this all-in-one type website which included a personality test . i thought that the test there was significantly better than any free one i've taken online , and i ... this song never fails to relax me . it's one of my all-time favorites and i never tire of it . oh , so there's this guy in my ap chemistry class who i find appealing . while he isn't gorgeous , he's really intelligent , funny , etc . and he wants to go to the same college that i have strong interest ... i think something that really stands out as having a god will provide message to me was this : my aunt , a converted mormon , sent my family this decorated jar filled with christmas scrolls which ... i've never had any religious leanings . as early as kindergarten , peers would talk about church and the concept of heaven and i just thought it was so preposterous . my family isn't religious - my ... 87745 i even smiled a little . i'd say that we are intimidating and many people are scared . if a man can't handle our intelligence and sarcastic wit , then he is all sizzle no meat and is not worth it . i think that hope is a necessary part of life because otherwise we would just be surrounded in extreme nihilism and cynicism which , in moderation , are healthy and necessary . nothing would get done ... i had to put a physical effort into not sobbing while watching dallas buyers club in the theatre . the parts with rayon ( jared leto ) made me cry like a babe . by ' manically depressed ' i'm going to assume that you just mean depressed , not a sufferer of manic-depressive disorder ? either way , i'd choose to be the genius ... all of the ( few ) intjs i've known , along with myself , are bossy . well , maybe it's not so much bossy per se as much as it is being a control freak . i know i'm guilty of it . i , too , get impatient when ... i'm sixteen , and for the past couple years i have had this odd fascination with antibiotic-resistant bacteria and antibiotics . i just find it really interesting while at the same time being ... the will to power - just look at all of the examples throughout history which have shaped humanity . from alexander the great and genghis khan to hitler and some of the great american presidents , ... i generally do not like children . i find many kids to be really obnoxious and loud , which i just find very hard to handle . i don't think i want children of my own for many reasons . that said , if ... oh , yes . i have awful phone anxiety to begin with . i'm fine talking to someone in person , but phone calls are just so uncomfortable for me . i have to plan out what to say beforehand if i need to , ... as a gen z intj female with very little relationship experience , and what little i have being overwhelmingly negative , i will give you my insight . if i am interested in someone , i am generally ... i would give myself a 7/10 . i like a wide variety of foods , but not a lot of the ' normal ' stuff . i hate cheese with a passion , i also dislike yogurt , sour cream , white bread ( i only eat wheat bread ) , ... last winter , i started dating a guy i had met through a mutual friend . we dated for a couple weeks before i realized that he knew nothing about me and only liked the idea of me . i broke up with him ... you should really apologize . should i be worried about you ? you scare me . can you explain it again ? if you saw me at ___ , why didn't you come say hi ? i suppose this isn't just about one-sided friendships , it can be about any kind of dysfunctional relationship the rest of you intj's have , but that seemed to be a fitting title based on what i'll ... as an intj female in her teens , i can safely say that i have absolutely no interest in having children . maybe it's selfish of me ( according to others , it probably is ) , but i just cannot see myself ... i'm actually surprisingly affectionate with my cat . i've had her for the majority of my life and we are very close . anyone who saw me with her would probably never guess i have any problem with ... i struggle with this as well . my family has good intentions when touching me , but they still know that i don't like being touched . one time , i was out with my parents and we were standing around ... 81088 this giant , tropical bat is somewhere in between evil and cute . i can read cursive writing and i know some of the basics of it , but it was only taught in elementary school where i live . hence why the most difficult part of sats is writing the statement about how ... oh , i never saw that ! thanks . what kind of handwriting do the rest of you intjs have ? mine is messy . always has been and always will be , since i don't think it's worth my time to correct something like that . i'm a generally ... eyesopen - wow , i can understand why you snapped . that's incredibly annoying and certainly does not prove any point except for your roommate being an ass , at least in that situation . i won't get into the jungian type language , as i'm not as well-versed in it either . but as a t female , i know that i definitely do lack empathy . thinking back to interactions since i was a very young ... what are some things that trigger / irritate you ? i know i have a great many . sorry if this is already a topic ; i couldn't find anything like it in a quick look around . the sound of chewing , ... '