i used to care .. but now i have resigned to the fact that the boulder is already rolling and there isn't much we can do about it . collectively the entire planet would have to agree to save the ... exceedingly gay infp here , reporting for duty . i find it strange to think that irregardless of whether we take action or not , a change will eventually arrive - for better or for worse . i suppose it is why people talk about taking life by the ... why is it that ' be positive ' can seem like such an idiotic stance to take on the world , whilst , being bitter and cynical can be so attractive ? there are so many situations in life that could have ... i think one of our problems is that we prefer to think about things , rather than take action . this is in fact , becoming a really big problem in my life . i have stuck myself in a job that i hate , yet ... i feel so frustrated . i told somebody how i was feeling today and they replied with ' snap out of it ! ! ! ' . well maybe don't ask people how they are feeling if you don't want to hear the truth . ... i just walked out of my job , literally . i'm feeling rather terrified now .. but hopefully the terror will be the driving force to finding another one as soon as possible . it was probably a stupid , ... i had a child . his name was arthur . i neglected him , so he got taken away from me by child protection . he is now 24 years of age and still residing with his foster parent . he is not a kind man ; ... the man i'm dating has accused me of not caring about him , because i didn't wish him happy birthday . i don't care for him and i don't care that it was his birthday . and the cold fact has disturbed ... my compass of desire points in a bad direction . it points me to a place where i know that the happiness will only be superfluous when i get there . it will cause some definite turmoil and ... probably ... whenever i sit down and think about consequence , a very ugly can of worms is opened . i wonder how detrimental my ignorance of this can of worms will be to my future .. but not just to my future , to ... something that i struggle with as a gay person , is when i look at a man with qualities i find attractive - i don't know whether i want him or whether i want to be him . do or can straight people ... i am often acutely aware when something isn't good for me . it might not be obvious from the outset , but my gut just says ' it won't make you happy in the end ' . as much as my gut can squirm around in ... i did a really stupid thing yesterday . i was feeling really depressed and hopeless ... and because i was feeling depressed and hopeless , i didn't take my medicine - on purpose . i don't know what ... animal crossing ... it soothes me and reminds me that i'm just a simple , wandering fool in all my small bubble of existence . :-) so something very stressful happened to me when i was walking my dog this evening . we were walking on a fenced off , muddy little path off the side of a big empty field . it was cold , completely ... stay up late . diarrhoea or constipation - for the rest of your life ? stay up late . diarrhoea or constipation - for the rest of your life ? i'm back . gosh , it must have been well over a year since i was last here . how things have changed . my life has been spun a full 360 degrees . i like to believe i gave the wheel the initial push .. but ... i know its a silly and some what ironic question , since no matter what - we just simply always ' are ' . the question stemmed from seeing a friend who i haven't seen for a while . she reminds me of a ... yes , yes and yes . i felt physically sick after speaking from my father on the phone today . i put the phone down and then blooded to my head . my body reacts as if i have suddenly been burnt and all i ... i really , really hate the expression ' storm in a teacup ' - but its the perfect metaphor for my brain today . my mind is the tea cup . cutting up mushrooms to make a soup , i suddenly froze and ... i am so terribly anxious i feel like i could actually die . burning forehead , sweating ... tonight i'm meeting somebody i swore i would never see again . grr . i am taking really small steps this year . they are so tiny but very slowly i'm chipping away at recovering . for example - yes , i'm still behaving like a raging sex addict and playing various ... i deserved that . update : the sex was fine . i haven't had sex without drugs for a long time - so it felt extremely grounded and i had to rely on my mind to relax my body . like everything in my life , the anticipation ... just to snow ball on my last post and prove that i am the epitome of gay stereotype - i'm going to take a quote from bridesmaids about how i feel at this second : ' ' i think you'd just feel better ... its nice to know that i'm not the only one who gets anxious before sex ... but if i were to be drunk every time ? i'd have to get drunk once a week . haha . i wish the brain were like a computer and you ... flight and fight response sucks if you're an anxious gay man , about to have sex . since taking anti-depressants , my flight and fight response is less frequent ... but when it is there , the anxiety ... i want to recover but some times i'm not sure what i'm recovering from . does that make any sense ? i some times can't tell the difference between living recklessly and having a suicidal ideation . ... i love watching the internet blow up . especially when you're sitting on the side , watching the commotion and not knowing what to think . maybe sitting on the fence isn't a place of conviction , but i'm ... one day , i want to be able to buy simple things without having to spend hours analysing . ' ' okay , so if i buy this book ... that means i won't have enough money to get on the train for a week ... i was really bored earlier , so i decided to sign up to pottermore . why not ? i wanted to know what house the sorting hat would put me in . one of the questions in the assessment really irked me ... aww , what a lovely thing to say :-D thank you so much . i'm glad that i have returned with a much better mind set . i felt so horrible and dull when i came here to inject my angst . so thank you . it ... let us know how it goes . i love anything to do with piercings , having four myself . might i just say - i expect you'll find that the anticipation of getting your industrial piercing will be much worse ... something that really irritates me about being alive today , is the fact that it is so difficult to cut dangerous people from your life ! i'm not a very strong person in certain respects - for ... about two weeks ago , i was preparing to walk out into the cold , wet english winter when it occurred to me how much i detest my coat . obligated to wear it , to keep warm - it is essentially a ... i have trained myself to respond to sincere complements with a good , simple , slightly cold ' ' thank you ' ' . i become very awkward and peculiar when i am being complemented , especially if the complement ... i don't like cats but cat's like me . its a horrible life . i tend to feel that cats are manipulative , selfish , hedonists which are generally over rated . my dog however ? i love how robust , playful , ... i'm back ! i took an accidental break from the internet , after i broke my computer by accident and i destroyed my phone ( which was definitely not an accident ) . on my break i read a tonne of books ; my ... i broke and i said to my brothers , ' can you stop talking so loudly , i'm trying to sleep ' . they were like ... just shut the door ( as in , fully shut it ) my door isn't made of solid wood . it ... no , you sound like a genius . i think that is part of the reason why new year's eve can just leave us feeling confused and alienated , we know what we are ' ' supposed ' ' to be feeling - but we don't feel ... i think i'd rather go to the dentist than a noisy night club too , at least with the dentist you can have some one on one intimacy before he plucks your teeth out . :-) what i really meant to say ... i'd be curious to know what other infp's think about new year's eve and whether or not they celebrate . personally , i tend to feel a little sad on new year's because i feel like i'm missing out on ... i keep having this recurring thought this week , that i'm both a child and a abusive parent . i need to call social services and have myself taken away from myself . man , being 23 is not fun . i feel ... when i first read the title of the thread , i thought you meant actual , physical door slamming - which is something i do a lot when i'm angry . i thought ' what , that's an infp thing ? ! ' and rushed over ... for some reason , the word ' worst ' brings to mind some really mean and unnecessary connotations . this thread isn't one i'm particularly enjoying . i don't think its about who is the worst but who is ... the title of your thread caught my eye and i clicked on it in a heart beat . a few years ago , i think i used to behave in a similar way to your sister and even today , there are occasions where i might ... i want to know why i feel like a better person when i am a clean person . there is that old adage ' cleanliness is next to godliness ' , which reminds me of my religious upbringing as a closeted ... last night i had a dream that i was building a tiny little home out of mud . it consisted of one room and the whole structure was a small , perfectly shaped little dome . inside , there was just enough ...