' my god ... this is a text wall . i'm sorry guys . skim if you must . lol i was in a brief relationship with who i honestly believe was an intj . we had two great initial dates . he had me meet his ... my god ... this is a text wall . i'm sorry guys . skim if you must . lol i was in a brief relationship with who i honestly believe was an intj . we had two great initial dates . he had me meet his ... well , as a background story , i have recently ended a nearly year long relationship that was just not right . i realized one day that i was not in love with him ... and that likely wasn't going to ... i have been with my current boyfriend for 10 and a half months . the first 4 months i think we honestly rushed getting into a relationship which amounted to him guarding his space quite frequently ... hey i think you are right about this , it sounds like his inner mentality , if i had to think of what was his mentality . the same things are starting to repeat again and i don't know what i should say ... you know what , i think you are right . it feels like we've gotten a lot closer and i told him about all of these silly ideas i had been having and he more than reassured me that i was wrong and that ... well practically the day after this post , i saw him on both of my days off , which was nice and it was at his suggestion so i felt like everything was great . i worked three days and then went to the ... i have thought about this readiness factor before ... i just am kind of caught up in wondering why when we first started talking he had a million things to say , was calling me every night to chat for ... i'm pretty sure the guy i'm dating is an isfp ... he's your typical introverted artist . before he met me , he said he did nothing but spend time by himself or with his family . so basically no ... hey guys , sorry to interrupt . promise this won't be too lengthy but i'm feeling down in the dumps again and feel you guys could give me another good kick in the pants ... in an attempt to gain more ... softboiledlife , i don't know why i'm so uncomfortable with it . i guess its because i don't feel like it will change anything ... also , niss , i read through your article and saw the signs . i've been ... i don't know why i keep going back to someone who continuously jerks me around , almost for fun , it seems . i have had abusive relationships before , guys who were narcississtic , who had anger problems , ... so things just took a very unexpected turn ... i didn't even expect that he would do this ... maybe he really doesn't care about me at all . i saw him a second time and things almost turned kind of ... you guys present a pretty good point . i don't understand why he isn't in love with me when i've been his one-woman support system from day one and i clearly love him a lot . i also feel i have been ... yes you did mention it ... it was just strange hearing it from him when i couldn't get a word out of him admitting his bad state . so you agree that i should just leave him behind ? is there a specific ... pinkrasputin , you definitely have it so right because you seem like you honestly , truly understand . i have to understand the whole of what happened to gain closure and to put it behind me . sounds ... i was the one who said , towards the end of our discussion after the kiss you know we can't get back together , that'd just be stupid because you're leaving . he said he understood that , although i'm ... alright then but i did not kiss him , he kissed me . i did not offer anything to him . i asked him several times during the course of our relationship if he was into me and he said yes . why does this ... hey all , i wrote on here before a couple of months ago . i did end up breaking it off with the guy who told me he didn't love me after 9 months of being together , in which i put up with a lot and ... you all are very , very right . this relationship is unhealthy for me and i did nothing , no matter what he says to try and blame me , to deserve this kind of absentminded , snippy treatment from him . not ... not to interrupt this thread too much but hey everybody , i've already posted in this thread before and i'm back again ... sadly , because of some big explosions in my relationship . i have been dating ... i can't tell if he's n or s either hahaha that's my big dilemma really ... i would say he's not as crazy or impulsive as an istp but he is artsy , has sort of a wild streak ... just not enough of one ... i am trying to decide whether or not my so is an istj or istp and i was just wondering if any of you peeps could give me a rundown on the differences you often see between the two ? for instance ... i think that's what made me so apt to spend ... just knowing i had an excess of money for once in my life and it's true , you feel guilty because you know you're doing it to make you happy but at the ... i try to justify mine , too . like oh , i needed that new purse because ... well hmm ... just because ... i wanted it ? lol i mean i have my practical things i spend money on like jeans or sweaters because ... i always took pride in myself when i was younger that i wouldn't repeat the cycles so many others have through acquiring hefty debts through credit cards . by my 18th birthday and the arrival of my ... so would you think that the issues stem from the lack of feeling like we have freedom ( well really , that he himself doesn't realize he does ) ? i know this is a big transition with all of this ... i don't know about how well he did in high school ... but i do know two things he is passionate about . those two things would be photography and film . he wants to go to graduate school for film ... hello , somebody directed me here to ask a question about the situation with my boyfriend . it's a pretty tough one and i'm not sure how to handle it because i've frankly never been in a situation like ... also , i realize this definitely seems like the definition of a codependent relationship in which i keep trying to help and hurry things along but he can't keep up with me because he has so much going ... honestly , i think that i am being influenced to judge him very harshly by family and friends surrounding me who do not understand the whole situation between him and his parents . they say why isn't ... i believe his father has scarred him or programmed him to be one way while maintaining an unforgiving authority over him . his father has a strong military background and i believe his upbringing is ... his dad is putting restrictions on him because of his grades . my boyfriend has struggled in college and actually flunked out of a pricy private local college and now goes to a community college . my ... hey everybody , i've already inquired about my relationship to the istp crowd but they were not very receptive . i've been with my boyfriend for about 7 months . during this time our relationship has ... alright , i know i need to , like i said , i am not a stable person and that was the mentally sick me coming out . he doesn't know that i am mentally dysfunctional . i don't even know what's wrong with ... i want to trust him , i do , okay ? i love him a lot . i'll admit , i'm not a stable person . i have depression and i struggle every day . i struggle to like myself and to be confident . maybe it is my ... alright here , while i get attacked by everyone who thinks i'm crazy and insecure ... i still do not think there is a reason for them to be there . period . and also , the locking i meant as in they were ... why exactly do you say that ? do you think it's me or him ? i have a feeling this is gonna be a novel ... i've posted previously on some misunderstandings my boyfriend and i have , that were doing better as of late , but something new and unexpected has cropped ... i know exactly what you're saying . it is so bizarre feeling , even to me ... like you can't control it when it just shifts ? it is always the case for me when some debbie downer says something rude or ... i love my happy music , maybe i need to start executing that in one of my crazier times ! they come and they go for me so i guess it is normal but i wish so badly that they didn't happen to me so ... dear person 1 : i think you are disgusting . you claim that we're best friends , even sisters . you think you know everything when you're so immature and have lived less years than i have ... and it ... hello everybody , just had a messed up night last night ... i was just sitting in the kitchen when my other stepsiblings announced they were hungry so we were offered the chance by my stepdad to order ... i have moderate depression but i have contemplated my death many times . i don't intend to follow through ... i have a problem of loneliness and i depend on relationships to make me happy and when they ... i've been going through the same thing myself ! i will just go about in my head and bash myself for anything and everything i perceive to be a flaw . i also have good days , too . days where i feel ... hahahaha slippery ... i think the article i read referred to female sexuality as being more fluid which i think is akin to being slippery so i'd say you're right about that , after all a ... oh geez , glad to know i'm not alone on this one ! i always felt so weird about it ! like i was a huge freak ! lol some things in life just don't make sense and i'd say this is definitely a case of that ... hmm ... my infp confessions ... i have a few . so ssshhh , don't tell ! 1 ) i am vain . i want to look good all the time , i look in the mirror way too often . yet i am also critical of myself for many ... i really need to , and i need to get busier ! how did you do it ? there is one thing he's been doing that drives me absolutely nuts right about now ... he called me like once a day when my phone number ... i'd say that's my biggest issue ... i just let my worst thoughts get the best of me . he doesn't see me for like a week sometimes and i see him again and everything will be just fine . so i know it's ... '