' it would seem this person is posting this in several different type threads . i count at least 7 of the same post . just literally copy ... you misunderstand . i came wanting others to do my laundry for me . also holy necromancy that was an old post weird they chose that for enfp instead of something like did this once reckon i can do this again istp isfp estp check your bank accounts i think technology is moving too fast for the bunch of misfits that is congress thank you for the swift replies ladies i shall use which technique best applies best to the upcoming situation too tired to flog you with details : sad : you internet strangers should know everything ! : angry : no wait that's google : frustrating : the bold what do you mean only when you want to ? she does ... oui it stinks in here ( hows that for a thread preview ? get you all fired up ? ) okay i'm used to the smell now might need editing as i wrote this late at night but its only because i was blown ... how this this thread die ?  this is my thread where the points don't matter and questions are made up feel free to ask the one and only pete the lich any thing your heart desires ! and i shall answer it to the best of my ... let me put it this way there is a reason threads are left open and don't automatically close after x amount of time from the last post and it's better to have one old thread instead of 172 split ... id rather an old thread be reincarnated than i looked and found this thread * le post link * but it was a while ago so i will just go ahead and ask again that to me is more annoying to add to this post i would like to say people with unhealthy use of ti are more likely to succumb to depression than other functions i'll just leave this here ... successful hit we are voting on snacks for the soccer game you want pudding i want apple sauce i vote to get some of both you want all pudding and will not go to the game if everyone doesn't vote pudding not until gop obstructionism comes to an end i should say all obstructionism also not when the wealth distribution looks like this either wait for the google nexus 5 or get the galaxy s4 i use my galaxy s4 for video watching on break / lunch at work and the 1080p 5 inch screen is pretty spectacular and not to mention the ... intps are the least likely to believe in a diety ti aint got time for dat sj types tend to lean more towards traditions which may or may not be a religion * cough * usethecognativefunctions * cough * * cough * cough * mbtiisforgettingpeoplehookedonsomethingsimple * cough * cough * i need a glass of water every scary movie director should play amnesia the dark decent then clean their pants take some aspirin for their headache and eat some marshmallows for their sore throat and proceed to make a ... mmmh probably robots yeah definitely robots logged on and i had one new notification this a million times this everyday i try to improve their terrible methods nope we do it this was because it's best practice when you live in the mid west and it reaches a scorching 90 degrees in early may ice cream is always good : bored : i would text you and say do you want to get some ice cream ? but that would be a text : sad : do canadians ever say i'm bored out of my tree  the guy's name is the trollmaster can we stop now ? our jails are compeletely jampacked we should make it a crime to sit on the sidewalk  i dont think an intj female would yield to anyone if two intjs crossed paths i imagine that it would be a big clash in fact i think the intj male would yield to the intj female that's the beauty of it arieslilith gives bad advice do not wear a blouse that would be a strange first impression : tongue : ( i know you meant shirt don't hate me : bored : ) just wear whatever you feel like as long as it ... the great thing about being a programmer is you do not have to work slow and steady you can make huge bursts then relax for a while you are you try to work in a way that fits best for you ... i work at target so i believe i could lend a hand are you a strapping young fellow ? are you going to be working flow team , sales floor , registers , offsite ( grocery ) , backroom ? what have you ? ... -31.3 fluoroantimonic acid it will be pounding rain probably need a corrosive resistant umbrella ... what ? intps just dont go around tooting their plans for world domination they are sud ... oh ... weather looks nice could it be aci ... rain ... plain rain ? perfectly normal rain ? ! yup better get an ... jeoffry you think you're better than me ? ehh ? ! entjs have a bloated sense of accomplishments you took out the trash good job no need to put in on your resume ( that was exceedingly mean and fe demands ... i could post all the specs but i'm laazzyyy at the moment moving furniture has exceeded my doing things quota for today is this a place for intp jokes ? screw it doing it anyway just make sure you empty your bladder before you talk to me you are not my puppy dog and i will not clean up your mess :d ry : why does ... ixfp p types are more free spirit types and besides infjs always get snatched up lickety split : angry : art comes in many forms it is not uncommon for an intp to be an artist of sorts in response to op what do you think ? '