' it's pointless to believe in nihilism . know your audience . i don't make morbid jokes ( mostly ) when my family is around . but with my friends i can get really dark . if you make a joke that don't fall into the listener's sense of humor ... if you want him to open up slightly then play a tabletop game with him . you both seem very awkward when talking to each other and it can help to have an activity going on during a discussion . ... i keep calm and use rational arguments . if that fails i trick the person into admitting how their own logic is flawed . if that doesn't work i propose meeting halfway . if that ends up nowhere ... so ... many ... emoticons ! doctor manhattan from watchmen .  if you haven't seen or read watchmen then i highly recommend doing ... i appreciate your honesty . ( phew , that was easier than i expected . )  i can second the motion by confirming that i'm not a fan of live streams either . the only things that i don't have a pause button for and tolerate are : - online multiplayer games . - a movie at ... working my way through hellblazer , one of the best comics i've ever read . i'm currently on issue 143 of 300 .  you mean kinda like this ? sorcerers also use charisma , same with bards and paladins . the key difference is where they get their powers from . taking people's personal tastes out of consideration , what class do you think they would play based on their mbti type ? the classes are : barbarian bard cleric druid fighter what you're describing is a very ne related process . while i do relate slightly because of my strong ne , i still think differently because my ti always takes priority over it . for you this is a ... 1 : very short straight blond hair combed to the side . my mother calls me a hitler youth when she thinks it's to well groomed . 2 : i recently changed barbershop to one that isn't as bloody ... i'm gonna recommend shows that others haven't mentioned so far in this thread . if you want a dark mysterious thriller / detective story , then i highly recommend monster : ( japanese or english ) ... what kind of shows do you enjoy normally ? what kind of themes and stories do you like , regardless of medium ? i have the policy to not recommend an anime , unless i know that it fits the taste of ...  i've judged from my observations that te doms generally are bad at explaining new concepts to people . an entj teaching an intp programming will be extremely difficult considering we're talking te ... mfw the chart uses colored rectangles instead of squares , which would have made it perfectly symmetrical .  it's definitely ingrained in our culture to think socially . high taxes don't seem so bad when it leads to better education , strong government welfare and free health care . it could be hard for ... i believe that theoretically a benevolent dictatorship is the best form of government . the only problem is that if there's a human on the throne then that person is easily corruptible . ... music is an expression of love . someone called for a madman ? professor stein from soul eater to the rescue ! ... in sweden there are sales in certain stores . but i don't think it's even close to being a thing yet . generally i'm against consumerism , but i did actually spend money on a black friday sale ... clearly there's only one choice . at least then you can offer to lick the mayonnaise off her naked body after the prank has been dealt . i tend to vary the way i dress . sometimes i want to feel fancy . that's when i wear a tight fit knitted sweater over a button up shirt with a purple bow tie . this is usually my work attire as a ... just played through fort frolic in my replay of bioshock . the use of tchaikovsky in the level is brilliant ! from my observations i've found that strong ne ( extroverted intuition ) users , with it as a primary or secondary function , seem to be better at and more motivated to pull pranks on others . out of ... i tend to have arguments with myself through mirrors when i'm conflicted about something . while i walk through the house i let myself hear the counterargument when i pass a mirror , as if there was ... down with the false king ! all hail britannia ! all hail emperor lelouch ! ... this is how i imagine most of you were at a younger age . that is all . if you like comedy music รก la weird al yankovic then you should check out ninja sex party : if you want some non-typical e-music then check out the ... you play ball like a girl ! my version of meditation is sitting down in a relaxed position while listening to a whole pink floyd album : that usually relaxes my ti a bit . the emperor did not have the same geass as lelouch . the emperor had the ability to rewrite people's memories ( lelouch's memory , nunally's , all of their friends ' and a bunch of nobles ' ) while lelouch ... the geass power isn't entirely based on a person's wish / needs though . if that was the case what would mao's be based on ? or the emperor's ? only cc and lelouch sort of fit into that category . ... it would smell really bad in just a few days and attract flies . so i'd recommend finding other means of interior decoration . depends if you can dislodge it from the base of your skull . and you sound like someone who's confusing analytics with venting . ever heard of a thing called generalization ? you might need a healthy ... '