' i am reading feed by matthew tobin anderson and quiet by susan cain . welcome , from another infj . i would love to have another infj to discuss the big things with . let me know if you ever want to talk ! meretricious : of or relating to a prostitute , having the nature of prostitution . solipsism : extreme form of skepticism which denies the possibility of any knowledge other than of one's own existence . dottywine : thank you ! those are great suggestions . i don't know how you have time for all of that , but i guess that's part of the problem - i don't prioritize me well enough . a hot stone massage ... just after dusk , i stopped beside a lake on my way home from dinner . the bullfrogs were unbelievably loud and the entire swamp was twinkling with fireflies . it was awesome . i like both of these ideas . i recently downloaded an app that is a gratitude journal and i am hoping that it will help me be better about focusing on the positive . baths are great , too . especially ... i'm not into role playing , but thanks for the suggestions ! i'm working on stress relief and trying to think of things i can remind myself to do everyday . i walk daily , but that's about it . what do you all do ? i am making questionable decisions for myself and pondering making more . i don't really have pms that manifests itself in being angry or vicious but there will be a day or two before i get my period that i will be hypersensitive and much more likely to cry . i wonder if a ... ooooh , great one ! i love the intense emotional connections between infjs that i have and have had , but my experiences have been that nfs are really great with the same types of communication and emotional nurturing ... i definitely agree with all the posts about the angry look . i have found that i am told i look angry when i am either very focused on something or am thinking through something that i find very ... i'm in central minnesota , u . s . a . would you consider teaching ? academia is a common place to find nts . teaching would also allow you to be involved in your field while still being able to afford extravagant things such as food and ... i am an infj who is more reserved than shy . welcome ! as a fellow infj , i welcome you ! i did not know gallimaufry ! i love bungalows - i am in the midwest u . s . and there are many of them here . i did have to remind myself what ersatz was , too , though i think i used it in a poem once a ... i agree with some of the other things i've seen posted in that you will see follow-through more in a mature infj than an immature one but i think this might be more a manifestation of the change , ... exerio , that is a great word ! and a new one to me . really can't go wrong with cookie , either . i searched and didn't find a thread like this . if i'm blind , feel free to delete it and slap my hand . i just had to share this word i just learned . baculum . look it up . eta : please add your ... i am constantly asking questions to learn about the world around me , the people it consists of , how those people relate ( d ) to the world around them , how their perceptions are the same as or different ... i have an extremely difficult time communicating with my boyfriend ( an entp ) . i've actually never had such difficulty communicating with someone , and even when a person has been a really poor ... here is one of me taken a couple of weeks ago : 15853 i am clearly at some sort of crossroads in my life . i can't believe that it is possible that i don't have a single person irl that i am really close to . nobody with whom i physically visit , anyway ... i have kind of a phobia about things being contrived so i try not to try for a certain look by just wearing what i like . anything other than this just ends up feeling like i'm pretending . i am so sick of drama resulting from lack of accountability . i manage to prevent causing drama for others , does it really not occur to them to return the favor or are they just lazy ? i think everyone should have the legal right to abuse their body in any way they see fit . i am a very comfortable atheist . zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance by robert pirsig ; please understand me ii by david keirsey ; atlas shrugged by ayn rand ; lolita by vladimir nabokov ; the ultimate guide to getting it on by ... thanks for the suggestions , guys . harmonize , i have not looked into meetup.com . i think that it might not work as well for me to try and meet up with people physically because i am so pressed for ... for me , i would say that it would probably be closer to the given a chance to take a step closer into the circle option rather than you being chosen . shy is a funny thing for me - sometimes it ... it took me two full years to mentally prepare myself to acknowledge what should have been clear from the beginning : that my marriage , while having had many good qualities , was no longer a positive ... i confess that i am afraid of what i am capable of . i'm afraid that my full potential isn't actually very great . i'm afraid that the real reason so many things have gone wrong in my life is ... the busier i get , the more difficulty i am having meeting people . as an infj , i don't know a great many people as it is , and i don't have a lot of time to meet new people . i find myself turning to ... yes . if i worked solely off of my intuition and stopped over-thinking things , i would rarely finds myself in the kinds of dramatic and stressful situations in which i sometimes find myself . i liked ... i also find this question difficult as okay is a subjective word . okay generally ? physically ? emotionally ? i like when i am asked about my thoughts , however , as it makes me more aware of my ... thegirlcandance : he is a child of divorce . his biological parents , while i'm sure they have their own feelings about each other , have done an exemplary job at co-parenting respectfully and ... aizar , these are current messages and it is not only when i pull away that he is affectionate , but frequently , i won't be able to engage him for the life of me but then the minute i give up , he ... wow , thanks for all the insight and responses . i thought i had my reply notification on , but i guess not . i actually did not go snooping for these messages , he asked me to do something online for him ... i am an infj and have been dating an entp for about 8 months . all of that time has been a struggle for me - communication is not an easy thing . when i am open to communication and trying to engage , ... i am an infj and i am terribly complex . it's the nf . nice usage of pariah . wow , you seem like a happy fellow . cheer up ! i test either infj or infp . you're among friends here . i'm back and forth between infj and infp . welcome ! hello , and welcome ! good luck ! hope it does the trick . i once had this same problem . i just kind of dealt with it for months , growing ( quietly ) more and more frustrated and freaked out about it . finally , i thought to mention it to a friend and the next ... sorry about your plight . hang in there . welcome to the forum . '