' wolf as well . :) 1.lord elgin's ( partially intact ) greek sculptures ( british museum ): british museum : greek sculpture by robby - dpchallenge 2.starry night-vincent van gogh : the starry night - wikipedia , the free ... razef hope you feel better soon mate . warning : 1 ) wears her heart on her sleeve , even if she doesn't want to 2 ) is highly proud and stubborn 3 ) and will do anything to protect the people she loves hug for a hug , anyone ? no worries mate . i subscribe to the theory of organized chaos when it comes to my personal spaces . hugs for all . courtesy of the upper body cripple : retrovortex can i take advantage of that offer still ? alas ... the image should be able to be seen now . ( it was mufasa hugging rafiki ) . happy spring break hug for all : ( going old school with lion king ) thread revival / jill's procrastination : hope everybody is well . * sad face * it was a bleach image ( an anime ) of character hugging the manifestation of his sword . i'm kind of an otaku . thanks guys . it was just one of those days where i got stuck in my own head . enfj experiencing emotional meta-crisis . can i have a hug ? too much reading and research to do . perchance could i have a hug ? oh , and hello everybody ... i rediscovered george watsky .  hugs for all . happy holidays ! another good thread is in the infp forum : :) i'm glad you are feeling better . with my humanities background at university i come at it from a more ... creative perspective . i believe that math can be made more accessible and intriguing to kids if it were treated like a language ... twitchdelabrat  lemxn dreamwaves positive :D uty bound ( hard working and driven ) , generally amicable , strong willed ( a positive spin on my stubbornness ) , conscientious and empathetic toward others , and intelligent negative : stubborn ... i agree completely . i always have to have some kind of minimalist noise going on in the background . 1 . my overarching philosophy in life is , to quote kurt vonnegut , to stand as close to the edge as i can without going over . out on the edge you see all the kinds of things you can't see from the ... week hug offer . :) tired jill would like to submit a picture of a cute sleepy dog for your approval . :) no worries mate . ( random pokemon image for the fun of it . :p ) i'd have to say the power of telepathy would be pretty sweet . hope your day gets better retrovortex . ( ya know what sucks about being an nf-you feel things so intensely , especially if you are an extrovert ) anyways , nice conversation between yourself and retrovortex . you guys have funny ... super stressed out . just turned in term paper for final exam week late , short 2 pages . kind of having a mini-anxiety attack right now . metaphorical hug please . and a cute animal hug for you william i amhttp :/ / ts4.mm.bing.net/th?id=H.4960830134551999&pid=15.1 ( sorry for the double post guys . ) post work hug for you miya . :) i'm of the opinion that an enfj's idea of recharging / alone time includes controlled chaos . such chaos may seem disordered and contradictory to outsiders , but to enfj's being able to isolate and ... random term paper break , hug for all comers ( letting my inner nerd show ): pjay thanks . * sheepishly averts eyes * sorry for whining . that was immature of me . enfj out . you know what sucks , when your leg decides it sucks at being a leg ... again and won't let you bare weight on it . this freaking semester is ... a challenge to put it nicely.sorry for the rant . uttermess that puppy cat image is so adorable . i'm a dog person . , , : it is my belief that shame to ask for help is a common challenge to ... from my personal experience , enfj's will help / support others until they are blue in the face , but not know how to / feel too proud to ask for help / support themselves . i'm listening to the ben howard slacker radio , but this song more specifically : bump ( i figured this thread needed some more exposure . it died again . ) :) anyway . have a good one all . enfj out . with me , i am still developing a better method of handling potential conflicts . in this case , i consider dealing with clingy people a sensitive topic that has the potential to lead to negative ... honestly i suck at setting boundaries with clingy people . i'm too passive aggressive about it . i kind of just start being less receptive / non-descript with my replies and hope that they get the hint ... you bring up a good point . i would have to say that , yes , empathy can be experienced on all points in the emotional continuum . it all depends on the cultural environment individuals are in and ... '