' my childhood was happy and filled with friends . as i grew up , i became distant and depressed . im getting better now . im actively trying to be less anti-social . my dad was drunk and a gambler , so my parents fought all the time . and my mom wanted me to be a cheerleader and do all these sports and be more social and it didnt want it and it was really stressful ... 1 . ) im 19 and moved 16 hours away from my parents 2 . ) not a virgin 3 . ) got plenty of friends , but sometimes feel down that i can't be as close with friends as other people seem to be . 4 . ) i love ... i have friends , we take pictures , we smile in them . i have taken pictures of myself , where i smile , but thats just what i've grown up with , its normal to me . theres no story behind it.you may not do ... i love this , i now think im your biggest fan : laughing : just cant stop the way you feel , no matter how bad you want to . but still i always try . bwaa ? i dont take it seriously at all , i was asking because i have a hard time understanding you by the way you word things sometimes . i care about opinions , because what makes you say im ... what do you mean i look like one . im not extroverted at all unless im trying . too much work for me . and i think i probably have a little feeler in me . occasionally . but not usually . i just dont deal ... my emotions make me act differently . i dont admit to emotions but they certainly get in the way of my thinking . it makes me look like a fool ! i cant get my thoughts in order and nothing i say makes ... and i think alot of us are really emotional . we just dont show it or think we are crazy for having the emotions , so we suppress them . i dont know . hm . i just know my emotions tend to come ... i like projects ! i get stoked on starting projects .. i just get over them very quickly .. i lose interest or find something more exciting haha ooh yeah u cant wait for it , it just sort of happens slowly . some people aren't even e , some just kick back and chill out . what ? who is they ? i have no clue what you are talking about . ive gotten pretty drunk and typed , and im never that bad at typing mr skycloud up there . it bothers me when people flaunt their drunkenness . - . - i love the fuzzy mode too skyline . i really hate ... hey you guys are all type 5 enneagrams ! nice im terrified of getting hurt . im terrified of telling someone how i feel about them , when that feeling comes around . could be offensive , but im cool with it :D . i know were not only intp . there are diff life experiences and conditions for each intp . but we can all relate on the way we pursue things etc skyline : i love drinking cause i love that my inhibitions go away and i just let loose and have fun ! im an e when drunk hahah yeah ! its funny that people can be placed into 16 groups and have the same thinking patterns for the most part . i love it ! i've never had someone so like me to talk to its so exciting :D * enjoys * ... now that you've explained a little more , wolf , i can see what you mean a little better . i see you've thought it out and i know that i am vulnerable to this happening to me as well . i think all intps ... the thing with the men we're currently calling ' nerds ' are that they're too much like me i think . in a different way .. i don't like talking about comics and stuff , just life / philosophy stuff . except ... i have this exact issue ! ! ive gone throuh so many girl-friends . it just fizzles out . like i can't keep connected because i don't know how to conversate with them . they have nothing to talk about that ... the thing is , wolf , if she sees you like that , she wont bother giving a second glance . when people look for partners , theyre looking for someone strong , and who can handle bad breakups and stress ... i agree with all of that , but i def havent had the experience you had with relationships and emotions . youre not being very logical for an intp sirrr ! you will have those feelings again , it'd be ... i've quit drinking because it tends to distract me from my goals and ambitions . too much living in the present , not enough dreaming and creative energy going on . :D but dang i love drinking .. ): when i get drunk i'm very witty . i crack jokes at everyone . i'm also very free-spirited and up for anything . like i'll be the first one to say let's go rope swinging in october . mostly i sit back and ... this got off topic real quick . cerealously . just kidding . ;D i dont connect well with girls either . at all . 90 percent of my friends are male . ( for the same reason as you . most of my guy friends have expressed interest in me at some point in time ) the girl ... i did that actually :D haha i had to go to a diff . hs my senior year . it was terrible not knowing anyone and everyone was all psyched up to graduate . i spent all my time in the art room drawing ... i just moved to tennessee from nh and i am very lonely and have no friends here . yes an intp is lonely . haha . gaww cute ;D thats the worst attitude of all time ! dont tell her you like her . make her like you . knowing another language would be nice . but only because i want to be an anthropologist . the rest is worthless to me . there are other things worth knowing . aspen it is xoxox . i do that ! ! so often . i hate doing it . so much . its an awful awful habit for me . i try to be completely away from myself so i can be someone with no ties to myself looking in at my life . yep ... oh dont let my post fool you . i dont think ive ever honestly told anyone my emotions . i always break up with boys because i dont trust them enough to tell them my emotions . i just dont want to . i ... oh thank you trope ive seen it in action now . i'm satisfied . just find it odd that it says thanked 6x in 3 posts under my name . also i've been here before . me personally at my job i need to be outgoing and i put on a front . i can be fun and social at work because it is work and i need to be there . i like to be like that ... i'm not boring . i think we're judged usually as mysterious , and mystery is sexy . i'm the most adventurous person i know . and i am very creative and original . so pah . and whoever started this thread , ... what is the thanks button for ? intp's dont judge hunnie ;D haha incredible ! ! ! i feel the exact same way as the girl who started this thread . i hide my emotions and they rarely come out for anyone even boyfriends . ( who often think im tough as nails and have no ... they're both rare . i think it is all just by chance . but hey wouldn't be an int if we werent splitting hairs right ? heh . and i think its a veryyy good point that we , as int women , do need to tame ... if intps ruled the world it'd be chaos haha . we think too much . we think in circles . we are in wonderland , but we should not be in charge of wonderland . i think being an intp girl is really depressing . or at least it has been in the past . it's better now . but it's just hard . i think it's worth it because i know im not like everyone else and thaaats a ... man i spelled interested wrong multiple times . haha i dont know if nerds know anything about me anyway . i was pretty to myself in hs so i didn't talk to much about my theories and thoughts unless ... i sometimes get intj when i take the quiz , so im on the line between intj and intp . i think that intj / p women are rare because most girls end up getting sucked into aesthetic lifestyles . girls are ... herrres th , thing . girls do want guys that care for them . i do . i personally dont go looking . i wait to be approached . and i will be very impressed if a guy is brave enough to come sweep me off my ... whats wrong with being an intp female ? i'm one . i get along pretty welll . : wink : also . how do i get my picture to show up . its on my profile but not like .. here . i agree . i can be uptight but really easy going.im very back and forth . hate it . '