' ! my dad might also suffer from ptsd , know when i think of it ! he is a refugee from a civil war , but he always looked normal to me , so i didn't think of it . woaw . know i just feel bad for not ... my mother was emotionally unavailable and left me at a young age . i have always wondered and dreamed if she ever cared about me or not . my father was verbally abusive and retarded , and i feel ... i was an enfj as kid , had some awful parents and friends , got the diagnosis borderline , and now i'm an infj . so i guess it's indeed possible to be forced to be introverted :-) sent from my ... i think these 2 factors ( besides gender and age ) , have a major impact of how we define coldness and warmness : 1 ) socioeconomic = poor or rich 2 ) culture = minority or majority as you climb ... ( we'll thank you ! it's only because it's a good thread ! ) ;-) interesting , while my male entp friend is very excited or interested in the interest of his opposite personality type ( xsfj ) , my sister ... sounds and looks beautiful , and i'm kinda diggin ' this thread ! alright , moving on . how do you feel about being a girl ? my male entp friend and i , are .. well you could call us androgynous . i ... all righty then , question number too , what is fashion to you ? what do you wear ? what is and is't important to you ? :-) sent from my iphone using tapatalk where can i find you guys ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk love them ! :-) sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm a pescetarian ! and i started yesterday ! :-D my ni told me not to eat meat ! i want people to change their perception of the world . living things eating living things .. it's reality , and i ... which do you prefer the most ? analyzing and developing your personal relationships or playing mental chess with every coworker or obstacle you meet on your way ? i see intj's as needles and ... an enfj version ;-) sent from my ipad using tapatalk i really love elsa ! i think she's an infj character :-) sent from my ipad using tapatalk it's funny i'm thinking in terms of we , when the question was about i . there's a perception difference and another reason to why i think you are an infj . i see infj's as individual consciousness ... i like disney movies too , ( especially frozen ) , i have a horrible memory too , have a constant music playing in my head and also images , i don't enjoy physical activity either , and i am always ... you are looking for something , like everyone else in this planet . but western people have it harder then everyone else , because they have the biggest need to own something . that's what buddhism ... i might have been a little rude .. sent from my iphone using tapatalk haha :p sent from my iphone using tapatalk i never made a personal attack to anyone . i expressed my feelings towards the topic of love , talked a little about my self and why i disagreed to some of what tyty said . so i don't understand why ... i didn't ask for your help , but i would love an apology ! 😊 sent from my iphone using tapatalk mr . meepers i think our formation of our cognitive functions is highly connected to our childhood . if you had a great one and had a lot of love , you would be classified as an emotionally healthy ... 1 ) the party is a forum which you don't own . so it isn't your party . and it is a open one . 2 ) the decoration is the topic love - - misused & misunderstood which you don't own either . so ... allig : i meant an universal concrete definition and not an abstract one . my point was that love can't be described 100 % in words , because it's so much more , and trying to understand it makes us ... i have a negative look on life , i know . but there is always to sides of the truth . the negative and the positive . thinking love is perfect is delusional , and thinking it's the worst thing ever is ... deleted because it was negative and unconstructive . yes i think our intuition is and is not illogical . it's were our dreams , fantasies , ideas , goals and desires comes from . sometimes we can control them , and somtimes not . just like our behaviour . ... it was a serious question and i really didn't understand what you meant , but you're free to interpret it as you like . sent from my iphone using tapatalk it could also have something to do with the fact that walt disney himself were a nf . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i don't quite understand . avoiding hurting people is bad in the long run ? it's like everyone have a good explanation or an argument to be bad or lazy these days , that it is unbeliveble .. ... i understand that being oneself is important , and it's not like i'm trying to say that people should change personality to avoid conflict . just like you are trying to make a point about having ... i just think that if you have nothing good to say then don't say anything . hurting someone should never be an option , and i would rather hurt myself than hurting someone i love . sent from my ... elsa from frozen is infj , rapunzel from tangled is infp and flynn rider is enfj sent from my ipad using tapatalk i don't know what to say .. except that i really like you ! i couldn't help but to shed some ( manly .. : cool :) tears reading your post and i really hope that you .. no .. i know that you'll find the man ... : crying : .. i feel every bit of our pain and suffering .. my father was also an estj , and reading your post made me remember things i try so hard to forget . i remember that i once was very upset in ... i recommend reading other threads about loneliness , since it's a common problem with infj's . try typing loneliness + infj on google and you'll see lots of other threads and other forums about the ... i have the same problem too ! i have no idea where i belong , and were to look , so i totally understand your loneliness .. it's funny , i'm an anime nerd too and i wonder if it's maybe related to our ... is there anybody who knows of some interesting mysteries i can look into ? like the supernatural , the paranormal , okkultisme , mythology , ancient knowledge , unsolved mysteries , spirituality , ... i just got this crazy idea today ! what if the they want to push humanity into the age of reason , by challenging institutionalized religion and changing people's morals and belifs so that they ... hahahaha ! : laughing : you know , i already understand it is the texas sharpshooter fallacy and our ni , which makes us see patterns all over the place , but it still doesn't explain a lot of things ... omg ! there's definitely something about that airport ! those paintings .. and the dedication stone .. and everything else ! maybe what's happening have nothing to do with religion , but rather about ... i think alot of what alex jones says is true , but i believe he needs a better way of comunicating . he seems crazy , but he can back everything up with his reasech . nobody have the time or the will to ... you are so absolutely right ! i have already wasted alot of time being scared and paranoid ... and missed a lot in life .. somehow i knew it , but i keep forgeting .. i guess it has something to do with me ... someone asked me why worry ? and i think it's a good question , since the topic of illuminati is beginning to be old and people don't care anymore . it's depressing and we are not going anywhere with ... tendency to interpret patterns where none actually exist ? i have thought about it , but .. i don't know .. ... i don't know if it's my ni playing tricks with me , but i see all these patterns that makes me wonder all the time and it's bugging me ! for example , why do all the famous music artist cover their ... i'm really happy to hear that ! and your observation and insight about us , are really good too ! i'm referring to , when you mentioned that we don't communicate enough , and don't make others aware of ... exactly ! it's our damn intuition ! it's both a blessing and a curse ! : crazy : i actually i got that interpretation from shakti , not you ! why do we keep misunderstand each other ? : unsure : i don't like this ! as i said before , it was because i made u200bu200bthe mistake of only catching ... you're boring do i have to hear it ? can we talk about something else ? you're wired sometimes you don't even have to say anything to offend or hurt us . just look at us with a ... you're really sweet ! thank you ! and i totally understand what you mean , i'm acctually currently focusing on developing myself and just being happy by myself , and i hope in time , just as you said , ... '