i second that . i vent for solution , not for consolation . :D i think it's the opposite for me , cause i like to talk with the person i'm interested in until and unless , i fully know him . entp-the masters of awesomeness . awesome awesome awesome none of the guys i've met till now , are impressive , though i've dated one and he was not so cool . i talk to some when i'm bored , while some are really boring . and typical immature sf logic doesn't ... now this is also like a holiday for me , though the time span differs ... ... ..  . i was close with any estp , but yes , i was close to maaany esfps , and none of them lasted for long . my ex esfp close friend left her boyfriend because she found someone more handsome and wealthy than ... ya , things have changed now though . we're the ninjas , you can't really find us always , but we can . ;) exams will end very soon . my dad belongs to the esfj group and mom is an isfp , and they get along well , probably because both are feelers . i believe life is like a roller coaster . it has got ups and downs , and yet it is awesome , and scary for the ones , who can't take the thrill . nah , batmen is for the other intjs here . this thread is like joker vs batmen . lol i've faced this too , it happens when i give too much preference to someone who actually doesn't deserve it . at first , i don't care , but when i do , the person gradually ignores me , it's sad but i've ... not that i can always live without talking also not that i can't always live without talking . so yeah , i'm an ambivert . semi-bubbly ? now that's sounds more sweet . ;) i think i use a lot of si . i won't remember where i kept my phone , but i'll definitely remember an incident which had taken place 10 years ago . yeah , i might not remember it part by part , what ... your score : 31 last time , it was 28 or something ( or maybe less ) . good improvement . fe , ftw . i've never met nfs irl . i go well with sfjs , and not sfps . father : esfj mother : isfp him --> exams are near , and yet i'm unprepared . lol very true . it's boring and irritating . i generally block those kind of posts , i'm on facebook just for interaction and most people whom i know use facebook ( only ) so that's the only and the best way ... even criticism flatter us ;D you know she is an entp when she takes your criticism as a compliment ;) well , people love seeing our reaction when they criticize us . they love it . so they come again and again and post there for more pleasure . they love us , like they hate us ;) hmm , i being an intuitive also get along with my esfj friend , even after that huge gap of ne-ti-fe-si and fe-si-ne-ti . many of her traits also doesn't at all match with the esfj description . but ... yep , i said that because you all said that you're no less than a n , at first my point was when you people know your strengths then why pay attention to what others have to say ? the more complex you ... nope . i never said that being misunderstood makes one an intuitive . that's not what i actually meant , i was talking about the problems which many intuitive face irl because of behaving in ways which ... well , you can't really blame the intuitives for calling you all that in a negative way here , cause they always get ignored and neglected by sensors in real life , and irl , sensors don't actually care ... this can be a se trait too , i've seen esfps correcting and laughing at others when they mispronounce a word or something . nope . we'll are not fishes . some of us are birds , and tigers , who have their strength in the sky and in the land . ;) these kind of threads actually look like the ' ranting threads ' lol ' sensors are detail-oriented , sensors are traditional , sensors are down to earth ' .. etc a question to the sensors , why do ... 1st : back . it's the sexiest and the most mysterious colour , kinda intrigues me . 2nd : red . i like its hotness ;) and again , it's both . though i lean more towards the first one , there i've ne sub-type . as for me , and for the most of the time , they say that when they can no more debate with me or when they know that they can't , which shows they're not worth my time . true , it's annoying but i ... all the p's . all the p's . all the j's . sag with aqua ascendant and cappy moon ;) music :) tony stark the joker captain jack sparrow well , i was kinda shy , and timid when i was a preteen , things changed when i became a teen . not that i show off confidence , but i can pretty well manage when it's required . ;) entp <3 it takes time for me to actually build a friendship with someone . there are many people who consider me as their friend , but they're just a mere acquaintance for me . i only have this one esfj whom i ... yeah , i feel the same . my sister is also an entp , so i've her , but she doesn't live with me now . so , it feels good to post here . i do get along with ns , but unfortunately , i only have one till now . yes , even though i love sleeping , i enjoy staying awake at night . it gives me some sort of superhuman energy .. this is awesome , love the way he dances . xd nope , i'm a teen and most of the guys here are actually boring , but i do flirt with the ones i find interesting at first . being in a relationship is the newest trend here . i've been in relationships ... ditto .