' istj ? or intp / j ? i'm probably totally off lol btw i would kill for the weather you're having ! so nice to hear this ! made my day :) someone told a joke at work today and it wasn't even funny . everyone but me laughed . i couldn't even fake a chuckle on that one . i also find myself agreeing with someone even if i wasn't listening ... omg me too ! i've been feeling so down on myself lately and my self confidence has gone down . i thought it could be because i'm in my first trimester of pregnancy but it just seems like too much . i ... what source is this from ? i don't agree with it . i'm an infj and a sensitive person , but i can relate to traits in both hsp and non hsp russel peters makes me laugj till i cry ! i always find reasons behind people's behavior . i know they're not acting that way on purpose or to be a bitch . criticism by far is my worst fear , or i hate being the talk of the town due to jelousy . for example at work ! i hate when people are talking shit about me behind my back . very hard to deal with ! i can 100 % relate to this . sometimes i'll feel a certain way about something but won't realise it until later , like when it builds up inside and is ready to burst . sometimes i will get stressed about ... i love how i'll think of something and then come on here and see that another infj is thinking the same thing . i got this today . a depressed / sad / alone feeling . i get this occasionally and wonder ... i thought this infj fact was so interesting i had to share it on facebook . this is so true . people will point out weaknesses in others and i will be so shocked that i didn't notice it for myself . i ... this is a joke right ? i've been doing this prank since high school , and i still do it at work a lot . tap someone on their shoulder and walk to the opposite side that you taped and look a different way and pretend you know ... i agree butter on sandwiches is gross , but i need butter on my toast if i'm also putting jam ... yum lol this post made me crack up hahhaha too funny ! i do this at work sometimes just to study the person . it's so easy to tell how they're feeling or what they're feeling about the person they're talking to , etc . i've been told by someone that he likes the way i walk . i think infjs have a very different walk . but everything us infjs do is unique :) infj totem infjs - dolphins melancholly 14 sanguine , 57 melancholy , 29 choleric , 21 phlegmatic yes but to put you through that type of embarrassment all through school is just so terrible . i hope people still don't think he was telling the truth , for your sake . you didn't deserve that <3 oh my god . did you ask him why he lied like that ? ? and he still till this day doesn't feel guilty ? ? sorry maybe this isn't my business , but this post makes me so curious and angry . so sorry to hear that . i never give myself enough credit . someone will compliment me on something like my new place , car , hair , but i always reply with well it would be better if ... i don't think i'll feel completely ... im a taurus , aquarius rising . the taurus description describes me to a t ! damn ! you're a handsome man :) 66276 haha i say this too ! i also like to scream out hottt dogg lol god im weird good idea ! i'll have to take some time and do that :) omg ! you're so lucky ! to meet another infj like that ! i can only dream of meeting another infj . although theres this guy at work who i think may be either an infj or perhaps istp . because he seems ... love this ! :) <3 he probably got offended by your joke . my istp boyfriend gets offended over everything . i can never tease him or make a joke or comment or disagree with him because he goes all princess on me . so ... of course , introverts do need socialization for energy , but too much of it does drain us out . i so would , but i'm too shy lol sounds fun though , and i love your curiosity on infjs . such a compliment :) i do the same thing . especially if i'm alone and theres people all around me . but i don't really know why i do it . now you have me thinking about it .. lol they're superficial and talk too much . she definitely is an infj who says she wrote the song ? maybe the song writer was an infj damn im good ;) you guys have to at least pretend to give a fuck . its only the right thing to do :) haha omg you guys crack me up i'm a taurus , aquarious rising my ex best friend was esfj . esfjs are known for being afriad of not being accepted by other people , etc . so maybe that's why she gets depressed when you shut her out . my esfj friend was always saying ... if i don't like someone i look the other way when i can tell they're looking at me . ignore them completely like they don't exist this happens to me a lot , it's really weird - sometimes when im with someone they will say what ? and im like i didn't say anything and they're like i could of swore you said something or i ... my isfp friend is skinny ! don't get so offended . it was a joke . lazy i'm not an istp but my boyfriend is , and we were talking about his sleeping habbits the other night , so i thought i'd comment . he says he will wake up to any little noise when hes sleeping . if the ... security , success , marriage & family . happiness , luxury my istp boyfriend really doesn't know how to talk to my 2 year old son . the only time he really talks to him is if he needs to discipline him ( in a good way ) , if he sees he is doing something that he ... '