' honestly , i can understand to an extent why your mother worries . none of those are bad things at all , but it sounds like you let them consume all of your time ( that's not criticism on my part . if ... micro-usb . works like a charm . planet-ipus complex out the wazoo here . twerk . i mean yeah . this is pretty much me . wish i could see the results . i want to know how relatively fucked up i am . i'm trying to figure out what roisl means . no . there are no intps who are bad at math . you must not be an intp . at least we're all smarter than komodo dragons . those things are fucking idiots . i use the word fancy in conversation sometimes . i'd probably end up getting myself put in an institute for schizophrenic children . if you hadn't made this thread i would have . last night i dreamed that i was in a chinese village with a bunch of clotheslines holding bags full of fire . i was with a person from school , whom i'm not even acquainted with . there were a lot of ... just run really fast . yield if they're right . you get the right-of-way if they're turning left . logic games app . there's like eleventy-billion logic games . btd 5 plague inc . ruzzle dummy defense those are the necessities . i'm not stubborn . you're just entirely fucking wrong . i prefer not to become upset or dumbfounded when i'm wrong . i just accommodate my schema and laugh at myself . i think it's more reasonable to be persuadable by logic than to be afraid of being wrong . heh ... cuz zero ... and the ... eh . perhaps the universe is our boundary . c . c . from code geass . so i could finger myself . i would be self-deprecating if i weren't such a piece of shit . i was being sarcastic . don't worry . heh . good luck finding an intp who has little to no friends . we're fuckin ' people magnets . told you . : tongue : hes right because jesus went to hell for our sins . the moons made out of rocks not blood you dumb idiot explain that : tongue : quit the caffeine , or at least quit relying on it in the mornings . quit the masturbation , or at least quit relying on it in the office . quit the self-deprecation , or at least i fucking suck . quit ... i find that an electrical shock of about 0.02 amps to a child's brain tends to stifle creativity pretty good . i don't even know why they make us go to school when they can just throw us in the ... i like to draw myself . por ejemplo : 84890 i swear i'm not a narcissist . your use of the word peeps is a dead giveaway . welcome to the club . if i were a spiritual person , then i would have both a sense of purpose and a sense of comfort . i would understand whom i was living for , and i would have security in knowing what happens after i die ... fuck , you stole mine . i like the old pokemon game music . i think that it's in many ways more complex than in the new pokemon games , despite being done all on one synth . i do agree that many people need to be introduced to their own ignorance . if i let myself have my way , i would do this all the time . if i did that , however , i'd become a person who needs to be shut ... life is like a spider . it's got eight eyes and you crush it with your shoe and its juices go everywhere icky . i fucking hate spiders . living life without emotion is kind of like eating ice for lunch . it's boring and you have to pee later . if ya know what i mean ... i was thinking of this today . if it was perfectly normal for everything to be in reverse , how would thinking and perception work ? holy shit . what if we're in reverse right now and we just don't know ... i often really wish there was an opt out option for society . working is necessary , however . as individuals we have to throw something into the community pile . we have to contribute in order to ... i'd absolutely love to lead a nomadic lifestyle for a period in my life . just fuckin walk from tennessee until i get to brazil . this is on my unrealistic bucket-list . we seem to possess an inherent ability to break away and spectate , instead of immersing ourselves in society constantly until death . obviously this isn't strictly an intp thing , but that's not what ... if she's more attractive than i am , i'll date her . this is why i don't ever get a girlfriend ! zing ! fuck my life . what's a politics ? a crazy balding 25 year old man who thinks he's a fairy . i really would like to have a lucid dream , but i can't ever break out of the torpid stupor of my subconscious mind . do you have any advice ? ( i'm 15 , if that's of any relevance . it's probably not . ) sometimes descriptions can be beautiful to read , but i never find them that necessary . i prefer to paint my own picture for things . the night sky is very interesting to me . i prefer not to because i'd scare the shit out of myself even more than i do now . i voted to share , but then i thought about myself . if i could impress the wieners off you guys first with my esoteric knowledge and wisdom , just for a few days , i would . i'm sure i'm not the only one . '