' and when you pray , you shall not be as the hypocrites are : for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets , that they may be seen of men . this is the word of the ... [ quote = ninjahitsawall ; 3707471 4 ] lol all people have to do to make me like a song is do a heavier version cover of it . ... guns of brixton - the clash , london calling 1979 : nouvelle vague does all sort of cool 80 ' s punk , new wave covers with a breathless french accent . chocolate jesus - tom waits , mule variations 1999 : a variation on the immaculate confection and with my best school boy monty python accent i ask american or european ? but the little green wheels are following me yes , gale does seem like an intp . quite , thoughtful , the esoteric taste in music , the audio equipment , the technical aptitude that boarders on a philosophical calling . he gets on with entj ( ? ) walter ... i've been taking fish oil omega 3 gels for a couple of years to help with memory . what was i talking about .. ? ah ya , fish oil helping memory is not really working out for me . crap how did i make it ... actually there is a good chance an intp would miss that . isfp = ooo intp your so fine you blow my mind , hey intp ! ! ! : love_heart :: love_heart : intp = that isfp is such a goof ball with her 80 ' s ... come on , cumberbatch is one of the best looking people on the planet . let us intps have this one . ... as with most intps i am pretty easy going . default position is detached but respectful . we can see multiple points of view . make allowances for peoples emotional state . do not believe myself to be ... to the contrary we should collectively address death as a society . not ignore our shared final journey . our last days , weeks , months should not be a choice between excruciating pain or death . the ... euthanasia should not be discussed until hospice care is universally available . namby pamby bleeding heart liberals . not wanting to hurt anybody ’ s feelings , everyone gets a @ # % ! cookie . every snowflake gets a safe place with their very own plaque . the confederacy lost . i thought ... i've had a $ 15 cup of kopi luwak . but i think i will pass on the vag beer . this is one of the best explanations of intp laziness i have ever read . we can put a lot of thought into doing nothing . its exhausting sometimes . i owned an mg in university . so yes , yes i have macgyvered . when the lucas electronics in your british roadster melt the head light switch in the dash you can burn off the paper on the foil of your ... you require more than one ? i've gone all this time without a single hula hoop . i can't help but wonder am i missing something ? some intp hula synergy ? we don't seem like hula people ? ? ? i liked mandy in dead like me . the episode where he breaks protocol as a reaper and meets his elderly dying daughter was quite touching . as it was ... i would pay to listen to kate beckinsale read the phone book even in russian . ya don't get me started on the buddhists . with their , and their .. ya , f @ $ ng ! buddhists , take that . what , why are we pissed at the buddhists ? is that a thing now ? did i miss something ? i'm still ... haven't quite faced my own mortality . but i think my sense of responsibility to care for the new short people would over ride any desire to leave some sort of biological legacy . an intp profile i ... i could use someone to take care of the s stuff . but marriage seems a bit drastic . i opened the fridge the other week and the cheese said hi . at least i think it was the cheese . it's time the ... i'm curious how did they meet ? how old are they ? esfjs don't seem to travel in the same circles as us intps . can't see them casually starting up a conversation and clicking , what would they talk ... wow an intp married to esfj . i can't imagine how that would work . is literal creationism a thing outside the us ? i understand dispensationalism is responsible for much of the common christian thought within the us . for the low low cost of several cups of coffee a day , nos 6922 telefunken vacum tubes ( or other esoteric interest ) , a library of philosophy texts ( that may or may not be read ) you too can have your ... mmehh . they said : there's too much caffeine in your bloodstream ... my first smiths album was strange ways . intps are attracted to music in a minor key . add in angst ridden poetic navel gazing you got yourself an intp long weekend sequestered at home . so that's why i'm a single male with 523 ikea tea candles . i was starting to suspect i was fabulous ? ? not there is any thing wrong with being fabulous . it would just be nice if i knew . i would tidy ... we have been known to regurgidork facts at people . with the everyday stuff i learn from it . if i can't fix a defeat it becomes irrelevant and i move on . the big stuff i obsess over . i can hold a grudge . it pisses me off that it still pisses me off ... killing time youtube'n . got sucked into the cute goofy pet video links . came across this . ... ya know you are in the intp forum ? : tongue : i agree money is freedom . money can also be a trap . many people are owned by their things . the more money the more things and the more masters you have pulling at your strings . when i was a ... i posted part of this in if you eat a pill and instantly become a fs . seems more appropriate here . infjs are good people who need other good people . the infj i knew seemed to get beat up by life ... i used to work with a guy who sucked his teeth for 20min + after slurping and lip smacking his way through lunch . : angry :: angry :: angry : yes your honor . that is when i beat the gravy sweating mr ... infjs are good people who need other good people . the infj i knew seemed to get beat up by life over the years . infjs have all the weirdness of an intp but none of the indifference . they care too ... what kind of time and effort is this mischievous thing gona cost me ? ? ohh , i have one of those . once read that intps prefer music in a minor key . on a work trip and over lunch with coworkers we were comparing taste in music . i have a extensive music collection . buddy was interested in positive ... we intp guys have a club . we meet on tuesday evening . hold my beer . tonight's power point is titled wtf was i thinking . no really intps are supposed to be one of the most intelligent personality ... a company i worked for corporate color is red . manager wanted us to all get company shirts . ehhh , no ! ... civ iv and alpha centauri were pretty good . given civ v sucked , firaxis don't be dumb'n down my civ . who let a girl into the super secret intp club house ? quick burn it with fire and sacrifice it to our god ! oh great dorkus please except this humble sacrifice along with a mib 1977 kenner star wars ... anyone who thinks an enfj is dumb is not a t who has sat back and watched an enfj work a room . i suspect we ts have an expression akin to that of a dog watching a human make fire . head cocked ... i will see your telegram sam and raise you a ziggy stardust : i do this but i don't expect the other person to be free . i'm here now if you are free to get together that would be great . if not maybe next time . i have no expectation of the other person to drop ... as per my previous post are you the sexiest person in any given room ? if yes , you are an intp . see that was easy . '