' wouldn't it be cool if we had a feature on the forum to save particular quotes ? perhaps ones that made your day , contained particularly helpful information you want to remember , or something you've ... isfp or infj istp ' v ' i've noticed that pun , flourine . as an intp 4w5 ( still questioning , but this is the combo i relate to the most ) , i also second this . hello , fallers ! this thread is dedicated to the discussion of the mbti types of the many quirky characters of gravity falls , just for fun . below i have provided a list of characters and some ... i agree , and it would be hard to cover such a broad topic into a five minute presentation . i already made the topic more specific , focusing on the cultural influences literature had ( such as how ... for my social studies class , our final project is a presentation about any topic as long as it relates to culture . so , we have to get some feedback regarding our topic from a few adults ( i . e ... i ... i believe in some sort of afterlife ! dancing pencils complete with extra squirrels whose names start with the letter s ! .. and milk cartons ! ! i'm so glad you could figure out your type ! :D even if you identify as an entp , you're always welcome to invade the intp forums with my permission xd that said , to boost your decisiveness , i have ... the competition is on , my friend . i'm going to be bohemianx ' s first customer and reader :) that image . it's officially my new signature . btw , i'm fully supporting you on becoming an author ! have you started writing any books yet ? oh , with that said , hello everyone on this thread ! ... oops , interrupting an intense discussion . oh well . speaking exclusively of the education system of the u . s . , i agree the model for the school system should be changed . not many elementary schools ... butterfly destroyer i never saw it that way . it's an interesting analysis ! i'm pretty sure my warm and fluffy-ness comes from having fj parents , though . and reasons . that said , based solely on ... festerous i'm basically obsessed with undertale music as well . still am in high school . like most of everyone here , i'm an underachiever who manages to get as for normal courses and bs for weighted effortlessly . parents say i'm wasting great potential , and ... you're welcome c : as of late , i've been anticipating for the release of pokemon go , so i decided to give ingress a try , just to see how the mechanics work . best decision ever . like you , i also ... welcome to perc , retributionist glad you could join in the party , no matter the circumstance ! out of curiosity , which games and anime do you like ? rabbit / fuzzy animals = fi somewhere above combined with unique professionalism = ntj so intj yes , yes , yes ! ! i agree ! i have seen that stereotype that fi ( xxfps ) users are super self-centered , quixotic artists , but what is really going on is fi takes internal morals and tries to express ... you are most likely an isfp like the person above stated , you show a strong preference on s than n . for instance , you prefer things to be concrete and straightforward . also you say that you ... yeah , pretty much that so i guess a good way to measure how close you are to a person is whether you can predict their actions or not . i mean , everybody thinks they know the entps but then ... i think we are unpredictable at first because we are usually private and reserved , and therefore people expect us to be always serious and quiet . so , when we suddenly start showing our true selves ... tropicalvacay you definitely seem ep ! my best guesses would be enfp or estp . soul_searching i really like your username c : just had to mention it ! ok ! let's see who will type me : 1 . i ... i've wondered about this myself , actually ! although some people suggest that there are no correlation between type and sexuality , i personally think there might be subtle connections . it has been ... ... when you do more forum stalking than posting . * this is mostly gravitated towards female intps , but it can apply to males as well are you ready for a guide on how to make friends ? worry no more , intps , this is how to make friends as an intp by ... thank you for taking your time on the answers ; it really helps us a lot . i would also listen to what other people say since one person alone isn't going to be 100 % accurate . of course , i'm no ... hm , my guess is that he's possibly an isfp then ? he seems to exhibit healthy se from what you've listed , but he also carries fi traits such as being empathetic towards animals and being good with ... wow , that's quite a reason to join . i hope we all can help you in some way . i think this website is a marvelous place to grow and learn from . c : what are your interests / hobbies ? thanks ! ! :D lol ! we'll see how long i can last without it getting too intensex 85 hello , intellectualcat ! i'm loving your username c : i must admit , i lurk around more than i post , as well … like-minded intps , we are ! more related , why you join this site ? i'm sure perc has enough of our kind ^ ^ ' but anyways , hello , thanks for clicking this thread ! i'm super happy to be a part of this community , though my join date might suggest otherwise . whoops ! ... i would have said lopunny is an xstj due to its overly cautious nature and dislike of being startled , though esfj would be my second guess ^ ^ toxicroak could either be a naughty estp or a ... '