' i've been doubting whether i door slam at all , due to a tragically bottomless supply of melancholic optimism . i feel like i get stuck at the limit of my ability to articulate / / in relation to my ... my experience probably comes most from charismatic christianity - and a little bit from mindfulness for anxiety moderation . i guess i would like to try meditation that sympathised with ni rather than si . i suppose i might even go with my friend sometime and try something challenging and unexpected ... but hey , i'm an ... thanks serotonin and miya glad to know that it's just me not ' getting it ' , but that we have different needs and goals . yes , inferior . ^ _ ^ i've spent a few days with an enfp friend who's very big into meditation . from the sound of it vipassana meditation seems very much to line up with his needs and strengths as somone with secondary ... i try ! player doesn't really exist for man-on-man . but afterwards i'm just what was the point of that ? , did that go anywhere ? , why have sex with someone who isn't that interesting ? , could ... i copied , pasted and fixed this all into a document . made two copies and put them in folders with one pen for notes and one coloured pen for highlights . and put one of each on both our parent's ... thanks - my brother and i will be compiling this for our parents . they are enfj ( mom , soft , squishy , too forgiving , empty threats ) and istp ( i think ) ( dad , soft , patient , logic is too abstract to ... we're his siblings ( not parents ) . the parents are waaay too lenient ... but to their credit , that approach worked with me . the estj wanted to be tougher , but me - infj , i get infatuated with my ... he's always displayed a life-long tendency to avoid aversive or anxiety provoking situations ( particularly during one year of home-schooling ) - his flight response is fully formed . in the previous ... i didn't mean to interrogate you :p roud : thanks for everything you've posted . the object of our love is given one of the greatest gifts we have to give - the benefit of the doubt :P well , and also our attention , which is exercised as both a practical and patient care ( fe ) , ... hmmm ? it was a recent video of his and a present issue for me . his facial typing stuff is fluff - but there's really no need to be disparaging . tell me about your si - that would be welcome input . curious . to me si seems to be the body in balance , not fazed , reserved , knowing exactly what your bodily needs and wants are , a certain sensory simplicity , modulated and regular , past focused ... i think i used to do this . i used to have such a restricted diet in terms of variety and newness . foods have such intense qualities that i often felt overwhelmed and averse to them . i still can't eat ... gotta love these responses ! infjs are so future focused the question almost doesn't make sense . i don't think it's happened for me yet either - maybe when i graduate with a phd ? ( only half ... thanks sharpest i don't see any conflict in those depictions . i love to mmm oooh about food . my two brothers with si absolutely hate it and won't let me make a sound :( ( the guy is a content producer , so i would expect him to create content . btw , he has a video emphatically rejecting all romantic advances from viewers . ) 90986 ... so guys - an thoughts related ... i'm pretty sure he's an estp - so peacocking goes right along with that territory :D . hard to hate him for being predictable . up until this video - there really wasn't any resource that gave me ... i hear you . i've found it helpful to understand a completely non-self-preservation focused si . but in life there is always correlation i suppose . i am dating someone with lead si and i have found there is no greater bafflement to my ni than this function . i read what i could find about this mystery , but it wasn't until this video that i found ... it's baffling and painful and also good . when you have money and you feel happy it leads to asking further questions - why ? why would it make me feel this way . couldn't you just imagine you had ... i have three choices . storm , or someone like her . the ability to fly around the world and stop destruction , fight deforrestation , elminate hunger , heal the ozone hole , and just work as a ... oh pumpkin , irukand ... the last thing you want to be is infj - because entp's are so special - you're like pacman after he eats that power-up ball . having the desire to be sensitive is the first ... thank you : laughing : it is actually very theraputic to read your responses . when you talk of loving animals , i can't help but feel included ... er , somehow . yes , the title of this thread was as ... there is surely a spectrum of ni . i will touch on two of the types : euphoric ni - this usually kicks in when the far distant se is active . it could be music , it could be weather , it could be the ... tormenting is him applying any set of behaviours to my dog to illicit barking , or any other frenetic display of excitement and anxiety , not typically arrived at by a normal course of action . in ... hi , i'm an infj and out of my three brothers , the one that is enfp is the only one who ever teasted , taunted or tormented my dog . tonight , our family had a small religious thing with several ... just personally , as an infj , several reasons float to the surface for me . because things cost money ( new car , new suit , new phone etc ) you can only buy so much . it can be easier sometimes to not ... hi alex , i find that the scale of immaturity -> maturity transcends most mtbi distinctions . each type has some horrid face to show if not properly maintained by one's self . i often refer to ... i do find entp lies the funniest though , there is a visionary charm to the way they can peddle deliberate falsehood to further their aims ( unlike enfp's who truly appear to believe what they say ) . ... . . . they won't be the first to let go . :p roud : this is interesting . i could see it happening to me perhaps . at the same time i don't give off a threatening enough vibe to trigger daddy issues and the co-dependency that may stem from that . i ... you're right , myjazz - it was a slippery choice of words . thank you for helping me see the obvious that dream board metaphors like caterpillars can be just as useful . my take on things isn't ... in a way as an infj i can feel quite alienated by loa and the secret type stuff . it is certainly not bad to read and consider these philosophies . when i consider all the energy you can put into ... i absolutely hate how some people can perform giant angry outbursts and then 60 seconds later go on about their merry business as if everything is now suddenly alright . it can be really hard to ... yes to the gay . i find we're quite vulnerable as infj's and the lessons of love and loss are quite agonising . nothing is truly as sexy as a man who is interested and drawn to the real you and the ... oh and just facetiously - what's with all these p's trying to resist definition and shrug off the horror of being understood by four little letters instead of the array of wonder they believe ... stereotyping would be like saying every xxx type does y , and every yyy type is a little too much z . there is no predictive validity to the mtbi , it is not used to predict behaviours or ... it's not so much stereotyping , but then again a stereotype is just an idea - a shortcut , and the whole point of these tests is to provide us with some manner of short-cuts to comprehending human ... hello :D i'm an infj with a strong s , i believe that my ni is directly followed by si in equal measure to the usual fe . as i read your thoughts , it feels to me as if i were a book - the very next ... seems like a real men are from mars , women are from venus episode : when an argument injures a man's self confidence ( his ability to be a good , understanding partner being a factor of confidence ) ... i wonder whether you other infj's get lost inside certain pleasurable sensations , and what are they ? i've just realised that i've sat here reading comments for about half an hour , slowly drinking ... hi water , and welcome to here :D i guess i agree . if we are giving in social situations does that mean that extroverts are more likely to be in the role of ' takers ' ? in an extreme case i see ... i actually rely on facebook invites for a lot of the social things i do . so i know someone's clicked my name , but it's not really as personal as if they've sent the invite to me specifically ... i can only comment about the two enfj's i know , but they're quite likely to act on some idea notion of empathy - something that fits a narrative like a wounded animal or being passed over for a ... great so we've got a few for the consistency of internal stimulation and a good and experience-able system for introverts affirm introverts , extroverts tax them . both ring true for me as does the ... it does help and it is pretty typical of me to look at a problem in reverse . i find that when i do get the chance to let other's know my findings - well i guess they act as if they are the ones ... yesterday i went to the mall alone ( it was pretty dull ) , but while i was giving into temptation and ordering a mega-choc-shake from the wendy's stand i watched this woman at the pro-active skin care ... '