' i really enjoyed reading your take on intuitive types . my closest sensor friends usually just say , you think too much . something i wanted to respond to : i find this so interesting , ... you analyze / think too much ( implying its a waste of time ) sensors can just do things . the dishes have to get done ? done ( or it seems that way to me ) . i have to actively shut off my thoughts to physically do anything , even when i want it done . if what i have ... don't necessarily take this as advice , because it might not be good . i would never , ever make the first move on a guy . not because of any gender rules , but because i prefer to be with someone who , if ... i'll just say that when i would get punished for talking back ( always the reason ) i would sit in my room all day and read , be left alone , and love every minute of it . at dinner my parents would have ... lust just sounds more adventurous than sloth : tongue : i'm sure all of these are destructive in excess , but they are part of the human experience . i'm actually surprised an infj would answer lust . lucky . sloth by a long shot - - - followed by gluttony , and throw in some wrath . i was born lazy and lack the capacity to do anything about it . i have this relationship with the friend i started this post about : happy : i have often been the person who can give her the words or help her find the words she is looking for to clarify what she is ... i was actually having a conversation with a classmate the other day , and she barely looked me in the eyes the whole time she was chatting away . i couldn't help but watch her eyeballs move around and ... very helpful , thanks . it does seem as if she is trying to get a new kind of start . i think i will point her to mbti and see if that is a source of inspiration and feeling connected . thanks iamkin and webnek . it makes sense that many of these behaviors are shared by unbalanced nfs in general . i can certainly relate . but what concerns me about her explosive behavior is that it is ... she does feel that she is too odd to be understood by almost everyone . we relate in that way , but because she an e ... well , her oddness is just more e . ( like i said before , its usually very charming ... thank you very much , seeker . i agree with your explanation of the word healthy , but it can be difficult to find the right word in this situation . your description of yourself ( good and bad ) ... i am fairly sure my friend is an enfj , but i don't know any others so i wanted to ask ... what does an unhealthy enfj look like ? her major symptom is that she seems out of touch with reality ... i have been known to take it as a personal affront when someone disagrees with me . learning about mbti has helped me with that tremendously . i used to not understand that other people could have all ... i had a similar experience in high school where i was unable to come to terms with some truly horrible qualities about the person i was dating . for some reason i was unable to let go . the whole thing ... i feel the same way when i say something funny - - which is often . some people just can't appreciate the deadpan delivery . for some reason , i have had multiple yoga instructors who were infps . something about their dispositions seem more harmless and gentle than my own . i can't say if that is because all the infps i've ... i can relate so much to parts of this . i cannot stand when my istj closes up . its just unfair . he is great in so many ways , but sometimes i feel like the worst is being drawn out of me ! i'm glad ... my best friend , dad , and boyfriend of 3 years are all istjs . i love them all , and they have some really awesome qualities . i love their ability to work hard and play hard , and our senses of humor ... i do act different with different people . i don't think anyone has ever said something to me about it , however if two people were to talk about me , i think they would be surprised they were talking ... with my istj , i can become passive-aggressive , critical , and codependent amongst other things . i'm wondering what kinds of traits other infjs have struggled with in difficult relationships and what ... i've never lost a best friend since childhood , only gained a few more :D here they are listed from oldest ( childhood ) to most recent ( 4 years ago ): istj - - we speak a different language ( stj vs ... usually when i know i am the only person that person is seeing and that we are on the same page . it took me and my last boyfriend three months . if i'm in a place in my life where i am keeping people ... my dad , best friend , and former boyfriend of several years are all istjs . they have some really great qualities . my favorite is their ability to get things done without getting wrapped up in their ... if she is infj , there is a reason . i can't read my old writing . i always feel embarrassed by it for one reason or another . i can barely read old texts . my two girlfriends who talk about sex all the time and always seem to be having it are both enfps . they are wild , funny , and full of stories . they also have a wandering eye and are not keen on ... i've been really trying to do some research about how to better relate to my esfp mom on certain issues . i love her to pieces and she is a warm , generous , affectionate mom who i look up to for so ... sorry , i really can't relate to that at all . as someone else said ... i've been called many things throughout my life , but never fake . even when i say something unexpected , i find people accept that ... sorry , i really can't relate to that at all . as someone else said ... i've been called many things throughout my life , but never fake . even when i say something unexpected , i find people accept that ... can someone recommend an enneagram test they liked ? i found the two i've tried irritating . several times i felt both of the options applied to me , and the type 2 and 4 really seem to sugarcoat a big ... also , this . many of those people though are only interested in superficial or fast friends . i'm better at accepting that its pretty cool to take your time to get to know someone . to be fair , i know i ... like others have said , being so emotional is very draining . i think it is a big part of why i am naturally low energy and lazy . the other thing is i never understand how people see me . i am often ... i don't know about relationships between types , but i would be reluctant to date someone like myself . for me , attentive is good , but not feminine or submissive . i also think infj would probably need ... i don't know any other mid-twenties infjs in real life , but now i'll be keeping an eye out . for science reasons and stuff . . very funny how we are the same type and yet mostly opposite in that regard . maybe its a gender thing . i know what you mean by feeling rage . i could be sitting completely still and quiet , but anyone near me can see and feel it too . i don't know about you , but i doubt i could make my rage sexy haha ... does anyone else experience emotions as all-consuming ? when i let myself feel rage there is nothing anyone can do . i am aware that my behavior is irrational , but i am at the mercy of the feeling . i ... if i'm shopping for clothes , i either shop alone or with one friend and at stores that are not too loud or cluttered . you could not pay me to be a part of anything black friday . i love grocery ... i need resolution . i enjoy debating and i am naturally very dominant in my opinions , but that is in many ways a way for me to bring resolution to the other person disagreeing with me . i don't create ... when i was a kid : its not what you say , its how you say it . what is the point in grounding you if you just enjoy napping and reading all day ? you seem very mature for your age . my epiphanies with discovering i am an infj have been two-fold . i had a paradigm shift when i realized people are different from me . that sounded ridiculous when i told this to one of my best ... i rejected the idea of a god from the time i was a little girl - - even before i made my first communion at age seven . the whole notion just didn't resonate with me , and i found the idea of worshipping ... even if i am confident and happy , i am still an idealist . i struggle whenever i see room for improvement and find it difficult to just be cool with all the things i'm happy and confident about the ... i went through a phase where i dealt with being uncomfortable at parties by drinking , and i always got too drunk . i've regretted every single one of those times . i still drink , and i always feel ... 1 . 15 2 . 3 . it was awful . i was so young that i felt the need to maintain a relationship with him after , and it ended up being traumatic for me . 4 . wait . if you think you've waited long enough , ... i've only ever been in love with another introvert . many people would be ( and are when they find out ) shocked that either of us are introverts . we both have our party personalities and can let loose ... '