' identity is a funny thing . lifetimes ago , teenager still , i reached a destination with a bus . people were getting out ahead of me , and out of the back pocket of the person in front of me fell money ... reckful i am actually quite versed in the science and history . three decades worth of research confirm over and over and over again that if you like data and ideas you also like people and ... no . because there's really no such thing . the meyers briggs has its uses , but it's not to define yourself . it confronts you with introspective topics , makes you think about : why yes , i do ... i need to write teenagers having a nice day , a good time , a little bonding memory , something signifying friendship , out in the countryside , and i'm pulling things from my own experiences and ... the next big religion will be crowdsourced . in whatever new sacred texts we will create we will declare ourselves gods . we will declare power and responsibility to be one and the same thing . if you ... i want to tell you the story of two people . john wants to go to albuquerque for his vacation and knows that his wife jane wants to go to massachusetts . he doesn't tell her what he wants because ... god is dead , said a man once . stripped of its context and used as a punchline the meaning of his words have been lost over time to a great many . nietzsche didn't mean that there was a literal god and ... ha ! maybe unless they actually are . i had a mental breakdown once . worst best thing , or best worst thing , something along those lines . terrible , terrible experience that did me a lot of good . but i've talked about it before . i don't ... i'm reading some history texts right now about the foundation of the roman empire , and there was this bit about the split of the settlers that led to colonizing two different cities , one of which was ... ever wanted to break it off with someone , and you had good reasons that were in mutual best interest if looked at rationally , but instead of seeing reason the other totally loses their shit and ... movie detectives of perc , i call upon you and your exceptional powers of memory to help me , and perhaps other that find themselves in this situation . could you guys help me find a movie ? it's a ... i first read it here . it's a good read , especially if you have an interest in music , i'd wager :) speech by karl paulnack of boston conservatory « not just another pretty voice as a little kid i wanted to grow up to become a mechwarrior , no joke :) the present has shown a few even cooler possibilities ;) in ancient greece music and astrology were seen as two sides of the same coin . one was the study of observable objects moving outside of the body , and the other the study of invisible objects moving ... i don't think there's much you really can do . in the end it depends on the why they are afraid , and if you know that , maybe , maybe you can go after the underlying reason . the last time i was in a ... my old man asked me to help him find some new songs for his band . it's an amazing thing for him , trying something new , and asking for help , and i really wish i could help him , but i'm the wrong ... i think dean kamen is one . he's a real inspiration to me . in the sense that it's not enough to care , but one must also act . when i think giver he's the first one that comes to mind . he's probably ... it's how he says it's the first all black movie , and i think he actually believes it . the other day i read in an interview where he said that han has never shot first in star wars , and i think he ... after watching the half a bag review of red tails , an inquiring mind wants to know i can relate to , well , some of that . i don't accept it , though . trust , ect . yes , that stuff isn't cool but we ourselves decide how we engage the world , and all our decisions have some underlying ... the weirdest thing ever . one of my coworkers once walked up to me , gave me a hug and said it's all going to be ok . i just said ehm , ok . i had no idea what he was talking about . i was just ... it's not ridiculous , it's the reality . women facing child neglect charges for how they treat a fetus will avoid authorities rather than seek medical help . that's the way things work . you make the ... txwolves since you're in the habit answering questions posed to others don't mind me doing the same . women will get abortions whether or not they have access to professional medical help . that's ... i love how subtle they can be warning : wifi is a health and safety risk to staff and students ! see it ? / facepalm follow up : police , child services visit man who shot daughter's laptop - kcbd newschannel 11 lubbock i'm ok with arrogance . it can have it's charms . west wing presidential debate - youtube ( in case the time linking didn't work , what i'm referencing to starts at 1:40 ) movies  music the latter , i'd say . i like that visual , by the way . is there a pattern to it ? think it's possible you're picking up on emotional vampires ? or do you think it's possible you're somehow realizing that the suffering a person goes through at that ... like a part of me is dying and screaming out in agony ... but i did the right thing . please , let it be the right thing . my comparison is there to showcase that the potential for an eventual state does not equal the state . this also applies to coma patients , those merely kept alive by artificial wombs . as soon as ... unborn fetus - not child . in the best of circumstances women will get pregnant . girls will get pregnant , and they will do so for stupid , hormonal or tragic reasons . there will always be the sweet ... nobody is killing kids . an acorn is not an oak . the egg you had for breakfast is not a chicken . a fetus is not a kid . that's a fact . a fetus has no thoughts , feelings , memories , sensations , is - in ... i don't understand people who want to outlaw abortion except in cases of rape or incest . one one hand they believe a fetus is a human person , but then on the other they admit that a woman's ... i don't think he's in his right mind . waging war against a teenager can have that effect . my boyfriend is all these things , really a wonderful guy , but he can as sure as anyone be driven to ... i really don't think that's the case . goguapsy i don't know if this helps any at all . i stumbled across this video some time back of someone explaining how to employ fe . ... my thought was estj when i saw it . brutal in his follow through , no tolerance for emotional venting , harsh disciplinarian , no respect for privacy ( you just know he used a keylogger ) and yet , a ... you have no idea what an utter pretentious snob i can be when it comes to movies ;) i think he means if we hate sharing those specific personal things . that we consider most people we know mere aquaintances rather than friends , or sharing the fact that we have some type of disease . ... hi sarge , hope life's treating you well i wrote about my thoughts on the subject here a while back ... yeah . i think it's a good process . thank god for ni-ti . without those phases i would have probably just kept making the same mistakes over , and over , and over again . in my case i found it to be a ... if it is a doorslam , he'll have his reasons for it . it's not something done lightly . when i was at that point myself i'm sure that those on the other side of the door often didn't understand what ... tower heist is a new ben stiller movie but it really doesn't feel like one . it's a little more of a drama-dy than an outright comedy , and a very good one at that . great chracters , great writing , good ... you have all these possibilities you think are worth trying . do you think it might be possible to motivate him over his initial hesitation with some sort of kick ass and instantaneous reward just to ... emotional stability is a big one for me . it makes me feel safe . i like carefree sillyness because it's something i'm not good at myself . trustworthiness should be a given . open . i like to be open ... you give a gift because you want to give it , not because you expect to get something in return . receiving an organ donation is a gift , and not a right , nor is it something that is purchased , or makes ... chickydoda i know you mean well . heart in the right place , and all . the way i see it you can't really force people to donate , though . actions guided by the words everyone should have this taken ... '