' i can freely smoke weed with my favorite intp and think up of crazy insane shit and just have fun . with him i have the most fun and crazy conversations when we smoke . raiza 1990 yeah , i'm just going to come out and say that you read like a manual , the way you phrased that reply that is ( no offence ) , which leads me to think you're just going from memory ( or copying ... then you're the third ti user whom i ' encountered ' who has either worked in sales or was advised to do so . as for the ' amoral ' part , i can't count the times ti users told me ' fuck morals ' . not ... well , hell if i know , i think most of them are anyway . sounds like a classic absence of f anyway , being able to wrap anyone around your finger is usually a sign of not giving a damn ( tx ) . typing ... i'll take that as payment , thank you ~ [ j / k , you're married ! :p [ why are all ( most of ) the gen . x intp's married ! t_t ] ] ( if i didn't know any better , that would have been an se line , possibly in the ... as have we all . could you tell me why you'd want to be an intp ? no , they're not exclusive to fi users , the way you expressed though , as you have in other posts , talks from a subjective point of ... hey , yeah , excuse me , i know it's not really on topic , but i see you have , like , 14 posts to your name , and i was wondering if you're really an intp ? i looked through your previous posts , so i'm ... no . and i can't , because there's nothing concrete to go on . :/ i've read a few of your posts , trying to find as much as i wanted that resembled a ' type me ' question . so far i think you're an ... you know what . i had two full page written out ( no joke ) , but i don't think a public anonymous forum is the place to discuss male vs . female privilege , which was pretty much where it was headed to . ... i'd like to think morals only exist as a form of ' self preservation ' , in this case , i think the animals actually do . most animals don't kill for fun or sport ( though felines are a type of animal ... lady , other than the name tag , that's all you had to say to get my attention ~ : wink : ( it is only a coincidence that i share a first name ... i am so .. so sorry for this ; excuse me while i'm away for a minute , trying to vomit my eyes out . well , about that , it's best if an intp answers this ( since i'm not one ) , but what i am able to tell you is that when you mature , so will your psychological functions . in the case of intp's i imagine ... thanks , i feel so warm and appreciated now ! ... : tongue : alright , i'm going to ask something very , very hard from you guys . i need a hug . :( when someone tries to ' sell ' a bullshit story ( to an intp ): the last month i have played ; x3 - terran conflict thinking of moving on to albion prelude , though . also a bit of for honor my favorite class is worth nothing since the latest patches , so i ... dude , you're gen z ? from what i gather , your tertiary function is something you start to develop around your 16th - 22nd , at which time it will still feel rather uneasy , depending on how well your ... is it just me , or is the world really split into two zones when it comes to the sexes ? men rule the economy , and women rule the social settings . i mean , i haven't seen a household where a woman ...  * doublepost * :( i'm not sure , actually , but seeing your hair is longer anyway , i probably dropped the soap on this one . : tongue : also ; carry on ! we need more esfpness ( and vness ) in this world ! ... we've almost got the same haircut ... yours is just a tad longer . : 0 stop being cool , i was being cool first ! you'll be fine , i think we've all been there before ( in some way or another i think ) and it makes us feel conflicted . and we bloody hate anything perceived as genuine conflict , now don't we . ... fine , i'm taking the bait . does this mean i'm not an esfp anymore ? can i finally reach intp-hood ? ... that's exactly what i didn't want to hear . :( oh well , the choice is easy then , can't live in a world without cheese , now can we ? just wanted to plop this here , this reminded me of you guys ; plop it down in the esfp music for us if you will , please , so it won't get lost into the creaks of perc . :D here's a little thank you ; does that make me more intp than my intp bestie who has a severe aversion to anything ' fermented milk-like ' ? an esfp can dream , right ? ~ alright , i'll have a go ; gustavo fring - breaking bad : this guy is risk elimination personified . extremely cautious , and doesn't work with imperfect additives ( like junkies ) , which i think is a ... i'll try not to get my feelings hurt too much over the biased title ~ anyhoo , you talk about ' feeling threatened ' in your post , let me ask you ( and other females ) this ; do you like to feel ... it's both your ne and your si - they're clashing . but yeah , the stress you're going through is not ( entirely ) related to intuition . you've got trouble focusing on the here and now ( s ) , which is ... for a lot of intp's , sex is like math ; add a surface , subtract the clothes , divide the legs , and hope you don't multiply . just have a nice cold beer and wait for all that to blow over ~ the word is legs . spread the word . i knew i was being too generous ! whenever it's time to go to sleep , and i want to enjoy the intp forum , like now , this somehow manages to get randomly selected to play : ... you guys are crazy . i love it . * intp walks in * hr : you're hired ! intp : huh , wuh , what ? hr : now go flip this shit into a fortune 500 company ! stat ! complete creative freedom ! intp : ... if this thread is now suddenly about threesomes then i'm prepared to get much ( ! ) further invested ! i could settle with the philosophical nature of threesomes too , though . carry on ~ ... i don't know who phil is , but if i can sell his osophy for some , then i'm game . theudon dude , don't listen to all these chumps , what you need to do is fuck her , right in the pussy . that's all there is to it . no , seriously , with a type that's renowned for not wanting to be ... thanks , but i don't - really - want to fix her , i think i phrased it wrong , sorry - i want to help her , even though i'm possibly not the one who should . i'm taking much care not to lose myself in this , ... that's alright , the type wasn't as important , but seeing as you're the relationship guru's around here i figured you might be able to help me out anyway . i've actually asked those kind of questions ... hey there , i've got this fried whom i think is an infj . she's very intuitive , she's able to look at the core of things and dissect them rather quickly and accurately . she's also more concerned with ... hey , i'm not an enfp , and this may sound easy coming from an esfp , but the friendzone is not a place you want to be in , it's going to eat away at you and when she eventually finds a partner , it's ... sounds like a ' deaf guy leading the blind guy ' situation waiting to happen . interesting thought , though , i'm not sure if i'm actually starting to hear better . might have to take better care of my ... '