' right now it's beer . i'm trying to get the motivation to make some home brew . in the mean time i will just keep drinking and sampling . my latest obsession has been bicycles and bicycle touring . i want to do at least a 300 mile tour . i have been looking into what to bring and how to make my bike comfortable and able to carry ... i'll bite . how was it ? sent from my nexus 4 using tapatalk i dont fight back when people yell at me because i am afraid i won't be able to control what i say back . i think thats why people think i dont have a soul . sent from my nexus 4 using tapatalk nah i still hang out with friends i just need to lose weight and be more active . the very things keeping girls away . sent from my nexus 4 using tapatalk i gave up on girls . i'm going to make myself better instead . sent from my nexus 4 using tapatalk i just graduated college . now what ? sent from my nexus 4 using tapatalk my isfj roommate is in the mood to argue every point i bring up today . fuuu wow i just walked outside in booty shorts too . sent from my nexus 4 using tapatalk i've always thought that smiling felt fake unless i was laughing or having fun . when i'm getting my picture taken or walking around campus i'm not laughing or having fun so i don't smile . wine and mine craft makes jack a happy boy . sent from my nexus 4 using tapatalk so could i be a shy estp ? sent from my nexus 4 using tapatalk 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... i met someone that i think was an istp and he was way cooler than me . 88482 i have a ruger 10/22 which is fun , and a remington 870 express with a feeding problem that i haven't fixed yet . you know more about camera models and how they work than most of your photographer friends . i have way more than stubble . that makes it stacked against me right ? sent from my nexus 4 using tapatalk i am a man with a beard . 88340 my esfp photographer friend took this . i feel like it looks a bit too high school but it is the best photo i have . it took several minutes for me to even try to smile . i watched donnie darko for the first time and i can't get this song out of my head . this is something i want to try . i like everything books ... except for reading them haha . i have periods where i read a lot and periods where i don't feel like reading . thanks ! i've read this before but now it kind of makes sense . i have anxiety , and feel like i have wasted all of my time in college and i'm about to graduate with a degree that i don't want . all i can think about is how the hell i'm going to get a job and if i ... i used to like beer but i developed panic attacks and i find it hard to drink or do anything that affects my normal feeling . sad times . i really want to quit life for a few months and through hike the appellation trail . i also dream of biking coast to coast . after that i want to design a permaculture farm and try to live off of the ... i'm about to graduate from college with a degree in music technology . i started as a music education major which i hated and this was the compromise to get out of college quickly . i was always ... it's true you know . i get chills when i listen to this . its totally a sensory thing . i was bullied when i was young for being overweight and so i have low self esteem sometimes . it has gotten better . i was confused while typing myself because other types are known to be overly ... do you guys ever get frustrated when someone is explaining something to you but you already know what they are going to say ? my boss points at something and then say the word clean . then he finally ... - guns - cars - motorcycles - rubik's cube - kendama - penspinning - parkour - skateboarding - paper craft - tricking i have never really liked pda . it's not too much of an issue though . i like cuddling a lot . i have never really felt like sex was a romantic thing but that could be because of the girls that i have ... 77592 you know you're an istp when you avoid the person that is about to ask you if you need any help in a store because you know exactly where to find what you are looking for . deal . i loved transformer toys . i would try to make it transform with out looking at the instructions . i would then take all of the transformers i had and act out fights with them . pretty awesome and i can ... entj's argue too much , and don't listen well . you know you are an introvert when you are talking to someone and get interrupted by someone else and you stand there for 5 + minutes saying nothing until their conversation is done . these are awesome . thank you for posting these pictures . welcome . i also think i'm a mix between istp and isfp . it's just because i play and instrument and doodle . the thing that makes me think i am for sure and istp is that i can go into an art gallery ... wow my very own dancing robot . how fun ! ! i can't find a girl to date . my introverted-ness makes me quiet and i run away from chances to talk to girls . ok . pity party over . i just need to do it . dear extj , just make my burrito . just do it . don't give me the look . don't act like you are the best worker there for carefully weighing out ever ingredient . just make it . everyone else working is ... very cool . do you have a google + account ? i will pm you details . hello . my name is doudeman ( dudeman ) . i'm still pretty new to mbti but i'm already benefitting from what i have learned . i am pretty positive i am an istp but like others that are new to mbti i ... are you still doing videos ? i am an istp and i haven't seen as many istps on youtube as other types . i'm very interested in doing a video and sharing my views and concerns . have you seen enter the void ? i never understood why my friends didn't like it until i read this thread . it makes so much sense now . watching alice is so cool for me . it gives me this weird tingle ... my name is doudeman ( dudeman ) . i found out about mbti yesterday and when i read about my istp i was amazed about how much it described me . what really sold me was reading the relationship thread , ... '