' doesnt fit in with the crowd creepy quiet if i dont feel like i have anything to say , im not gonna bloody say anything can stand around a group of people in silence without feeling awkward ... i used to just drift in and out . gossiping seems unfair to me , it seems like it is just a way to hurt other people , and i don't exactly have much to talk about with people i don't know yet . you seem to understand exactly where i was .. all my friends felt very , one way , i was left out , never invited anywhere , never helped when i needed it , but if it was the other way around i would break ... it's not that i can't live with it , it is more that it is bugging the crap out of me , i need someone to ask my stupidly confusing and complex questions too , someone i can discuss things , actually ... yup you guys , i officially fucked up that last person who ever spoke to me . she was a little angel , too . but i just fuck things up . now i'm not complaining here , but i dont know what to do now . i'm ... knowing how peoples minds work ... seeping my way in , and destroying them from the inside .. hahaha people are so easy i'm an intp male , and i really want someone to cuddle and talk to about the madness in my mind now and then . i'm pretty repelled by the thought of sex so that doesn't matter to me , maybe because i'm ... i really love the abilty to express through my voice . a lot of slipknots songs also feel like how i feel , and i love being able to express without it being obvious what i'm feeling to others . and ... i haven't been on perc for like 4 months , i didn't see the point in it . why am i back ? because the person who brought me here in the first place isn't the same person to me any more . so for some ... when someone , anyone , takes a simple statement that you said , and misinterprets / twists it into a completely different statement with a completely different meaning . e . g my ex is a real good friend to ... about six months ago i started to listen to a very popular band called avenged sevenfold . this band inspired me to pick up my guitar again , and something else i have never done before , sing . being ... this is quite strange , because this never normally happens to me .. so this enfp introduces me to perc , right ? well , we had a huge fight over something stupid , and we just kept fighting every day ... i love playing my guitar . i love how i can channel feeling into it and just feel like i'm the music myself , it is hard to describe . edit i have a slight description now .. it make my fretting hand , ... a very good point you have there . i think i'm boring but i'm normally in a socially devoid situation , normally home alone . however , in the company of others , if we click as it were , then i can ... i'm an intp and i would describe myself as pretty boring and bland because all i do is use the internet or study stupid thing . i watch documentaries for hours and i try to keep talking to a minimum , ... addicted to the internet , mainly cos i'm not a sociable person , i don't feel like i'm being judged on the computer , addicted to skateboarding , and probably alcohol cos i always fancy a drink or to be ... religion , to me personally , is a stupid thing to believe in to comfort those who fear death , but a very interesting thing to study , how people change everything for a religion is highly interesting ... success : charlie sheen .. i mean , whenever someone has completed a goal they have been driven to finish for a long time . intelligence : the knowledge of the world and everything in it . love : a ... i like to get angry and upset and annoyed at people on forums purely because i feel pathetic and probably appear pathetic if i do it to my friends . i have way more problems in my past than i ever ... you hate being helped but feel it's a necessity . i think sleeping is ultimately a pointless evolutionary defect that shouldn't exist . this i feel so alone right now . i just want some loving human cointact . i don't like feeling useless and pointless and generally unwanted . it's annoying . yeah , he wants to talk to you and be there for you . basically he's interested and trying to show that through caring and always being there when needed . e n f p's interest me , a lot . the way they act is really interesting . plus enfp's are the only people who make me feel anything , it's odd . and cos of that i wanna talk to them all the time . i guess ... no . no i don't care . things come and go . that's how it is . i'm about to go dancing all night ! i wont leave without at least three women with me ! i'm organizing the biggest best super awesomest party ever ! i care about puppies , theyre sooo cute .. ok this ... i very rarely feel emotion . when my grandmother died i felt nothing . when i met my dad for the first time in 17 years i felt nothing . when i kissed my last girlfriend i felt nothing . only people who ... lying on the floor , feeling tired , alone and ill . also wishing i had something to do right now . i wont go on social gatherings usually , theres a fear of being bullied or screwing up somehow , or i dont go because if i'm bored there i may as well be bored at home . i hate talking to new people , ... i hate when women hint at anything . i never know if i should take them seriously or if they're screwing with me . just come out and say it for god sakes ! and if you only say it once we won't believe ... e n f p - i don't understand them at all .. everything they say and do is so .. happy . i just don't get it , it seems irrational to be so happy and naive , it seems dangerous . i want a woman just for the companionship . i want us to be together in a relationship but without the hassles and stuff relationship brings . just two people loving life together and experiencing ... dragonforce : soldiers of the wasteland i loathe being asked questions repeatedly cos i think theres no need to answer . also i hate having to wait more than a minute for a reply in person or online .. it drives me insane when you don't want to start fights , but they just happen anyway , and you're never the one at fault in your mind , you're being reasonable and respectful . i'm new here but i'm not new to forums . i was recommended by an enfp to check out the joint , so here i am . whats going on ? '