' when i was about 8 or 9 i started realizing how many threatening things there were in this world ( real or imaginary ) . i began sleeping with weapons under my pillow and on my bed . i had to be ... sorry for not accurately describing him . he isn't suicidal in the slightest . he was put on suicide watch because he wants out of general population . he is mentally ill . prison is not the place for ... does anyone else find it difficult or even impossible to be angry , mad , upset , or hate someone if you are able to understand them and know why they did what they did , even if what they did is ... i pretty much despise most social media . social media is the perfect thing to preoccupy vapid , self-absorbed people who are fixated solely on stroking their own ego . at least that seems to be the ... i know we are a future oriented type but i honestly don't see anything different happening in the future . i mean , technology will likely advance , but i don't really see our nature changing . we will ... i chose to enter the criminal justice / law enforcement field because i wanted to help people . i wanted to make a difference and do something meaningful . i still don't know if i chose well . it has been ... 52 % intj 14 % intp 9 % infj 5 % enfj 4 % istj i'm fairly certain that all of my childhood friends were people that i initially dismissed or even despised . on the other hand , i never befriended the people i actually tried to be friends with or ... mike brown did more than merely shoplift in the convenience store video . what he did was robbery , which is a violent , personal crime . the number of times he was shot is mostly irrelevant . in ... you are the blinded one . first , you may misunderstand tennessee v . garner , or at the least choose to understand the part of it that you want to . you can't shoot a fleeing felon unless they pose a ... i praise officer wilson for putting the thug mike brown where he rightfully belongs . in a grave . a lot of people listen but do not really hear , for they only truly hear themselves . their minds are not quiet enough . too much hearing of their own inner voice , interpreting and changing yours into ... if you are patient , you could discuss it with them and see if they can type themselves . perhaps they will learn more about typology and could figure out their type for you , or you could even help ... if true knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing , then how can you know that you know nothing , and yet still know nothing ? ignoring the possible impossibility , it would seem a tool with ... posting in yet another bait thread authored by the biggest troll to ever frequent these boards . op , you should apologize for creating such an awful whine thread . you are responsible for the ... 90 % wow ... explains a lot . all of mine are lengthy and involved emotional expositions . heavy on the feels . long , long , and very long . for example , i wrote a simple letter to a classmate telling her how much she inspired me , ... with a name like trollmaster i would have figured you'd be the one encouraging them do do those things . :) i feel your frustration . i just never go to them , lol . or if i do , i will lay low and then i cut out early . i often feel very guilty about it later , though . it really is a situation which has ... i am largely indifferent . however , there is often an odd contradiction at works . whenever i am around people , i want to be alone . whenever i am alone , i want to be around people . most of the time ... i don't think i strongly relate to anyone , but that may just be a personal thing . i had always wondered if i was actually infp , but the enneagram cleared that up for me a bit . type 4 . i would say ... welcome :) hello and welcome to the forums . i know it can be very difficult to decide on a college major , especially when you're interested in so many things . i changes my major three times . you seem to have ... i dismissed this initially . call me crazy , but after watching it i buy what he's saying . this thread was a major success . took the bait . hook , line , and sinker . as has been said , being evaluated and actually being a good teacher are vastly different things . there is only one thing of concern in today's school , and that is passing some proficiency test ... your post is written very well and is clearly thought out . i think the main problem is that a majority of people are simply unaware of the problem . this can be for a number of reasons , but i think ... when you are beside a secluded nature trail writing in your journal and you see a person walking by . you stop writing and say hello , because you don't want to be rude . the person notices , but ... selective protector then ! it is so true too ... 24 years old as well . college student . this feeling is a guaranteed daily experience for me . i have always felt this way , to some extent , but especially the past few years as it has been becoming ... lol i love how you say your kind , as if infjs are an alien species or something . welcome to this world , space traveler ! i too have noticed how slow it is on here compared to other boards ... if you could only take 1 album to a deserted tropical island , what album would it be ? would you prefer something you enjoy , so as to make the experience more pleasurable ? would you instead prefer ... i see your name ! i will not fall victim to your tricky shenanigans , mr . trollmaster ! have you considered that all those entps , who claimed you were not entp , were not actually themselves entp ? ... my sensory detail childhood fix came in the form of memorizing all the car manufacturers / models in the parking lot outside our apartment . i was extremely proud of being able to remember who ... lol omg so you have been swayed by a behavioral description on the internet , and while on lsd ? welcome to perc . this is definitely the place you're looking for . :) i masquerade so often that i'm not even sure if i have a type , or rather a lack of a type . it took me a long time before i figured out that the shifting of personalities was who i was . i'm so many ... you may be in the minority , but you are not alone :) fwb just seems so shallow and meaningless . but i supposed that's what some people want ... tribes 2 , the video game that ruined video games . ™ morrowind , + skyrim / oblivion . morrowind is perhaps my favorite game of all time . defined my childhood lol knights of the old republic , 1 + 2 , such ... dying without ever having truly lived . all around me i see others enjoying that which is seemingly so unattainable for me . being relegated to a life of observation . so many people have touched my ... how is that relevant ? how would that lessen my ability to point out your flaws in reasoning ? you can divert the issue anyway you want to . you can create any number of pointless arguments to ... as i have previously said , i have not said i could or that i could not . i have done nothing besides point out your mistaken reasoning . i know this might be painful , but please do try to comprehend ... no , that is not a fair deal . i have made no claim that i could tell how people are male or female when they are wearing clothes , nor did i claim that i could not . you will not sidetrack me away from ... i'm trying to do so . i would justly assume that you , being the one claiming these people are infj , would have the answers as to why you are claiming they are infj . these are your allegations . they ... i don't know . how do you ? you're the one trying to do so . i'll leave it up to you to explain your own faulty reasoning . no , but it is confirmation bias when it's your specific intent to prove a person as a certain type , and then selectively confirm said type merely on the grounds of them having similarities among ... people are inherently similar in many aspects , regardless of their type . in comparing two individuals , or an individual to a group , you are going to find similarities . accepting that , then can you ... so , you're basically asserting that you believe she's an infj ... simply because you believe she's an infj ? you're using your opinion of her being an infj to validate your very opinion of her being ... i imagine an nf type would try to save it from being killed , or something along those lines . '