' you know what , i'm going to put this out there but , sometimes i feel the same way as your friend . sometimes , i enjoy more shallow relationships rather than deep ones . because you know what always ... that i truly do love myself and that i want to make people smile and laugh . ( post has been removed because i was being a moody bitch ) dur hur just kidding on this one now guys . i am stephanie , hear my mighty roar ! now time for what you guys really came for . 100 % ... we all stand in a big line and then we pull down our pants . therefore giving you the permission to choose us as one of your mates for life . and that's not even the mating process . the true ... that just made my whole night , freaking hilarious ! xd i must have posted some of these here before . i just can't remember if i did or not so you're getting my pizza face served to you again on a silver platter . 46136 46137 46138 46139 46140 man even i'm an enfp and i even feel like that with other enfp's at times . god i know one enfp or esfp , that i just want to rip my or his hair out whenever he makes terrible puns . wow talk about being so late upon my entries ! but honestly that was one of the best things that i have ever heard sir ! xd ah ~ i love talking with thinking types , god they're so refreshing ... ( ps : this was a quote to refugee on the front page . i do not know why i didn't think of actually quoting him . @_ @ ) even though i would be so pissed off and jealous . there is always a ... intj's are awesome and i would just love to talk with one in real life ! we could debate about menial things for hours while i tickle them and hand feed them apple sauce . ( anyone want to hang out ... well , i'm not an intp but i think i know why he did it . he probably is scared of commitment , he loves you and cares about you and that's why he could say all of those things to you face to face but ... why people no have best friends on personality cafe ? ! 1 ) wake up at 4:30 am knowing that i have no responsibility for the next couple of days ( no work or anything ) 2 ) drink some coffee and make a surprise breakfast for my fav gal pal ! seven of cups and ... fuck yes , pegasus ride . i love that so hard ! it's always good to enjoy your life beyond the internet . that's one of the problems with today's society , they can't enjoy the things that life gives them . they are always just on their cell phones ... oh goodie goodie gumdrops ! i've been waiting for one of these ! <3 1 . become a wifey and get into one of those boring plain marriages 2 . have a child and become one of those psycho soccer moms ... mice , mice . i love mice ( i think that i've already posted like 3 times on this forum all with mice . but i fucking love mice . i ... why i think that we love you just the same , mr . entj and intp ! at some times it can be embarrassing because everyone is looking towards you to offer them entertainment that's why they are giving you their attention . however , i wish to become famous so the idea ... what the hell is normal anyways ? normal , i take , is like just being . to be a normal human being is just to sit on your ass and just be there maybe you eat and crap every once in a while but ... do you even realize how unfitting that awesome video was in comparison from you singing in a choir versus you holding up a package of depends in the picture right next to you ! hilarious ! tits are amazing . i'm not a lesbian but i would love to motorboat a pair sometime . :P suits do look hot on men though , but really that's not all that should really matter . :P but a man who cares about how he looks is always a turn on , maybe that's what the ladies were trying to hit ... go ahead ! what's on your mind ? sex , food , music , anything dealing with fe notions ? you post zem here . you post zem nao . ... does an infp know how to breathe ? of course i think that they could write a love novel , they are some of the most poetic people that i've ever met so of course they can write poetry ~ xd yeah ! i know that feeling , i know that i've changed it twice already . xp but i don't know if my silly ass could graduate on time ! vent 1 : i hate it when people are only friends with you to get inside of your pants . and i wouldn't even mind it as much if they wouldn't have made it so freaking blunt , it's tactless and gaudy . ... okay , i know this guy , i just met him recently too . like i've only known him for a month or so and i've been trying to figure him out but i just can't my finger on it . he says that he took the test ... i am going to make a confession / rant here today which is very personal to me and this is the only place in which i feel that the person whom i want to read this will actually listen to me and where i ... holy crap . i wish that i could thank this thousands of times . everyone tells me that my voice is so loud and when i am in a classroom and i begin to speak , i mean everyone just turns their heads ... the inspiration of my dreams . ( and still is to this very day ! ) my brother used to have these and remember cuddling up in them ... i do believe in love but there are several genres of the word love you would not love your dog the same way as you would love a significant other or your parents . love is a such a temporary ... i come bringing adorable mice to infps ! i don't know if infp's like the kinds of things that i do but i promise not to stupid up the ... boring isn't even really the term , more like terrifying because all of the ones that i have met were all a-holes and liked to shout . yes , really you shouldn't have to defend your faith , i hate it ... oh no we're just flighty , or at least i am . i know that i'm so flaky when it comes to staying on the computer for too long xp i usually go ahead and stuff my face . religion is a very ... i just kind of popped in here , but you know what ? you have to believe in what you believe in . no one should tell you whether an opinion is right or wrong . you're entirely normal just as long as ... freaking mice and chinchillas . they are both so fluffy and adorable .  hot men in business ... i was born and raised catholic , but now i'm agnostic , meaning that i don't reject the idea of there being a god but i currently am open to any ideas and theologies . god to me could mean anything ; ... all i do is just live my life like normal , i work everyday anyways , so i just grin and bear through the sickness , trying to make everyone laugh with my nasally voice and then i come home and work on ... 1 ) when people chew really loudly and with their mouths open . 2 ) when people get in your face when they're talking to you . 3 ) when people use your , you're , their , there , they're , wrong . 4 ) when ... or if you liked that one what about one more blatant ? i hate chickflicks , if i see jennifer aniston's face one more time i think that i'll flip a lid . i'm sorry for this , all the rest of the women that you have chosen are extremely attractive but snooki ... augh , snooki ... she to be blunt could be described of having the looks and the ... here's me and my homeboy spiderman , we fight crime together . : b my best friend is my sister sevenofcups , she is an infp , we can do anything together and i'll never get sick of it ! the only thing that i don't like about her is when she's not with me ! xp i honestly would hate to be a business person or a salesman . i can't bear the thought that i would be ripping someone off for a terrible price . daaaw ! hur hur ! : b we love you too , i really don't think that i ever met an intj in my entire life besides for my professor and i was in stitches by his dark humor . and it's actually hard to get me ... do you realize how painful it is whenever you say it's up to you and only you to support me us all . i'm still a kid , i'm not even out of my teenage years up and i've had my entire life decided for ... oh god , it's like you read my mind . my dad is an estj , he is totally oblivious about other people's feelings , needs , and is a total diva . he can be easily manipulated into anything and everything , ... i can definitely agree to this statement right over here , introverts can be extremely threatened by me . i actually learned about it when i was in a forum with my infp sister ; sevenofcups , they ... i would just ask her , there is nothing bad about someone that cares about you ~ i know that i wish that i had more people in my life to worry about me like that . '