' i've had them my whole life . i've tried different remedies , but nothing works . i've dated so many enfp's ... another one came on to me last week . agh . they seem to find intp's deep and reflective . they want to break us out of our shells . but they really don't offer much ... i went back and re-read the title and the first post . a few times . i think i get it now . why ... ? a very valid point . i hope to get a large enough sample , and then compare that to the standard frequency of hair colors . and then we could bust out the statistics and figure out the degree of ... i see where you're coming from . i'd like to note that the ennegram forum came to the conclusion that i'm actually a 3w4 . and i don't have the competitve drive . i'm not saying you're wrong - ... i'm an intp . my best friend is an istj . seems like i'm destined to help with this thread . the istj is definitely a lot more agressive than me . he takes competition incredibly seriously . a loss ... rise and shine , mr . freeman . rise and shine . not that i wish to imply you have been sleeping on the job . no-one is more deserving of a rest . and all the effort in the world would have gone to ... this was an amazing post . seriously , i can see you put a lot of time and heart into it . i've thought about it a good deal , and you're certainly right . i've relied on my ti my whole life - it ... sure , i understand what you're saying . i just wanted to know at this current moment in time , if we were to observe all of the intp's in the universe , would there be a trend ? what hair looked like ... as opposed to a single choice with a radio button ... ? i'm definitely an intp , and to be completely honest , this doesn't really apply to me . i always like to go into situations blind and use my ti and ne to figure out what to do . i agree that you ... i was hoping ' grey ' would cover it . but i suppose i should have elaborated . you could always choose ' other ' . observation : your profile picture is missingno . but before i dismiss this thread , what did you honestly hope this thread would accomplish ? ( not asking sarcastically , but genuinely . ) i tend to assume a lot of things about other people based on their hair color . it's probably wrong , but before i dismiss it ... do intp's tend to have certain hair color ? it's always nice to have a new recruit in the intp army . together , we shall conquer the other types ! certainly . i've dated many women in high school / college . but i've realized every single one of them was a feeler . which , for me anyways , is a recipe for disaster . entp's intrigue me , because they ... so it is ! i didn't even notice . gentlemen , we have three months to prepare . 2013 is our year to conquer the dating scene . i have the same thoughts toward dubstep that i do towards anime . most of them , especially the popular ones , are absolutely awful . but if you look through all the trash , you can find a few to be ... during my lunch break , i tend to throw on some headphones and walk aimlessly around the city . i used to keep the headphones off in case i met somebody interesting . but it never happened . i really ... good suggestion . i wonder how a recent college graduate could do anything there though ... i suppose i'm still young enough that i could pretend i'm a student ... ? :P conclusion : i am the only intp in the city of pittsburgh . yes , i suppose i am ! having someone else who understands my ti and develops my ne sounds exciting . not to mention i've dated way too many extraverted feelers . ;D what you say ! all your ... it's nice to have another intp throw in his opinion . i'm very much in agreement with you , jeffbobs . entp's seem to be drawn to drastic physical displays of nonconformity in the real world . they ... from my brief observations of this forum , i've learned that when it comes to relationships : you don't find entps , they find you so my question is : what do you look for when you decide whether ... perhaps this could be my next thread ... ? ;) lemme see what i can dig up here ... aha ! although [ intp's ] have more simple needs from interpersonal relationships than most other types have , it's very important that they keep up their ... i generally like to spend time solo . people tend to frustrate me . but every now and then i get fired up and want to go out and do something . where do intps typically hang out in pittsburgh ? we have pretty similar tastes from the sound of it . i recently got into l4d2 , and really enjoy it . i'll keep an eye out for the other games you recommended . i have an istj friend that plays that game religiously . the learning curve way way too high for me , personally . not to mention the gameplay fell a bit on the repetitive side . hey navi , could you offer some tips for a fellow intp ? my fe frankly scares the heck out of me . it constantly looks to other people to try to feel validated . i'm never good enough . and in the ... a friend of mine gave me advice you might want to consider : whenever you feel tense or nervous , figure out the opposite of that feeling : in this case , relaxed and confident . focus on making your ... i've actually read a good deal on intp's becoming teachers . the common consensus is that it can work , but only under two conditions . 1 ) intp's function better in higher levels of academia . there ... i think a lot of us do that . it's what puts the ' i ' into intp , no ? just because society encourages you to have the most friends doesn't mean you need to play along . we just prefer quality over ... the level of wit in this thread is fantastic . well done my fellow intps . :D wow . that's seriously me in a nutshell . the good and the bad . i think i need to print this out and hand it out to potential girlfriends . hello . this is what you're getting into . i've heard a lot of good things about guild wars 2 . i've always been super reluctant to actually pay money for an mmo , but maybe i'll give this one a try . dude . we've had like the same game career . i'm really into tf2 , and i pretty much exclusively play medic . spy and engi are fun too . and i also played wow on an accelerated private server . i shot ... maybe that's why i can't get into them . :) agreed . i'm an intp . my istj friend really loves the show as well . also , it's been said before , but why isn't this a poll ? :) i've tried world of warcraft as well as several other mmo's . they all struck me as way too rigid and repetitive . i played mabinogi for a long time , but other than that i haven't found one i ... hello ! i'm a wandering intp . i've never met an entj before . theoretically we are supposed to really get along . my ti is the compliment to your te . but i would think that the higher standards ... oh man . this is dead on . i've dated many enfp's . we're always naturally attracted to each other . at first i always act as her escape from reality , and she becomes my escape from my mind ... the logic ! it's so beautiful . give me a moment to take this in ... sorry , i'm used to people getting really emotional about photos . you definitely strike me as a thinker . perhaps ti . xxtx ... exactly ! you're like an endangered species ! hence the topic . never thought of it that way . interesting ... :) so perhaps i should ask where to find intj's ... then i can use them as bait ! :D i just got out of college this june . my job has been mostly grunt work and training so far . i'll defer my answer until some more substantial projects come up . :) that said , esxx's are generally ... i know this question wasn't necessarily aimed at me , but i figured i'd share . i work in a call center - i typically am left alone , but some certain esxx's can't seem to get the hint . i find ... that was a really solid post , zeep . thank you . i'll try to shift my focus away from flagging down an entp , more towards bettering myself . ^ _ ^ it intrigues me that you couldn't mention a ... hello ! i'm a wandering intp . on our forum , we have a topic that discusses where to meet intp women , which is rather interesting . so if you don't mind my asking - where would i likely meet a ... * slowly backs away * '