' thanks for diggin it back up now i get to share the love :) i agree 100 % love me some enfjs me too dude , crazy how they seem to pick me out . ive dated more enfps then any other but , it never seems to get to far :( i find the poll results interesting , what am i doing wrong ? :P disorder | rating paranoid : low schizoid : low schizotypal : high antisocial : moderate borderline : moderate histrionic : low narcissistic : low avoidant : very high dependent : very high im not on enough but this is fun :P i have met a few enfjs in the last few years . i work along side one everyday , hes 53 and i never thought i could have such a good friend at the work place . we are both very out of place where we work ... of course there are aliens ... i haven't made one yet . but i like what i'm seeing when i totally crush on a girl for way to long thinking i'm getting some where just to find i'm in the friend zone i like being an infp , but at times it is very difficult . i hide behind an e mask a lot and it is exhausting . i work in a sj dominate environment witch can be tough . ill be you'r fb friend . i'm a straight infp male :) listening to music a lot ! drinking talking with close friends trying to meet and talk with new people without being too awkward , its fun for me . daydreaming of course driving to no where ... im not sure how to describe it but she was the first one i felt that really understood me . we would talk for hours on end and loved just being around each other , i never felt i had to sensor myself ... infp very unhealthy didn't last long , istj yeah that didn't work , enfp that was a lot of fun but it wasn't going to go any where . enfj who i was head over heals for but she wasn't in the right place ... yes big fan of them as well . i know 3 enfjs and i get along with them all better then any one else . there are not many people i can sit and have 5 + hour conversations and enjoy every minute of it but i can with them . haha awe thanks :P i'm kind of a metalhead . i like most all genres just picky with in them if that makes sense . i like a lot of finnish metal . i love the folkmetal sound that some of them incorporate . ensiferum is ... ive watched and played sports all of my life . im pretty athletic , but as ive grown older the drive for sports and competition is really fading fast for me . there's a lot more out there that i found ... ive been waiting .. my patience is wearing thin ... :P empathetic im constantly playing air guitar and dancing around at work . i work at boeing in an open shop ( fish bowl ) so everyone can see me but i dont give a rats ass , if im feeling it i go with it . at first ... wait ... stop .. shhh ... just shut up for a second ... this is the best part of the song ... ok sorry .. you were saying ? i wouldnt be able to got with out music ... so i chose hearing and sight . i really would be lost with out sight as well . and i want me an enfj female .. i quit about 2 months ago but will still have the occasional smoke when im drinking . all the the girls i have dated have been enfps i love them but it never seems to last very long . ive been talking to another enfp for a bit now and i cant seem to get any where with her its ... i always mistake esfj for enfjs at first ... cause they're easy to talk to and nice .. i recently went out with a couple of them , after a week or so the s really starts to show and i cant handle it . my ... when i was 19 i got a job at a car wash . my third day there it was a 95 + degrees ( i live in seattle so thats freaking hot ) they had me working by myself for 4 hours and it was super busy .. after ... i used to have a hard time with eye contact . i would always avoid looking anyone in the eyes . but for some reason it has changed and i always make sure to make good eye contact . espeacialy people i ... im an infp and i feel this way exactly.on a side note i have had tons of enfp crushes ... you guys are so much damn fun . i get really irritated by fake . i will typically call them out in a passive aggressive way witch isn't good either . it also depends on how well i know them . ive played soccer and basketball all my life , i'm a big sports fan as well in general . seattle , wa , the great north west i know of 3 other confirmed infps all females have yet to come accross another male . yeah me too , alot of the girls ive dated have been scorpios . i typically dont get out of bed on weekends till about noon enless i have something planned . talk to someone first and for most . for what has worked for me . herb , exercise , getting out and socializing as much as i can stand before i have to go back to my thoughts and recharge . writing helps , ... dusk for sure with night as close second constantly , i really wish i could just put all those emotions on the back burner and enjoy life a lil more . everyone at first ... until they bring me conversation :) agreed sounds entp i had an entp friend and your description fits him pretty well . i would say enfj i work with one and i really wish at times i could just start out a conversation with any one like he does . they have a lot of the same views and values as i do now and sometimes ... very good read thank you for posting . well done ive always liked that avatar :) this post makes me want to get more involved with perc ive been a total lurker for to long .. reminds me of this :) why not id love to be a shaman i know one infp female whom im very attracted too . she actually told me to my face one time she was into me . so ive been trying to talk to her , mostly via text . it typically takes her a while just to ... im a huge fan of metal and my other fav would be reggae but it wasnt an option :( '