' this is exactly what happens with me . i should probably grow some balls . wish i could be more like you staceofbass . i always find myself liking my friends . i liked my one friend for probably a year and a half . well i guess it was a crush that progressed to stronger feelings . he says that we had a thing , but it ...  live in a colourful cloud of music with loved ones .. and meet musicians that i worship such as kurt cobain , shannon hoon , jimi hendrix , john lennon . reminisce and smile about times on earth . learn ... i really like you ... as more than a friend . you're so weird . he / she is ugly . ohhh okay hahah that makes more sense . i've tried mdma , though it was with alcohol . i'll have to do some more and fully experience it . but you definitely feel a connection with people while on it ... yeah i know that feeling as well , and i've definitely felt it a lot lately . it's nice to be sort of numb about certain things at times . especially when you they won't leave your mind . when i ...   ... you mean combining ecstasy with mushrooms ? i wouldn't touch e here because it's been quite risky lately , but mdma on the other hand is excellent . though i've heard combining mdma with mushrooms is ... since probably around grade seven , i noticed i became a very socially anxious person . this came up a lot more in grade ten because i went from being in an all girls school from grades 8 and 9 to a ... definitely have a case of the good ol ' social anxiety . it's improved a lot in recent years though . i used to live on the neopets forum back in the day hahah . on personalitycafe , seeing as i'm ... i've never woken up to anything either , i'm not sure if i'd ever be able to go to sleep again if that happened to me . there was one time where i dreamed that i woke up and had the feeling of sleep ... that's weird , it almost sounds like sleep paralysis , except not . i've had sleep paralysis a few times before and that's so scary . that must be sweet to be able to lucid dream a lot though .  this isn't quite a dream , but i thought i should post this here because it did take place in my mind . i tried salvia over the weekend , took a bong rip of 50x so it was really intense . it wasn't ... seeing as we're classified as the dreamers , i was thinking we could use this thread to share some dreams that just seem to stand out from the others to us , whether it be lucid , spiritual , ...  i definitely know the feeling . so many weekends i find myself saying i'm never drinking again or i'm going to quit drinking ! i have crazy bad anxiety on days when i'm hungover , not to mention my ... i'd like to live beneath the dirt where i'd be free from push and shove like all those swarming up above it's not feeling that scares me . feeling nothing but numb has led me to abusing alcohol so i could get my emotions out . the only feeling i'm afraid of i'd have to say , would probably be love . actualized : infp preferred : enfj attraction : infp  i love metal . it is a beautiful , beautiful thing . i'm scared to fall in love , probably my ultimate fear . that , or being alone for the rest of my life . i'm also scared to lose loved ones , though i've been through it before . this is how i feel right now .  needless to say , it is an ... anthony kiedis john frusciante ...   ... you say you love writing songs and capturing global and personal moods and thoughts ? have you ever thought about social work , being a music teacher , or perhaps a musical therapist ? i'm only 19 ... i started smoking weed all the time because it taught me to not give a shit . it completely relaxed me , and i started smoking it all the time . then , it backfired . it seems now i get anxious and ... i can understand where you're coming from . this one girl i know , her and i are pretty good friends . i told her what my personality type is , and asked her to take the meyers briggs test , and so she ... haha if only it were that simple .. you should give me tips : wink : : tongue : just curious . when they think everything has a formula to it . for example , i like an intp . but he believes that only introverts and extroverts work . so therefore , he would probably never give me a chance . shit ... i still have feelings for an estp and he won't say a word to me . it sucks . :( but , while we were together it was kind of a mess , but that was because of shitty communication and lack of trust . ... she may have acted more as a friend towards the end because the alcohol wore off ? she's obviously interested and you are too , so don't let this set you off . when i like someone i get nervous ... thankyou guys for your input .. def appreciated :) blow , it's amazing . when , where , and how were you introduced to metal ? i don't even remember , a long time ago . but i was introduced to tool in grade 11 , and between the buried and me in grade 12 i think . what is your ... ænema - tool between the buried and me - croakies and boatshoes / selkies : the endless obsession daaamn , you just made me want spaghetti with all of my being . this may sound like a stupid question , but i'm just trying to get some perspective . also , if you wouldn't give it another shot with that person you got over ( and it didn't end on such a great note ) ... i'm actually soo glad you posted this . i've been soo nervous i might be slightly bipolar or something , due to my constant feelings of highs and lows . glad to know i'm not the only one ! i most often wear jeans with $ 5 grandpa sweaters or plaid shirts .. gotta love value village :) i never wear skirts or dresses unless i have to for certain occasions , they make me feel naked ahah . soberly , i have trouble initiating romantic physical contact , i usually don't . i'm just self conscious or feel awkward , if i like the person in that way . if i don't find the person intimidating ... '