' click the link below . you'll be glad you did . creative mom turns her baby ’ s naptime into dream adventures | bored panda everyone has add or adhd to some extent . most people that point out flaws in individuals usually are suffering from some form of insecurity themselves . i'm human , and every now and then yes it does pop into my mind , but i immediately make ... online bravado is hardly equivalent to the persona you meet in real life . if i were you , if you don't know who he is , i would suggest the best course is to ' tread lightly '  since i plan on joining the marine corps i've been running at least three to four times a week . i've been athletic my whole life but never ran exclusively , wish i started earlier . i feel horrible for laughing at this ... before you can make others comfortable , you need to be comfortable with yourself . i personally know introverts that can light up a room , and command presence better than any extrovert . just don't try ...  cliffs of thread ? being lazy , but i'm also a tad bit curious as to why this thread is over 25 pages . what's the ftd tactic ? to add to the thread : definitely ask her out in person . show me a person that believes money can buy happiness and i'll show you a very shallow person . currently with an isfj . we're very different yet very similar at the same time . they're not even close to being the same thing . shyness is when there is a willingness to communicate , but hesitation because of apprehension , rejection , fear .. etc introversion is present when ... only an entp can get away with making an thread like this . especially on an infj forum . they call us the protectors for a reason . to answer your original question of course you are allowed to have your own opinion but that doesn't mean that : a ) they can't have their own opinion . b ) they have to accept yours . i hear ... in a perfect world you need both . if i had to pick one though ; justice . i would rather have a world that respects laws and operate in fear of consequences than people that know simply asking for ... joining the marine corps this october . i am very good with money . i know and fully understand the value of the dollar . for all the weaknesses listed by an infj not being good with money is one i completely disagree with . my pain is resource and a weapon that motivates me to defend the weak and to slay evil . exceptionally corny , but it's true . i can't stand to see people suffer . i'm thinking an e / intp . he's extremely gifted , yet has no interest in putting them into practical use . he just takes life as it comes . occ . it's 10 weeks long , but far harder to get into than plc . if you are considering marine officer program i highly recommend you go through plc . it's funny you say that , because i , an nf just came back from officer candidate school , and must go back this october due to injury . if you have any direct questions about the course feel free to ... just because the relationship is over , it doesn't mean he's not thinking about you . it's difficult to get over a relationship because we tend to pour our heart and soul into it . he's not over ... we all do to a certain extent . i just do not allow my ignorance to be the final say in what i think of someone . i remind myself that i do not that person's full story as to how they got where are ... why are you looking for signs ? his friend already told you he likes you . signs don't get much bigger than that . i understand . both of you are young . he's shy and doesn't know how or probably is ... i smell sarcasm from the original post . : laughing : just because jesus shared a personality type with someone does not make that person greater than another human being . jesus definitely had a personality type . i say this because he shared ... it's okay . got a great laugh out of it . can someone explain why the one guy help set the other guy free , then took him back to the captors and blamed him for killing the captors ? i know it's cryptic but that's easily the most confusing ... why wouldn't there be ? to make the assumption that all infps ( or another personality type ) can't be alpha or must be beta is too far-fetched . not all infps think or act alike so of course it ... my reasoning is simple : i can't imagine a world more * * * ed up than what it is right now if women were in charge . the problem lies with the social behavior of men and women . we ( men ) are ...  ... i'm going to offer you a man's perspective on this . excuse me if i don't sound politically correct , but i am taking the gloves off on this one . a sexy picture or outfit will attract any man , but ... well it's very difficult to determine in this situation because we are lacking the facts ( which of course i completely understand ) . as someone already mentioned , forgiveness is about within and ... expecting people to treat me the same as i treat them . '