' oh boy - started this thread a while back , just logged in for the first time in a year or so to see how things were - didn't expect this thread to be so popular ! i conclude she is probably an isfp , ... so , we are known for being kind , reserved , sometimes passive ... but are infps sassy ? especially when it comes to authority figures ? i've noticed how passionately sassy / rebellious i get with school ... i think this is pretty interesting ! i got isfp this summer i've had the opportunity to travel a different country and fall in love . well i didn't exactly fall in love .. but i was close . i loved his sense of humor and oh man , how sweet he was , and ... what do they do / do they usually act upon it ? are they more inclined to be shy or subtle about missing someone , or very forward ? it seems like you guys are very direct about feelings and i wanted to ... since overcoming my depression , i'm way more confident . in fact , i don't take other people's shit any more . i'm tired of being put on the sidelines , kept out of the loop , only visible when i am ... i know what you mean .. if i'm with a larger group of friends , and comfortable i can be the loudest one in the room , the one who makes everyone laugh . but sometimes i'm in a mood where no matter what i ... i have lucid dreams all the time ! they were more frequent when i was younger though . most of them include doing flips in the air , flying over bodies of water , and talking to / doing things with people ... yeah i think isfp / j would fit her better , actually . she is really concerned with the aesthetics of everything , more so than the meaning behind the images . maybe i find deeper meaning in her songs ...  i was wondering for a ... i always thought florence was an enfp ? she has a new music video out for never let me go :) it's probably my favorite off her latest album . because i'm lonely and i love you all and the more i visit this forum , the more i long for an enfj friend : blushed : when you have such an immediate , deep connection with someone it's so easy to rush into things . you are both so passionate for one another , but i'd say just make sure you really know him before you ... i have been in the same situation before ! within a few weeks of meeting each other he wanted to know everything about me .. he told me he was falling for me within like a week . and at night , he would ... when you're falling into a negative spiral how do you identify it ? how do you get out of it ? i'm retreating into myself , further and further , and i don't know how to handle it . i'm falling into my ... i really would love to just slip off of the earth for a little while . i'm attracted to musical , caring , deep extroverts with amazing senses of humor .. well , in other words , enfjs :) you are the funny one you have a flamboyant personality , and part of that is being a natural comic . you are very observant , and you always have a joke ready for every person and occasion . the ... i actually like being called sweet more than nice ... to me sweetness is more innate and being nice is just kind of a front or generic term .. anyone can be nice i guess , but sweetness is more in your ... “ holding people away from you , and denying yourself love , that doesn ’ t make you strong . if anything , it makes you weaker . because you ’ re doing it out of fear . ” i'm so guilty of this it hurts .. i had an obsession with babies as a child . and miniature things . small figurines , fairies , baby dolls , dollhouse furniture . the smaller the better . i have a few questions : what is the most painful feeling to you ? how do you heal the wounds of your own past mistakes ? what would cause you to be shy or really quiet around someone ? i'm annoyed by people so much lately , and i'm not sure if i'm just more aware of their flaws and masks or if i'm just projecting my own insecurity onto others .. it's like i have this grudge against ... i should probably stop excluding myself from every thing , but sometimes i don't know how . ethylester that sounds like her ! she has had so many genuinely nice guys fall for her , it upsets me .. she used to have a favorite person of the day so she could hear all these guys fighting over ... there's this girl in my class i used to be friends with who is extremely manipulative , socially . she's always friendly with everyone , basically outwardly extremely charismatic . but inside , she is a ... i'm having trouble looking forward to things . i want to be passionate about something , but i don't know what . i feel really uninvolved in life right now .. i have a speech to say on sunday ... in front of 200 people .. gahhh ! i don't even know what to write . today i was registering for school and when it was my turn to pick up my schedule i had to repeat my last name at least five times until the lady could hear me . i didn't think i was being that quiet ... i definitely know how you feel ! i posted something about this in the confession thread recently . i think a lot of people tend to dwell on their mistakes , but i've always felt it was harder for me , ... i feel so sad that i can never forgive myself for anything . on the surface , i can just let it go but it's like deep down , there's a constant , secret shame that doesn't leave . ! lately , the idea of falling in love or meeting a potential soulmate is pretty much the only motivation i have for leaving the house . how can i stop wanting things i already have ? it's like i'm constantly trying to find ways to make myself sad . yallredyno ahhh i love black dynamite ! ! ! i picked it out at my friends house on demand because i thought it would be something we could make fun of together , but we had no idea how hilarious it ... blah i hate facebook . it reminds me of the lack of social life i have . i really don't think of it as a disorder : mellow : though i guess anything can really be labeled a disorder depending on how much it negatively affects a person's life .. i think it's different for ... 16 , like many on here . same here ! i look down to my left side while i'm pacing ... sometimes i hold stuff in my hand , like sunglasses or pens or something . it's a little strange : unsure : yes , it becomes very intense for me sometimes , to the point where i forget about my surroundings completely . my mom could walk in and i'd be to totally oblivious to her and whatever she's trying to ... i'm curious to see how many people here are maladaptive daydreamers ? if you don't know what it is ... maladaptive daydreaming - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia explains it . i was really shocked and ... i don't know if this will make sense ... but lately i just feel like , really to myself / intensely private . and i've always been like this , but it's like i just keep thinking about it . my sister's ... ohh yes ... i get called cute and adorable all the time . like other people have mentioned , i think it's the combination of our mannerisms , appearance and disposition as a whole that give off that ... when i was 7 , this boy i liked came over to my house and we played house in the basement . i was the mom and he was the dad and we had a few baby dolls as our children haha . i don't remember how , ... i always feel horrible when people think i'm better than i really am . and then i have to reflect on why i'm not good enough and i end up being even more disappointed with myself than they are with me . quiet , nice , shy , funny , mellow , high , innocent , cute , mysterious , emo . really , i've heard it all , nothing really surprises me anymore , now i just find it interesting . i don't rely on people's ... aww , thank you ! : happy : '