' black is my favorite ergo proxy and hell girl . yea ... kinda low expectations ... but thats okay . its just more that i can prove you to be wrong about . i like your take on it expressive girl i took stuff to help me when i was numb of feelings . i ended up curled into a ball crying on chirstmas day ... so i had to stop that . ive taken stuff to help me lift my spirits and just keep ... spontaneously combusted i work full time and school part time . dont take that route . i would go with full time student . it helps you build relationships , sense of self , you actually learn what your studying and its a time ... i love them all ! you are awesome . i really like the first three ... : happy : i wanted to know if anyone else felt the same way i did . i dont always see things the way everyone else does ... need anymore clarification on me making a statement ? for the most part lance . its cool that you have sections and seperating different topic areas ... its just too many creates just as much confusion as not enough ... as far as my spelling issues i ... idk you tell me ... you have alot of different areas for topics . i do not think more is needed ... im the freaky dressed cousin that goes to church all the time . only one family member ever invites me tot he reunion but i rarely go . everyones always like arent you so and so kid ... and then ... wow . thats awesome . im always for who ever can be the best parent . i hope that this battle is just for that and not the other person losing ... in this case yes . she had six children six ! it just floors me that this lady would even want one more . i grew up in a house of five and that is no picnic 14 is going to be living in a hell like ... i read the comic book and it was amazing ! im scared to watch the movie but am also very excited to see how they handled - the comic book that could never be filmed . i wonder if that is for all depression ... ah . well my f self was just confused . lol . its cool . this is fun to read . i am enjoying looking at some of the stuff some of you listen to is amused yet wonders why the outliers are labeled . lol . dressed like a victorian vampire i smile in the corner . by the chocolate fountain . ( touch it ill cut you ) i broke up with him . for a year and half he just started making choices that were more for him and not us . i begged him to change . i was like you have me this is how you keep me . he had other ... they lived in a small town . they knew about each other their entire lives but didnt start talking until highschool . they started dating and nine months were married . still together . thank you so ... i am now single . i have not been in three years . he was my first boyfriend / real relationship . if you could give any advice on moving forward it would be appreciated . also if you could describe ... i believe the art of pole dancing would take a steep decline ... i know a man who dresses the way his wife wants him to just for pure lack of wanting to go out and buy cloths . his thoughts are she is out there cloths shopping anyway . why not let her find ... do you have an opinion on this ? lol . fun ... ... i will be purchasing an indoor garden . its kind of like a huge closet that has its own sun source and water system . i just have to rotate things accordinly . i do not have alot of good land to grow ... lol ! ! ! funny for once i can say that was a typo .. not my failure in poor spelling lol ! it is an attention getter . and i want a brownie ... and why ? ... i tend to do it for two reasons : someone says something that i could not have said better myself someone says something kind or was needed the bi-racial comment got me to giggle . : tongue : sifr and snail you are beautiful ! i think the pen test gives it a sense of realness . on the internet im just clicking buttons . i think i am learning how to help myself . this place is just an encouragement when i drop little pieces of struggles or happiness . it feels good to have someone on the other end of the computer ... my co-workers always think i am upset . it gets old . they go out of their way to not talk to me . but the thing is to be fair i have not attempted to reach out to them in a friendly manner . its a ... hey welcome my parents gandhi my pastor my two mentors my friends dan mike and katherine my friends in the mission field i try not to let my enemies know im there enemies . unless there online . then i dont really care . i have been diagnosed with self destructive behavioral issues . ive hated life and everyone in it . ive waken up in the morning hoping i would find the strength to jump in front of the bus as it drove ... hello happy that you are here my grandmother never passed the fourth grade . i know it sounds korny but it was from her heart and it was a wonderful compliment . lol . whenever you lay your head down for a period of hopefully eight hours of quiet rest . im happy you have standards . : happy : any advice on getting to bed easier ? is there a certain way your room or bedding has to be before you can fall asleep ? any certain rituals before going to bed ? have you ever had problems trying to ... before you start dating someone is there a certain set of questions that have to be answered before you decied to start going steady ? i believe there is something in you that is great and if you choose to let it grow you will be able to do great things . you have an amazing smile . '