' hey ! don't no me : shocked : infp aren't the most hated type at all , i've read some post in the past where people were annoyed by infps but that's all . on the other hand , i noticed a pattern with infps and it's gets on my ... i failed : unsure : i hate enfjs because they are hypocrite ( they can't help it but being polite in front of someone they don't like and once the person is gone , they unleash their hate and talk shit about this person ... only if they are both on the same page . these are cognitive function in which the mbti theory revolve around . the mbti vulgarized and synthetized the work of carl gustav jung from his book personality type where he describes 8 cognitive ... what i said ( the first sentence ) , i red it from the chapter 10 from personality type by c . g jung and i kind of agree with it . you are problably the counter example of this . strong fi dom have no interest to affect others , influence or change them in any way . they keep their views , beliefs , feeling to themselves most of the time and reveal it to people who think are ... i don't really follow what are the components in which you think some xnfp are mistaking with xntp . can you be more precise ? it is because they mixed personal opinion with fact ? what is fi for you ... as a male infp , the best suitable match for me is either xnfp or xsfp types from my experience not from a theory view point . i can't be in a long term relationship with fe users , fe dom mostly , ... j and p are attitudes that one choose in order to organize his life and it's a strategy to cope with external factors . you can be reactive to situations as a p or proactive to situations as a j . i ... this infp is a shitty friend , it's the type of guy who vanish after getting a girlfriend . cut him off ! i already knew the test , i like the interface and i find the questions more enjoyable than other tests . i find the catagorization of each type with a concept interesting ( humanity for infj , intimacy ... live it or leave it . i saw the pool and red the comments and the majority who voted for 8s are females . they are attract to domineering male , so you know reality is sexist . lady pirate look like an infj type 6 behavior under stress : laughing : . concretely infjs are everything and nothing in the same time . the problem is when you use contradiction to define something , you get even more lost to understand it because it's illogical ( a is true ... introspection is one big ass advantage by my book everyone can take deliberate step , i don't think that depends on enneagram that much . what you have to keep up in mind is the fuel of 8 is anger and the fuel of 6 is fear . the cp 6 will confronts ... that's make sense to me , yeah going by cognitive functions , entj fits you better . you are probably in the middle of the scale between introvert and extrovert that's why you have struggle identifying ... agreed , if i were an enneagram 6 i would be offended to get mixed up with enneagram 8 . soft.cynosure are you talking about counterphobic 6 ? i could see the similarity between this one and 8 . i ... i would say intj personally from what you said . why you think your auxiliary and tertiary function are ni and se ? as others state , if you want to be fixed about the situation , ask her directly rather than pondering potential possibilities and asking us what we think about it , we can't give you much than the ... whishful thinking ! how do you determine that someone is charismatic in the first place ? for me this notion seems pretty subjective to me and lies in the eyes of the beholder , you can find a person ... elduria so the person is an entp , what a surprise : laughing : . i'd like to just point out that emotions are logical because they are consistent according to our beliefs . emotions give you the right response that comes from your personal belief , expectations , ... entps have a very weak fi so they don't understand fi dom . when they talk negatively about fi dom , it's just the projection of their own underdeveloped fi . like fi dom take everything personally , ... is that person a member of the forum ? if i were you i would give a name , i wouldn't care if the guy become a target afterwards like a scapegoating because the guy has to take some responsabilities ... the last movie i watched is guardian of the galaxy 2 and i didn't really like the movie . personally i find it boring , i was disappointed compared to the first one . the plot can be sum up as a guy who ... double post : rolleyes : of course you can't prevent certain people to feel jealous about you but you can act upon to reduce it a lot . first by not displaying how successfull you are to other people . some people have an ... stablesun 35 i'm not pissed , this is your own assumption . i'm however annoyed by people who used the concept of white male privilege because it's false and ironically sexist . it's a joke given that ... you surely believe in this white male privilege bullshit . well i feel the same way as you but the other way around , when it's about feminism . concerning the channel school of life , i've seen a lot ... logic is the ability to construct a correct reasoning . although logic existed way before aristotle , he was the one who formulate the basis of logic with his theory of syllogism which is a logical ... like you said in contrast , ti users will debate in circles using internal logical frameworks and claim superiority without any objective standards to reference . and their logic and words may be ... argumentum ad verecundiam , basically your argument is based on authority which can be fallacious . even someone who is known to be an expert on his area must prove his contention like everybody else ... socionics have a theory about groups of types who share the same cognitive functions , you can check out the link to know more about it : socionics quadras going by what you said , you are implying the negative aspect of daydreaming in infps , dreaming in a fantasy world to escape reality . and the positive one to inxjs , involving thoughts and recall ... i said that a colour can hold mutiples meaning depending of the culture , person , etc ... my favorite colour is red ( scarlet and lust one ) because it brings strong emotions and energy in me , though the symbolism of this colour is about intense and strong emotions like passion , lust . i ... i don't see any distrust to the infps , in contrary in what i've read infps are generally liked by others . it's the estjs and esfjs that receive the most hate , mainly estj though . because it was only meant for children , to compare if a child has the same academical abilities than the general children of the same age or if he had more difficulty ( like if a child of 12 years old ... . yes i know alfred binet and theodore simon were the first to create such test and it was not a result with a number but with age , but now it's used to detect people who have high iq , thanks to david ... the red spirit the problem with iq is that people who created it have made the presumption to measure intelligence even if we don't have a definite definition of what intelligence is . does anybody ... moses is that you ? 654130 i think he is a genuis because everybody misunderstand him and what he wants to convey . jk , what i'm sure of is that he has a fascination for infj . 653418 i would choice time travel as a superpower , it will be my first choice . i could come back in the past to change my actions and decisions that didn't work the way i wanted . i could explore every ... wisteria about special snowflake syndrome , the way i see it is infps are officially known to be one whereas infjs are the unofficially one : laughing : . '