' negotiation style .. hm .. i'm not at all manipulative and i'm terrible at understanding or connecting with people emotionally . usually i get what i want because i'm relentless . if i want to understand ... well .. since this thread was resurrected ... on the first page i mentioned an intj ? we've been together more than 6 months now and i love it . i'm not sure i would necessarily recommend an intj / estj ... sorry that wasn't clear . just that ... that happens to me all the time . all . the . time . and i didn't realize that was a thing . never connected that . like .. recognizing actors . if i know i've seen ... father : intp mother : entj me : estj sister : enfp i do not get my mother at all . my father and i have a lot more in common and understand each other better . this is an actual thing ! ? ? i definitely do not sometimes think i am a feeler . it is by far one of my stronger traits . reinforced by my nt parents ( intp and entj ) . if you meant point as in preference , probably j , though i ... fe is the one function i still feel very shaky on in my understanding of . it feels like this huge gap in my knowledge . i have read countless descriptions of it , read articles about it , asked for ... i've found the tertiary to be the most elusive , most difficult to spot , and least developed of the functions . dom and aux essentially make up how you think . inferior stands in direct contrast to your ... hahahahaha no . i love istjs . don't get me wrong . i know 3 that are some of my best friends in the world . in fact , i was just maid of honor at a wedding for one of them . so i have a great ... boy , isn't that the truth . first off , estjs do not actually feature prominently in most movies or shows . generally , it's random side characters with those qualities that everyone decides must be an ... emberfly 1 . do you find that you are very task-oriented and love checking off items on your to-do list ? yes ! a thousand times yes . 2 . do you feel a sense of accomplishment and job-well-done ... i wrote a post about this a while back . feel free to read through it . i would be more than willing to answer any ... pilot : how long have you had them ? the same thing happened in my family . my sister and i won goldfish and my parents ended up buying a tank and filters and water treatments and all sorts of stuff ... dated an intp for a while . currently with an intj , and it's amazing . =) goals for the summer : - do well at my internship and learn a lot - learn to cook - read ( i have a rather large reading list . i know already i won't make it through the whole thing . i just want to ... ok .. just throwing out a guess ... aside : i hate doing this because i don't know you , so i feel like i would need to observe you and interact with you to pick up on what i call triggers . ( it's ... define play . i have an account . and i would like to learn the game . i just haven't had time being in college and all . my boyfriend is very into the game . he's an intj and prefers support , if ... it's ok . i'm not a fan of isfps either . honestly , i feel like the estj would need to be incredibly mature and have a well-developed feeling side to get along with a feeler at all . i've mostly seen ... i'm going to be finishing up projects and studying for exams myself . - _ - so i feel your pain . this puts me just over the line into the secure quadrant . well ... by this definition , i can name several ways in which i am not the stereotypical estj . 1 . i am so * not * sporty it's laughable . i am a programmer . my dad is a programmer . my whole family has ... wow . the estjs crawl out of the woodworks when you start a clubhouse . so far , i am in agreement . this fits with everyone i know of those types . this is where i'm no longer sure i agree . i have a few questions and a comment : why candor for infj ? why erudite ... oh my goodness . yes , please . there are more verses to the calvin and hobbes password . just replace all instances of tiger with estj . that is brilliant . i'm totally cool with this . =D 31114 first thing i thought of was the password to calvin and hobbes ' clubhouse . my first real crush ( in middle school and high school ) was an esfp . i simultaneously find se incredibly attractive and unbelievably annoying . i'm generally initially attracted until the se / fi ... i'm not sure i would say fe is best at comforting . the best person i have ever known at comforting people is my sister ( enfp ) . she always seems to know what the appropriate response is in any ... dad : intp mom : entj me : estj sis : enfp we have an interesting family dynamic . my dad is actually surprisingly particular about things for an intp . he likes things to run a certain way . and he's ... i'm an estj , but i'm borderline on e / i . my closest friends are 2 intjs , an istp , and 3 istjs . one of the intjs is my boyfriend . one is my cousin . she's practically my sister . she's the closest ... i have 3 estj male friends . 1 comes across as fitting into the stereotype of pretty boy . he's a programmer with interests in audio / video , graphic design . he's more the stay at home or lounge at ... me : estj boyfriend : intj we'd been best friends for about 2 years before entering into a relationship . the length of the friendship was not my decision . i knew i loved him after about 6-7 months , ... i'm wondering how improving efficiency and figuring out how to make things work is ne not te ? wow . that's a deep and complicated question that is based on much more than type . i mean ... individual personalities , background , experience , family , friends ... that said , my biggest two are fear ... like : - intelligence : this is huge for me . i'm a programmer . i interact with those types of people more than basically anyone else . and i love it . i love the minds that analyze and see things and fix ... honestly , flirting for me is just being incredibly open and honest . like .. if i'm being serious with you and letting you into parts of my life that it sounds like i wouldn't be talking to just ... kanren so far everything you have said makes perfect sense . my dad is intp and my mom is entj . i am an estj , my ex is an intp , and my boyfriend is an intj . and this is basically how it goes . ... i joined because i'm fascinated with mbti and have spent hours upon hours researching and applying my findings ? i would consider myself pretty well-versed , and it has helped me in so many of my ... first i would like to say i find it incredibly annoying that every single time someone posts on here asking for help interacting with an estj , that everyone automatically assumes the estj must just ... it has been a long time since i have taken a test , but i get 6 more often than 1 . i'm pretty sure i disagree , though . i'm most likely a 1 , but i could be 6 . i've spent a lot of time reading about both . theoden is definitely istj . but i'm going to argue estj for hermoine . i have several istj friends . they can't be that confrontational generally . they're not nearly as outspoken as hermoine is ... what makes you think dolores umbridge and vernon dursley are estjs ? it's not that i don't think you can be fun ? i think you are . as i mentioned , i mostly just struggle with how to relate / befriend . i had an infp roommate once , and i really liked her , but i didn't know ... i have two female intjs in my family alone ... but then , there seem to be a huge percentage of nts in my family to begin with . i also know at least one intj female from college , possibly 2 ( i'm not ... i don't think i can group all nps ? i love enfps . my sister is one . they're fun , deep , sweet , etc . i like infps , but i watch from a distance and smile at their cute-ness . i don't know how to ... i mostly agree with epicyclic , except i think you should definitely include your reasoning . explain to him why . he might be confused at having received a seeming green light and then you telling him ... your type : estj infp : they're cute , and i like them , but i have no idea how to express this . i'm just completely at a loss for words or what to do around them . i don't want to be offensive , ... yes ! absolutely ! do this . i mean , the first thing i think through before presenting an idea is all the details required and possible problems / how to overcome them . i always feel like i have to be ... i don't actually have any new year's resolutions . but i would be very interested to hear how that works out for you . i feel like every time i try too much to be spontaneous and whatever , everything ... i don't think the point of using jesus as a role model is to become an immortal god-like being . what we are meant to imitate is his character . and i think , in terms of character , it is pointless to ... '