' i do that too . i used to have these grand plans of what i would be like and i worked really hard to become that person . time passed and i'm just still the same old me , not what i promised myself i ... hahah you clearly don't want to get poisoned when you're home alone and there's no one to save you .. i cannot relax if i can see open doors or cupboards , they actively disturb me . i donx 92t ... asura , i've never heard of anyone that would have that sort of internalized world ( except for fictional characters of course ) . i just sometimes think about social situations using a 3d clock that ... controlling or influencing someone in a way that they would find offensive if they were aware of it . the person does not know you're intending to affect their actions / opinions . being able to ... i know , i was just trying to be funny and have a bit lighter end to my post xd i know my sense of humor is shitty and sarcasm isn't as obvious as you can't hear my tone etc . but yeah , shitty life ... if you're going for the change option , do it properly . write a list of what kind of people you admire / envy / respect and what they do with their life . what they eat , what kind of movies they like , what ... the worst is when you start watching a horror movie and it seems really good , and then they add some supernatural crap that just ruins it . i've actually seen just a couple of horror movies i ... computer games like civ , sims , cities : skylines - typical cheerleading - probably the least typical intj hobby there is cats - all smart people love cats and intjs are smart so math ( especially ... you sum it up perfectly never mind . just rewatched it after five years and it definitely isn't worth recommending . there are like two good scenes in the whole movie and the plot is explained multiple times , which is very ... everyone can see that nature is beautiful , but not everyone can appreciate its beauty - they need a little push to the right direction to really see and feel what some notice with a first glance . i ... according to my best friend i'm a proper intj when i have my drunk angsty phase on ( comes usually after 3-4 drinks , goes away as i drink more ) . i usually seclude myself or take a good friend with me ... istj & entj i come off as an extravert ( very few of my friends type me as an introvert ) and sometimes i get a little impatient with people / want things done and my te is pretty noticeable . i also ... in order from the best to excellent . the very best ones ( you won't regret watching these ): millennium series ( the swedish version , i love these so much ) forrest gump ( one of the few movies that ... this thread is inspired by a car trip with an esfj through her home country . i enjoy pretty much all kinds of music , but then there are always some songs that just make me feel like crying or ... welcome to the world of fake fe . makes one's life a lot easier . saying that would be just cruel . i would tell them i like more fit bodies and offer to exercise with them if they are bothered by the way they look and actually want to do something about it . then i ... i have pretty much the same : fi determines what are my goals / what i want / what is important and i use te to figure a way to make stuff happen ( ni helps with both ) . unfortunately that's not the ... avoid the ni-fi loop really ? you must be talented . i too was a very extraverted child , i used to have a best friend or two and switch them when i got bored ( every few months ) . i was very bossy , outgoing and loud and ... yes ! it usually goes like this : i'm actually interested in the topic -> i get excited -> i tell what i think and why ( nowadays i tend to skip this step , since people seem reluctant to present any ... according to my esfj friend my motto should be hey guys , can we do so that .. ? which isn't even grammatically correct ( it makes sense when you translate it into finnish but like that it's just ... i'd rather listen to the advice my friends give me , then i can actually assess the value of the advice and the significance i should give to it . 8 . ' don ’ t be so cynical . try to access that ... the laziest & stupidest thing i've ever done : didn't bother to study properly for a final exam even the day before but watched netflix instead . it's not like a couple hours revision is going to ... so me and my entp friend draculaoverlord went to a halloween party and took some selfies to capture the fab intertextual reference we wrote on the wall with a lipstick . it turned out that the phone ... lol that's me in every picture always :D and this one isn't even so bad since i wasn't aware my friend was taking a pic , i hate taking pictures and especially selfies with friends because my ... i know three infps . 1 . a guy who is my friend's sister's ex and lives in a neighbor country . he visits his dad here every now and then and we used to meet and go party and then sleep at my place ... i've experienced something similar . if you're not interested in reading the novel version of this post , you can skip the next three paragraphs . i actually get kind of depressed for 2-5 months ... istj , my mother is one . in 4 out of 5 times i see her she speaks in a tight voice , gives only one word answers and snaps at everything and everyone and when i ask her why she is being so grumpy , the ... i think your attitude is dangerous and maybe you should reconsider it ( look i'm criticizing you ) . no one is objective when it comes to oneself and it's foolish to think so . obviously , other people's ... thank you so much for posting this ! i have this isfj friend and we're pretty close . however , i have to be in a certain mood to enjoy her company and i can't take it for too long periods of time ... i can fully relate to this ! i always thought my inability to remember what exactly happened was because my si is so undeveloped . i remember well what people and situations made me feel and think , but ... i just spent about two hours on obsessing about my jewelry and organizing it . here's the result . oh and in case you were wondering , the paper ... these are the main ways i use ni in everyday life ( or at least what i think ni is , the descriptions tend to be quite hard to understand ) . i find it easy to put myself in another person's ... i have this horrible ixfp roommate who likes me but is just hopeless ( i live in a cheap student apartment so there's really no way to choose who i'm living with ) . last time i asked her to clean up ... this pic was taken in the summer when i actually had enough fun to smile even if it was a bit awkward . but then again my smiles are always awkward .. ... yes . in addition to obvious the five lives vs . one argument , the villain intends to kill five other people , so his death shouldn't be such a great loss to the society . and he should know that ... me and draculaoverlord were bored and wrote down some type interactions we find amusing . most of them include us ( intj & entp ) and thus it makes sense to post these in the nt forum . note that some ... this applies to me too when it's not a good friend in question ( but i typically just feel like slapping them ) . for example we have this one isfj girl in our class who pretends to be really sweet and ... lies , lies , lies ... waiting for an introvert to tell their opinion is just as useful as waiting for porifera to do so . if i were an intp i wouldn't preach extraverts about communication and talking since that's something you have only read about . well my classmates see me as warm and bubbly , but when they've done the test for me they usually get estj ( which really pisses me off ) , entp and intj . one of my friends even got esfp which i really ... so you decided to ignore rest of my message ? this incapability comes apparent in social interactions but is not caused by them . because no one can see inside another's mind so in order to know what ... the study of the psychopath reveals an individual who is incapable of feeling guilt , remorse or empathy for their actions . they are generally cunning , manipulative and know the difference between ... entjs are identified as psychopaths based on their interaction with other people . the reason intps are not as often diagnosed with this condition is the fact that no one has been able to gather such ... well , i don't know how you entps raise puppies , but i have a hard time imagining a dog trained by an entj pissing on my precious 23 000 e office carpet when i turn my back . and most of entps are ... everyone who bonds with people better than porifera . but i guess intps cannot quite see the difference between extraverts and carnivores so no wonder you are scared . we understand . but don't worry , ... oh , it's pretty simple actually . just nod and smile every half an hour and entps will be moved by the attention . kind of like puppies , absolutely adorable . smell typically a bit less though but there ... no , but i don't need such a limited function to pollute my mind . another reason why we entjs have you entps as our minions . no , not blood . i have a storage of porifera just for intps : they need it after they finally gather enough courage to attend a party and throw up due to being surrounded by so many actual ( note : not ... '