' you thought you're not from this world ? that's probably because you're not . but don't worry - - none of us are from this world , either . welcome , gaspar . rend the sky and smite the earth * potential name for an album * every other word is capitalized you , sir , are awesome . this made my day . google sanmite and ovation along with the word miticide . i was spraying these pesticides at 400 psi , so i had to be protected . i'm normally in jeans and a t-shirt , but funny chemicals call for ... 41639 it was about 91 * f ( 33 * c ) in the greenhouse . that was not a fun afternoon . thank you to everyone who has voted and posted ! at 22 yes : 1 no , i conclude that there is correlation between the infp type and intruding thoughts . this confirmed a suspicion of mine . bigtailjay's thread about creepy imagination gave me the idea . to the best of my knowledge , people who suffer this are barraged by spontaneous thoughts that are sexual , violent , blasphemous , or ... when i was younger , my parent replaced the tile in the bathroom . there's one tile in particular that i always thought looked like a woman . this woman also looks a lot like my wife , down to how the ... this thread hasn't been touched in a while , but i thought of it while reading the fountainhead , by ayn rand . the main villain , ellsworth monkton toohey , i think could definitely be inf - - as for ... ^ absolutely these ! my neighbor totoro , secondhand lions , pride and prejudice , because of winn-dixie , man on fire , the count of monte cristo if you watch all six episodes of flcl in one go , it's ... i totally relate with what you say here . i had to do that once . thankfully , i've learned to spot advantage-takers early on . what branch of the military are you going into ? no matter which one , you're probably going to get very familiar with your extraverted thinking . refugee , you're the first infp i've seen who listens to stuff that i do . december is a great song ; i've always like the dual melodies at the end . ... absolutely this . my istj wife and i do this . we don't always make sense to each other , but we each recognize that the other has a completely different way of thinking about things . the funny thing , ... definitely live forever . you get more memories that way ! 40457 tanuchiro , azumanga daioh ! is probably my favorite manga . good taste ! on subject : i have been married to my istj wife for almost three years now . i couldn't imagine my life without her ; she ... my istj father is quiet , tactful , honest , and good-hearted . i only remember seeing him lose his temper once ; he was otherwise always calm and in control of the situation . he never lied or even bent ... my father is an istj ; he is my best role model for what a husband , father , and man should be ( second only to jesus ) . my wife is an istj . i am constantly impressed by her focus and drive and i love ... la li lu le lo , i have also been compared to a lost puppy , also not to be cute . sucked . i believe that pascal said , the more people i meet , the more i love my dog . i am inclined to agree with ... case in point . on that particular day , it was the thrips - and aphid-warfare department . i work in a greenhouse . if you want to know what kind of stuff goes on the plants you buy in big box stores , look up ... 39828 i posted this in another forum . yes , this can be a typical day at work . i have a metabolism like a space shuttle gyroscope . my family tells me that it'll pass with age , but i hope not . i like to eat . the downsides are that i'm pretty much never quite full and my grocery ... dunno . never been drunk . actually , i've never consumed an alcoholic beverage . i did od on cough syrup once when i was 7 . i got really happy and goofy , then i fell asleep . once . i've been forced into learning spanish by working in agriculture , and it's been fun . i learned the bulk of it from mexicans from the state of guanajuato , and i've been told by mexicans from other ... there's a pretty big lunch room at the greenhouse where i work . if the general labor is taking lunch at the same time as me , i'll eat somewhere else ( it gets crowded ) , but if it's just the growing ... hungry . imma go cook some fish . my wife was my next-door neighbor in the dorms at our college back in 2006 . we fell into the same circle of friends and quickly saw that we both hung back and watched the others instead of joining in ... dude . i get this a lot , usually starting with i don't know why i'm telling you this , but . . .. or at least i used to . people , especially complete strangers , would tell me about their hardships ... um , 43 . middle-of-the-road average . am i a callous infp ? when i was a kid , there was one summer when i spent about three weeks with my grandparents . they lived about a thousand feet away from a small thicket of pine trees , maybe five hundred feet long ... i just started the second track and it's fun . never heard this album before ! youtube has been getting more and more traffic from ... nope . after college , i spent about three weeks with my mom and dad before my move-in date at my first apartment . first job started up a week later , and i was living on my own ( until i got married , ... multiple plans : 1 . move into the middle of nowhere and engage in sustenance farming 2 . overseas missions 3 . be a studio drummer somewhere 4 . ? ? ? 5 . profit ! ! ! en garde ! . . . what ? i'm sorry , what ? wow . where did that come from ? hey , come back when you don't talk so much ! ( sarcasm here ) < blank stare > . . . what ? i've always been able to do math in my head pretty well . i liked algebra and geometry in school - - until we got to proofs , though . i don't like proofs . the room , by tommy wiseau considering how shy i was as a teenager , i have come out of my shell considerably , but i still get asked to vacate my lovely shelly premises . one of my bosses told me i need to talk more . just in ... i sautéed some baby portabellas in a cast-iron skillet with butter , olive oil , and worcestershire and teriyaki sauce . good times . i've never taken a mind-altering substance other than caffeine . it ... i have big problems with the similar minds type descriptions . it's like they have nothing good to say about any introvert . ever . is the infp description a compilation of infps ' thoughts ? are we ... this . i dislike linkin park . autotuning bothers me . i can find good things about pretty much every person i meet . in one-on-one situations , people open up to me . i learn about their lives , and they let go and breathe a little - - i can help people ... i've been getting into wow , too . my brother and i had an adventure the other day : he took his level 6 blood elf and i took my level 5 tauren priest and we raided stormwind , the alliance's capital ... look at my avatar . just look at it . these games came to mind : - all other zelda games , especially a link to the past , marjora's mask , and wind waker - myst uru - escape velocity nova - golden ... '