' yes , sir . i can't make my stupid anxiety stop . stupid emotion . nay ! true . i just can't decide . yes , she is . not feeling sleepy the whole day . i have been sleeping fine , but i am still tired all day , sleepy all day . that is not good . i just want my switch and the copy of splatoon 2 i ordered to be delivered . quite accurate . i did play a few hours of maple story back in the 00s , but it wasn't my mmo of choice . i was more into the late trickster online and before it , ragnarok online . all adorable games . i really miss ... yes . could be an infp , perhaps . the only thing better than keyboard and mouse for shooters , for me , is motion controls . motion controls gives a game like splatoon a lot more control that you have if you only use the buttons and ... pseudo infjs are common . i am not sure what type would be the most likely to mistype themselves , though . type most likely to only play online competitive games . yes , as usual . ah ... dear little ocelotte , where have you gone ? are you hiding from me ? come out ... come out . don't be afraid . you were born a child of dragons , what ... based on your profile , no . it is not tryhard enough for an intp . but based on post history , intp seems like a good fit . i totally didn't notice the king of fighters reference . i am so used to k ' ... i could stay and chat or i could head to bed and sleep . i choose the latter . polls are nice . i believe she is . from what i researched , it seems to be the opposite . fi users are far more sure about who they are and what they stand for . ti users , in comparison , question things and themselves too much . i don't ... a very tiny house so cleaning it isn't troublesome . i seriously don't enjoy cleaning , but i need my place to be as clean as possible . so ... a tiny house . with a garden . yes , mr . vampire . edit : yes for athena as well . it is just a quote from one of my favorite games . . usually very pleasing dreams , which makes waking up all that more difficult . my bad dreams really do leave a mark , though , because of how bad they are . my dreams are usually filled by ... perhaps , but you come off as infp to me . i see . thanks for responding . do you have any desire of being an actual mouse or having mouse-like physical characteristics ? or is this exclusively about your personality and behavior ? i only know three of those characters ( ciel , hannibal , lelouch ) . i think they are all intjs ? i am not sure about mads mikkelsen's hannibal , but i see the silence of the lambs version of hannibal as ... i was going to ask how do you know how a mouse feels , in the first place , but i suppose the question just proves your point . i find this intriguing . : blushed : ^ this emote freaks me out . every time i read a post with one of those , all i can think is why . i don't see why alphys qualifies as intp . just because she is a scientist it doesn't mean she has to be intp or intj . i think she is too concerned about her own feelings and tries too much to please ... i think a lot of artists are mistyped by people as feelers , infps in particular . when reading threads on the guess the type forum , for example , every other thread there is someone instantly typing ... i think pogo's works are interesting fits for intp . his works are all about putting little sounds from a film or cartoon together to form a song . it is like he sees music as puzzles and the songs he ... negative . death . perhaps not even death could stop my curiosity . cool . perhaps it is less of a ti thing ( if it is a ti thing at all ) and more of a general aspect of the human mind . interesting . i am a ti-dom and it is like there are two mes within my mind . two reilas . those two mes are constantly debating on things . for example , when i was researching to help me figure out my ... sophie . but i am not really having any kids . i have a five years old dachshund . : kitteh : photos . i can't think of anything else for you , sir . intj it is . i can see you as an intp , but i am not entirely convinced . because of what you mentioned before about planning on suicide , i am assuming the doctor you mention is a psychologist . if so , i felt the same way on my first day of therapy . i didn't know what to ... i used to play it , but like with any other online game i tried playing , i eventually got bored of the repetition . once i learned mostly everything about the characters , abilities , maps , strategies ... my favorite colors are black , brown and purple . i am an intp . you don't need to bold and underline that word to make your point . i am not blind or mentally challenged . i know the subject of the thread very well , yet i never ever read the world of warcraft ... you don't have an anime avatar , so obviously not an intp . jokes aside , intp seems accurate for you . what does playing world of warcraft has to do with someone being intp ? i am not sure . weren't you istj a few days ago ? bleach was such a train-wreck during its final years . that ending was like dousing an open wound on kerosene and setting it on fire . from my experience , infjs can come off as know it all at times , but overall i don't have issues when dealing with them . pleasant folks , when not unhealthy , of course . i can't speak for every intp girl , but i love cuddling . the challenge is having the intp girl become close to you . mbti : intp enneagram ( with wing ): 9w1 socionics : ili alignment : chaotic neutral hogwarts house : ravenclaw star sign zodiac : libra , supposedly chinese zodiac : horse not interested on the ... i am familiar with your posts by now and you give me a completely different vibe from athena _ , who i am more confident to be an intj . perhaps it is a matter of different enneagram types . still , when ... '