haven't posted here in a while . here was my attire as best man at my buddies wedding . :) 698410 480122 i use tumblr occasionally . it's just fun to find something you relate to - an image or a persons feeling about whatever - reblogging it and building a page of ' personality ' , you can say . people see ...  464114 17 with a person i can consider my first serious girlfriend . been in love once , but have had multiple relationships . surprisingly , i move on quickly . 299298 2907 94 the ' i'm going to dress up then stay inside and drink tea and read books all night ' picture dead is dead , i find it hard to believe in any sort of afterlife ; you cease to exist . 269346 there's a swing chair by the water that i love going to late at night - i always walk away feeling refreshed . it's the perfect spot to decompress , especially since there's rarely people around .  251546 went to the cayman islands and visited a place called hell . c ; well , as a child i mostly spoke inside my head i had conversations with the clouds , the dogs , the dead and they thought my broken , that my tongue was ... we met through a friend , she's also an infp so it's been interesting . 225298 i want a yeard . taurus , it works . i only smoke when i'm alone and have time to decompress . if i get buzzed , i'm more extroverted , high i become a lot more introspective and need some down time to think . i can't function in social ... that picture makes me incredibly sad .. : c i've met one other infp , we definitely got along well . i just wish i knew more . : c i get sad and quickly return to happiness because i'm thankful to have the ability to experience such emotion :) tampa , fl or st . petersburg , fl . i used to live in st . petersburg and downtown they typically have some indie bands playing in small venues . ybor in tampa has concerts quite often . the last show i ... when you can consistently find yourself by the gumball machines in stores . you're just a good person with a conscience and honor . also , i think this could be typical for any infp because we put ourselves in peoples shoes very easily . how would the boyfriend feel if he found ... i moved out and i live on my own . i don't think i would have it any other way , honestly . i love my freedom , quiet , space , and independence . but i think having another introverted roommate wouldn't be ... independent idealistic quirky reserved patient infp here , sorry to creep up in the thread , but you guys are awesome . we totally complement each other's personalities . there's no wonder why we're natural partners or soul mates . lost it when i was 17 , i'm 21 now . it's meh . my two closest friends are infj and enfp . it's an interesting group . bumpity bump , there's a party in here < / 3 i'll miss u for me , stars would be number one . clouds , and green pasture to daydream on . an endless shelf of books and a candle lit dinner with delicious food , fine wines , beers , and spirits . i'm down for this . as uncomfortable as i may get , it's always nice to talk to like-minded people . :) i smoke occasionally . but i tend to ward away from socially smoking with friends or strangers , or smoking then going out in public . i get anxious enough as is , and when high and in public , it ... : blushed : oh my . solitude . ; v some personal , mostly interests :) add me ! i'm totally willing to play minecraft with fellow infp's . i have two best friends , one is an infj who i'm pretty close with , the other an enfp .