' po ' boy sandwich tho oh nvm this already got answered . like a po ' boy , lol . what's po ? who ? trump is a timelord and overwrote the previous timeline , so i have no clue who you're talking about . some mandela effect bullshit is happening . personally i have very fine limits on how far i'll test people . tests are meant to be subtle and be natural . i'm not looking to hurt anyone , the goal is to ease something about the person that is ... careful observation of people after putting them under specific but subtle circumstances to see if / how their true colors shine . i'll pay attention to things such as vocal tone , their reactions , ... i cant even get irl crushes lmao . i don't think i want to , yall just fall apart and not in a good way . its not adorable chesire ! i'm gonna die venting my hatred for the human species i dont care what i do so long as its the nightshift ( and pays well ) so i can avoid as many people as possible . i hate people . i hate mornings . i hate the combination of the two which culminates into ... oh no pretty soon ill be ded too the homework will fall upon me like tears in the rain ! what are the sizes ? does it come with any sides , or is it just the entree all by itself ? how long is this special going ? i'll eat them all up if you let me , after all who could turn down such a ... usually , someone might ask hey can you do x for / with me later . to which i respond something along the lines of sorry but i can't , i have other plans later . which would technically not be a lie , ... cant do coffee cause it makes me go rabid the people writing this new age hippie shit oughta be euthanized . the key to attracting the infp is to use a familar scent . to create the scent you have to stick a book in a blender and add water and old carpet.this creates a concotion that smells of molding ... oh boy , i just got irradiated ! am i become spiderman now ? :D it is if you want it to be i want to recomment that i've learned a lot more about the enneagram since i took this test and share my results about its accuracy . for me , it seem that it got the core types and their order ... i don't have this problem either . i think my general aloofness keeps me from getting into these situations where people are expecting things from me . i tend to keep people at an arms length a lot of ... the inside of our minds is an enigma  ... you removed kebab : sad : because we tend to place our faith in our allies very strongly , it would have to be a type that is honest with themselves / others and unlikely to betray . i think i'm drawn to the type 4 ' s , they care ... aww , thanks ^ _ ^ i'm pretty sure that i'm a 6w5 infp . i don't really know how different i am in the enneagram as compared to an infj , but type isn't a perfect indicator for behavior . laser cat is watching you masturbate my sexuality is no i'll never be a cafe legend cause all i do is spam can u see ur house from up there ? honestly the mods should just give us a self-retire status switch dare me something that wont get me infracted how would two stationary ships ship ? museum ships are never in the same location , they're single ships isolated around the world at different ports . this ship does not sail . :d ry : its a stationary museum ship for display only . do not attempt to sail this ship , it can only sink and transport its passengers to a watery grave . #wokeaf i pledge alliance to this franco-ottoman metal world . jk-pop must die dont overdo it always thoroughly chew your food  srs talk tho , fuck politics make spamworld get-it-on again i don't see the problem here . death = less people . nabbit is wise beyond her years i want some weed :*( yeah but god's ass wouldnt smell like ass , my lord's buttocks would smell like butterscotch . so that means youre clearly lying don't forget to bleach your asshole to achieve that 100 % pure aryan perfection . wait , but even if all your outsides are bleached to pristine white , ehst about your insides ? better bleach that ... '