' makes sense and yes i'm on the youtube . i took a cognitive functions test and here are my results along with my cheat sheet i put together . my results make zero sense as i don't match any of the types . by far my most dominant function is ... im a male borderline intj / infj ( sometimes swap the te with fe ) ... i love me some entp women . they are hard to read ... keeps it interesting . they are funny / witty ... usually . they are flirty ... i believe the more you battle what letter you are the closer you are to being balanced between the two . it's like your cognitive functions refusing to give away the # 1 spot like a royal rumble ... their perfectionist / idealist beliefs in their dream world hurt the people in the real world . i'm pretty sure this would anger an intj and be fuel for destroying the world , it's existence , it's history , and it's soul with lasers . so ... i just had a great idea but haven't yet gone around collecting content so i figured i would start the concept and see what people can find . we all know about the letters of the types ( ie . intj , ... good advice ... but what happens if one reads the shyness and is wrong and plants the smooch ... how would you ( enfp ) react ? so how do you ( enfp ) split the difference between flirting in a playful way and flirting to attract the person or is it just the same ? what do you do differently per se ? i was on here just reading some enfp stuff and thought i would reply to this one ... if a guy is flirting , teasing , & affectionate towards a female and he is straight ... he's interested . i would ... perc servers getting their arse kicked today ? keep getting timed out trying to make a post . well shadowplay , it makes me feel and think . it makes me feel like you are doubting my self awareness ... and it makes me think about whether i should care or not . does that answer your question ? ... i posted in phoenix , az ... i test out as intj but i've had 2 women ... ( 1 on youtube and my best friend ) say im more like 50/50 on the t / f but i can definitely relate to many of these infj threads ... i think there are a lot of synchronicity between all these different methods of analyzing your self ... astrology , numerology , psychology , philosophy ... etc .. here is mine : birth force number ... um ? ... thanks ? i'm not exactly sure what you are trying to convey here . yes i agree ... boooring ... a distraction from things that are actually interesting . more like a stranglehold over the sheeple . i've recently become aware of them and am working ... when you learn about mbti then move on to astrology , mayan glyphs , sabian symbols and realize you can extract birthdays from facebook with ease and then proceed with analyzing your friend database as ... yes , this usually rushes people to the point . i'd ask that person who was the first person that thought up ethics . it wasn't a s since before ethics , ethics wasn't in a book . i ... intj's do so much they make time to get shit done and procrastinate . it's quite an accomplishment . yeah ... the slow thing makes a lot of sense to me on a number of levels ... but not too slow ... it's definitely a delicate balance . another great thing was that i ran into a friend of a friend and ... so tonight i'm about 99 % sure i was in a room with an infp female , an enfp male , and an enfj male . the enfj mentioned how he had to goto anger management classes because of a crazy bar fight he got ... sooo ... a short follow up thus far for anyone that actually is reading this interaction between an intj male and infp female . we met up at a brewery for some food and drink ... about 2 hours ... where are all you infps at ? im intj , it's what i do best ... i find answers ... but yeah you are right . i'm over analyzing a simple thing but it's because it's exciting and well worth the thought ... and yes a quieter place to go ... orangeappled thanks that was really helpful . i love this forum . i think i've been doing most of those things you said so far ; just kind of naturally going with the flow as it comes . she already knows ... bear with me infp ladies , i'm strong int and very thorough ... i met an infp about a week ago ( with a weak f 65 % ) ... i know she is infp because she is very into astrology and numerology and very ... rim 1 ) i might enter a room and immediately feel that the emotions are stressful and if i don't leave then i end up complaining about the vibe in the room and the reasons for that vibe . but ... the ... is this an answer to my question ? can you elaborate ? i've tested intj a number of times but in doing a few youtube videos and starting to get more into the functions theory ... i'm starting to think i may be closer to f than t because of watching my ... you mean to tell me you don't want to join my gummy bear cult ? i thought that was an entj thing ? that sounds exactly like the reason for my rant . i find it odd that people say thanks when people post happy birthday to them on places like facebook or any other online site that displays your ... that is usually what is implied by the term rant which i stated initially before going on the 14 minute journey . there would be no argument here if your personal feelings were not hurt by my video about swearing off feeling . reason just gave me that answer and solved this dilemma but your perceived feeling ... i didn't say anybody was worse than me . i'm just ranting for the entertainment of the forum . i g n o r e . if someone said something redundant like you are hot or you are attractive then i would probably be like um ok but since it was marvelous face , it made the compliment more interesting . it ... i don't think i have ever heard anyone say either to me or to anyone that they have a marvelous face . thank you . i will probably remember that compliment forever . there ... i added a video rant to the first post ... does that suit your fancy ? who wants their thoughts and potential reactions buried in a thread of 118 pages and 2458 thanks . i'd rather have people build a thread on my specific question . what is more annoying ? 1 ) arguing about someones ' feelings ? 2 ) having to explain something that is sooo obvious ? 3 ) doing both at the the same time ? 4 ) realizing you should have just avoided ... i'll kiss your mind if you kiss my mind . ( liitle man snickering face ) anybody that thinks an intj is an asshole should f #ck off and go f3ck themselves with a vibrating a # # d ! ld # covered in bhut jolokia chili pepper . meh ! ! ! < = = = thinks of way to manipulate the quottee into subconsciously realizing that we are not in deed more inclined to be sociopathic and then returns to normal day function which includes calculating ... i only went back 2 pages because i could not stand to witness that of a manboy holding a pussy puppy in his feeble jello biceps . i am in total j mode right now and i will word-f #ck any attempt of a ... 4 + weeks in to my research and i still think entp females are my muse in disguise . when you get home at 3am and go on a personality forum to analyze and research the potentials reasons why you ... 1 ) came home alone again 2 ) seemed to interest people that you had no interest in ... spelling it out in the thing you call a text box esses or the s in mbti in a super strong almost 100 % certain sense pisses me off to the extreme . i can't stand someone is is unable to comprehend ... be blunt as fuck ! ! ! i'm pretty sure i've dated a few enfps since they seem to be the few that are able to pry past my door of interest and i know for a fact my last relationship was enfp . the uber ... '