' nerdistheword glad i could help ! need to make this anonymous somehow , you may find that most of us don't want to post that information for privacy issues . just because you had low confidence and few friends does not mean you cannot be an entj . i too had low confidence in my early years but through external feedback from others who's opinions i respect ... it manager / infrastructure project manager can't attest to other entjs but i find it to be very rewarding because i get paid to fix things which is what i like doing any way and i have the ability ... samantha_mt welcome ! gotta love a thread asking entjs about whether or not they need reassurance and most of the replies are from any type other than entjs ! do you know of any other site / forum / whatever where entjs actually do debate ? hahaha you are too funny ! if you wanna talk big picture like that then you gotta talk about the big rip or the big freeze aka the end of the universe itself ! on a more worldly note in the ... do you have expensive habits that require the influx of cash or is it like points on a game board for you ? i ask because i'm completely anti-materialistic , probably comes from having moved like 20 ... start us off then ! what are your thoughts on what is going on in ukraine right now and the whole russian situation ? personally i worry that it may turn into another nazi germany taking over ... that's funny because i find my brain seems to require verbal affirmation . don ; ' t get me wrong i like actions , but i found with my so even though i knew through her actions that she loves me that my ... i didn't do any schmoozing early in my career and climbed up the ladder quite quickly based on competency alone . i may not have been the most sensitive person around but am freaking good at my job ... being an entj my initial reaction will still to be a bit ticked but then the logical / rational side would kick in and quickly rein that line of thinking in :) jjk good to know i'm not the only one with that problem ! i could always tell when someone liked someone but was completely oblivious when someone liked me ! hear hear ! it pissed me right off when people are late to things if they don't have a good excuse like an accident on the highway or something . we all have shit to do , why is your time more ... i used to procrastinate like crazy , especially when i was in highschool and college , would always put off working on the research paper or whatever until the last minute then stay up all hours to get ... i'll follow up with another hahaa was at a cafe today and noticed that their drinks menu charged $ 3.25 for a glass of beer monday-thursday and $ 3.50 on friday-sunday . i'm probably the only person ... i've actually tried to get some debates and intelligent discussion going but it seems to peter out , would think other entjs would be spoiling for a debate about something ! if he's anything like me he's a huuuge sucker for cute ! not in a faeries and rainbows kinda way , but when you say cute things etc i eat it up . my so is an enfp and i love the ... not sure as to your reasoning behind posting this but the lyrics seem to contradict themselves . i catch up to her and we kiss , she doesn't kind of implies to me that the protagonist caught up to ... i had some interactions with a girl who i believe to be entp ( disclaimer , this is a sample size of one so i know screw all about entps beyond this one woman ) and we were like fire and water , complete ... can't attest to these units everywhere but the ones where i live have a pressure pad that measures the weight of the bulk items and veggies and whatnot but when it says put the items in the bag ... for me it's always been incompetence . i'm actually a fairly lazy person at times , i use my entj brain to accomplish whatever task as quickly and efficiently as i can so i can go back to being lazy ... yeah those things are a pain in the ass ! i rarely use them but when i do i make sure to not put my item in the area they say to , just lightly smack the pressure pad with your hand ( so it thinks you ... remove alittlesalt sounds like you know just what it takes to keep an entj happy ! can we clone you ? :) can't attest to the other types but enfps despite being feelers seem to actually get us ! they come across like they are cuddly little kittens that couldn't possibly do wrong / be evil and yet they ... do you say that you appreciate them though ? one thing i found hard with my enfp so is to her words are meaningless and actions speak louder than words , problem is that while i can appreciate actions ... i'd call the guy and explain but if it goes badly personally i'd say f it and move on . depends on how much ass you want to kiss to make the big bucks . be sure to tell him that you appreciate everything he does for you , if he's anything like me that will get you major points because all to often us entjs will give and give and give and never get ... keep it up , i can't speak for others but i find both realisticdreamer and alittlesalt to be cute , no wonder us entjs like you guys :) a suggestion on the first part if i may ? what you may want to try doing is to come up with backup plans with your so and give your advice and input on those plans , not for all possible contingencies ... damn straight ! my enfp so sent me a text the other day something to the effect of sometimes i get a feeling that you and i can do anything together and she's right ! for me part of the reason why i might be seen as a bit stoic about things is because there have been countless times in my life where i was all fired up and childishly happy about something only to ... can't speak for others but i'm all for helping people regardless , especially those weaker than myself . i do it without expecting thanks or appreciation though it is nice to receive both . emman it's a good thing we are by and large good people because we can certainly amass a large amount of ammo on people without even trying to hey ? other people are like hyenas to us being lions , ... right on ! pick a topic and let's have at it ! no emotions allowed :) that makes me think ... what's their catch ? ok so it's not just me who can remember details about people they told me in passing that they cannot remember themselves ! one thing i like to say is that i forget that i remember . if someone ... one thing i can relate is as a kid if i ever watched something scary within an hour of heading to bed i would have crazy nightmares and i would have to repeat in my head butterflies , butterflies , ... actually there's one , do fellow entjs all sleep like the dead ? i was sleeping inside a truck and camper in someone's driveway about 20 feet from the front door of this house when i was a kid during ... theonlyrealmike this is so true ! i too would get all ticked off that people would just peel away into a different conversation and it would piss me right the f off but you are right , we talk too ... thanks for this ! my computer was stolen a year ago and with it went my music collection and i'd totally forgotten about covenant ! typically i don't remember dreams at all , maybe like 6 or so a year . but there were a few occasions in my life when i was lucid in my dreams and could actually change events in them instead of just ... perfection is boring , it's the little quirks about a person that makes me attracted to them haha yeah that first bit definitely sounds like an entj thing to do . we are very future-oriented people and if we are in a mindset of wanting to be with someone for the long run we will project ... most of it is completely innate . in my case i watch a person doing a given task and if i have any knowledge of that task whatsoever i can immediately see if they are good at a given task or not and ... am i the only one who read this and thought anything less ... would be uncivilized ? damnit now i wanna know what they are looking at ! oh yeah i like to say we are grizzly bears to outsiders and teddy bears to those we care about . with our sos we are completely comfortable sharing our weakness and vulnerabilities knowing that they ... '