' when i was a kid i experimented with eating non-food items , like sprinkling glitter on my pizza . i thought it tasted pretty good . :P when people tell you things like you know , now that i think about it , you are always right ... it's my favorite game . my friends have learned that it's pointless to argue that i'm wrong about them , ' cause i never am . : cool : i second the person that said they end up crushing on people they ... i'm a freshman , aaand i have decided to stop giving so many fucks about school , cause i ain't got that much to spare . when i'm on my deathbed , i highly doubt i'll be fretting over what my major ... i could relate to just about all of that . i could never make the connections between my emotions and my subsequent actions , but the way you said it made a lot of sense to me . very helpful , thanks :) some more : i am so clever that sometimes i don't understand a single word of what i am saying . - - oscar wilde it's all about putting a big exclamation point at the end of your life . - - ... ... point taken . point noted . i doubt i'll see a cyborg invasion in my lifetime , so i usually focus on zombies . no matter what , i will never submit ! ... unless i can win by switching sides . :D arithmetic is fine , but past geometry i ceased to understand anything in math . or maybe i just lost what little interest i had . honestly , my brain tends to shut down as soon as i see numbers ... all god does is watch us and kill us when we get boring . we must never , ever be boring . - chuck palahniuk , invisible monsters this entire poem : the wondering minstrels : the lesson of the moth - - ... ^ this . i hardly ever give gifts , because 1 ) i'm broke / lazy and 2 ) i have to actually care about someone to give them anything . but for the people i do care about , i get f * cking neurotic with ... today , i was training at my new job and my manager was talking to me , but i noticed her perfume and started daydreaming about what life would be like if peoples ' scent was visible , and what it would ... when i'm with good friends , i have to eat a lot slower because i'm doing so much talking in between bites :P of course , this means i'm actually able to taste my food . i wish i could get all my nutrition through photosynthesis . it would be so perfect . i like food , i just hate having to eat it . i mean , i'm pretty critical of anything short of delicious because my mom's a wonderful cook and i was raised in a family of foodies , and i definitely know ... i have never known boredom because i can always escape to the playground inside my head . it has a merry-go-round . :D but seriously , i actually like when i have to ride the bus or wait in line or ... and i always thought i was the only one . these days , when books that don't recycle the same tired supernatural romance ( you know what i'm talking about ) are few and far between , dictionaries are ... my dancing is way too inappropriate to be put on the internet . ... lmao at the irony there and you annoy the living hell out of them because you refuse to be predictable , but they just keep coming back for more :P ( this could just be my intj though ) she's a writer and a musician . double threat on that front , lol . thanks for the insight , everyone . i just talked to her , she said she made an appointment with the counselor and that she's feeling a little better . i just keep letting her know i'm here for her ; from ... ... wow . that was actually really sad . almost getting misty over here . oh , what metaphors do to me . bago i did , and she said she would go see the counselor . hopefully he can be more useful than me ... i'm probably too biased to be very much help . emerson i'm starting to see that . it's a bit ... we're both in college right now , so it seems relevant enough ... barring the fact that it could be completely made up by some corporate sleaze , of course . do you think that the high amount of stress ... let me just state that i am very new when it comes to mbti types . i don't claim to be an expert of any kind , which is why i'm trying to ask questions in an effort to understand more from the people ... ... that actually sounds like exactly her . she said she was tired of being a burden on me . and it was one of the saddest things i ever heard because i do think of her as one of those brilliant , ... le sigh . i truly apologize if i came off as offensive . but i did state that i don't know very many infps at all , and i'm just trying to get some information from those in the know as to whether ... same . i guess they just flew under my prepubescent radar ... hipsters never could compare to pokemon . personally , i don't mind hipsters too much . the only thing that annoys me is when they pretend ... apparently metaphors are the only way i can translate my thoughts into normal-people talk . ( their term , not mine . ) sometimes i make them up , sometimes i just butcher existing cliches for my own ... when you talk a friend out of suicide between midnight and 2am instead of cramming , and still ace your final exam at 8am . / true story happy monday , everyone ! ( as if there were such a thing ) :d ry : from your point of view , do you think infps are especially likely to be suicidal ? and why or why not ? just curious , seeing as only ... * lurker alert * : crazy : my ( unconfirmed ) infp definitely has a thing for eyes , it's the first thing she notices about people . sometimes when we make eye contact she just stares into my soul ... it ... i'm kind of short with long limbs as well , but i have nice average piano playing fingers :P i usually stay up late enough that if i have to wake up early , i don't bother ... so a few nights a week i don't sleep . but on weekends i make up for it by sleeping until 4 in the afternoon :P as a kid i read wayyy too many fantasy books , and i always got upset that the world didn't seem to be as interesting as my books ... for example , i wanted to be a pirate at one point . but no pirates ...   i was a totally conceited little shit of a child , and then sometime around the onset of puberty i became this sad angsty teen with no self-esteem at all , and plenty of social anxiety caused by ... i do that too , except it's with my middle eastern side of the family ... they don't appreciate my terrorist jokes very much :( i am my worst critic because i can be pretty competitive and sometimes it becomes an i have to be better than [ insert person here ] sort of thing , which is awful but hey . i adore constructive ... this reminds me of margaret cho . i am fanning the flames of my faggotry ! i lose my car in the parking deck about twice a week , because i was so lost in thought when i parked that i couldn't recall what floor i was on . so i end up being that crazy-looking chick wandering ... i love the way this thread is going . just now i had a conversation with a classmate whom i sort of idolize because of the way she lives ... she's italian by birth ; at 17 she up and moved to india for a ... i agree , experiencing emotion is definitely of ultimate importance to me . not something i'm proud of , but back in the day i was a bit of a slice-n-dicer myself ... you don't realize how important ... mkeath i understand what you mean about people acting like it's the first time anyone ever posed the question about reality and such . personally , i say you should carry on with the soul-crushing ... i didn't find it as hard to understand as people had me believe , but i thought it was wonderfully made . also , i may just be biased because cillian murphy is my baby daddy . i adore the matrix . as a matter of fact , i think i'll go watch it now ... * abandons own thread for movie time * the proof valid point . maybe i should just move to a country that isn't generally thought of as stupid , obese , and ugly , haha . mariebenash 1 omg , after i saw inception i was a mess . i kept telling ... curious as to whether this could be an entp thing , or if it's just me . what i mean by the title is , do you ever feel like everything is so fake ? the people , the systems , the things we hold so ... i was always the girl at the sleepover that wanted to stay up alll night , but everybody ended up passing out so i just learned to amuse myself until they woke up . / forever alone either i can't ... '