' i do too ! i think this one will be touching too . ( i just realised i'm kind of turning a happy thread into a sad thread ) . all noses are the same the last liine reminds me of this advert . i've already found quite an interesting creature - the jawa . tell me more about the jawa . well , okay i guess we can be friends . * pushes gnome over . * * gnome falls down . * * gnome breaks . * * gnome dies . * can we still be friends now ? yo ! no they're more like this . i'm an intruder . what are you going to do about it ? what is this jawa country you speak of ? maybe not . simon keeps on trying to steal the fish from the gnome !  i thought this said ezra , so i came up with the name ezzy , or essy but you could also have ez , or es . i think everyone does , and some people tend to feel the loneliest in a crowd , because everyone else isn't feeling lonely and you get a sense of feeling out of place because no one else is feeling ... not too sure about that . ( look at my avvie ) . again , not too sure about that . i think i do , but not too often , so i don't know their types . i haven't personally , but i've seen some people on youtube do it , and they've been alright afterwards . just search up the helium challenge video . they usually only inhale it in small amounts though ... i think you should advise them to see a therapist instead because a psychiatrist is one who prescribes medicines , and a therapist is one who diagnoses someone , and decides whether or not their case ... i actually really like your hair , it seems quite cool . we are not your masters we are friends , because we share personal things with gnomes , but i am careful when approaching jawa gnomes as they look creepy . well , that's some pro chopping skills ... i think you should be nice to gnomes . they are just delicate and fragile , and they are the one of the things i connect to the most , because most gnomes are just a little taller than me , and i find ... cats get distracted easily , and in my mind i can tell you , they go onto tangents , and i've even heard other cats going on tangents , whenever we talk . also , it may not seem like it , but in the ... ummm ... < < <--- definitely not infj , or isfp or intj i think all do go through an awkward phase , because their bodies are changing and they have to get used to it - it's just that some don't look or act awkward , even if they think they do . utini ! : tongue : ( just to make sure it is capitalised ) . do you want some covfefe ? connn ... i failed it due to not revising the night before . i thought you meant denial as in the defence mechanism then for a moment ... do you have an f-key ( like f5 on toshiba keyboard ) , which prevents the cursor from moving at all ? or any setting which prevents the cursor from moving ? steliferous happy miowing birthday . can you get me friskies and dreamies please ? ? ? it's your birthday it's the least you could do ! ... i actually find that even if the behaviour only lasts a while , i still remember it for a long time afterwards , it just sticks in my brain . wiggel , wiggel , wiggel , i didn't vote because a fulfilling job , is only one part of life , you also need to have good interpersonal relationships and intrapersonal relationships , you need to have a good family life , ( which ... i do care because it can become very dangerous if the planet temperature rises by just two celsius , due to tropical storms and flooding ... because girls and young women's self esteem is getting worse , as the bullying gets more bad , and they get themselves into more abusive relationships , and it's trendy because all of their friends do ... a lot of people may be taking sides , but if they were really loud then i think both were responsible , because if you want to be that loud , hang out in the house , but if you want to be passive ... it can also occur when you don't have open communication . for example , say person a's having a bad day and they don't want to talk , but they don't want to share it with person b . person b tries to ... if i were a crustacean i would be a hermit crab , because i like how their eyes just stick out and i would make a great pet . i'm not trying to justify her here , but i find saying that she needs to get a spine , and assuming it's not difficult to say something a little disrespectful here , because she may have problems with ... exactly , what i was going to post , but now i think about it , if you are neurodiverse , or you have had a traumatic brain injury , you can be more right or left brained , and you unfortunately may never ... congratulations , this is purrrfect progress ! bipedal p 314 oh my god ! that would scare me so much if i didn't know it was a tattoo . does this happen with tickling anywhere on the body , or just near the brain ? when i last read it , i read ' direct light contact ' instead of ' light direct contact . ' i was thinking of the sun or ... no because they would irritate me a lot if they were . i currently am experiencing this , with people being ignorant on issues that matter to me , but i'm afraid if i raise my voice , i'll be alienated ... it was answered a year ago , i just happened to be scrolling through the thread so i posted the answer here for you , since it has been done so already . although feel free to add anything if you ... she would probably have to have exposure therapy or something like that depending on what her problem actually is , to be in public places , where you gradually just increase the amount of noise ... it's a general rule of thumb and a rule of life ! i have another idea - we may be kinder to people we don't know , because we want to see ourselves as a kind human being and have others do that too , and for all of that kindness , we need a ' dumping ... she may have had huge headphones due to hearing problems - for example hyperacusis , which is where you are sensitive or sounds , or they cause you pain , which could explain the huffing and puffing . ... by victimised do you mean not taking responsibility for your own actions - e . g . i told you off and called you stupid because i have dominant te ! in which case maybe , i don't remember , but ... if you click the smiley waving face at the top , you'll see your posting , activity stats and points at the top of the page . if you scroll down , you'll see that some forums will have text under them , ... '