' i'm really curious as to what you do with them . that's apparently what the philosophy behind new common core math curriculum is . btw i kinda sucked at math before freshman year of high school , because i only learned it algorithmically to ... so do i and every other foolish mortal . i imagine s / he means something about actually learning . wait , no , after reading that entire section of the post , i'll have to point to the meme as well . females ( as an aggregate ) tend to be higher on conscientiousness on personality tests , so that probably has something to do with it . always triple check your math work , but try not to slow your thinking . if you don't have any math classes , rethink your major . made the decision to go back to school a couple millennia later i see . it's never too late . 40 years ago ? i'd give it 200 years in the future to see what we do with the place . in the post-traumatic way or the sexual way ? if you are doing this on a friday or saturday night . lol . i got 120 a ) pick the few you relate to most , and rank them from most to least , with a brief explanation if you're generous . unconscious childhood messages : type 9 - it's not okay to assert yourself ... that ethics may or may not be subjective depending on what you mean by subjective ( kind of ironic ) . but yes , i'm talking about normative ethics . meta-ethical theories are practically the same thing , ... and where those rules start are just as arbitrary . for example , utilitarianism starts with whatever action causes the greatest good for the greatest number of people is the most preferable . axioms in other words , a moral nihilist can still have his own ideas about what constitutes right and wrong , he just recognizes that any such statement is based in opinion - not fact . by the same reasoning , we're all mathematical nihilists as well . i don't think you understand what i mean when i say it can be defined . obviously whatever one decides as the definition is dependent on one's values that are deeply rooted psychologically . also , to ... except it's preferable and can be defined . being around good fe people . i just realized treebob said it's resolved in the last post of page 1 . your first mistake was using ie . :P it works just fine on chrome . i asked because i thought the malware might have been coming from ads . this has happened before on perc , but never ... just curious , do you people have ad block running ? i just now made the connection to your profile pic . xd why / how did you find ee challenging ? i understand it's one of the harder engineering majors , but the main complaint i hear is that it's ... why did you choose chemical engineering and stick with it ? did you seriously write the things underlined on a cover letter ? americans don't know how to drive in general . only true for this american i don't think it's legal to actually force a kid to say the pledge . but yeah . anyone who's been thru the public school ... mila kunis 54 % eyes , 19 % nose , 35 % mouth , 60 % sexycute you seem to prefer big eyes , smallish other ... you could be an intp with strong ne . you fit the definition of introversion over extroversion . i actually thought you were someone else on the forum who also has ' the woman ' as her profile pic . oops . he never said that a woman was one or the other . not necessarily a dichotomy . a woman ... i think he's just referring to a general theme of female attractiveness to men . that's not a dichotomy . that's not sexist or misogynistic . nt , and i voted cute . cute is sexy . : wink : it's not . maybe when hyperinflation occurs in a decade or two , but even then , the federal governments power will just be weakened . there's no great divide . there's no single , strong separatist ... and the entps , esfjs , and isfjs . i think types with ti , fe , si , and ne ( all of them , excluding any other functions ) will become more relevant in the future , as i think the general mood of those functions will be the zeitgeist in a ... well vote in the poll then ! :p socionics shit - infantile - wikisocion infantiles are defined as having ne as their dominant or auxiliary . zero-sum game - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia well ? i should visit this part of the forum more often . step 1 - start game step 2 - press up , right , down , left , in that order for an indefinite amount of time step 3 - ? step 4 - profit ... both of my grandmothers , my father , and i have an abnormally good sense of smell . edit - i'd also like to add that my father has smoked for 20 + years and still has better than average smell . ... i've only lived in the middle of nowhere and a big city , so this suburban convenience of food is new to me . you seem to have scared off our robot . welcome ! and thank you for freeing us from his tyranny ! act comically senile in public . and this is the bad side of mbti . the more posts of yours i read , the more i like you . don't you think that's a tad unlikely ? me gustan las idiomas artificiales . it pairs native speakers of language x that are trying to learn language y with someone who is a native speaker of language y , and learning language x . ok , what's done is done . doesn't really matter now . are you looking into hr ? i don't know if you'll like corporate environments that use mbti . i've heard that it's inefficient and people ... i hate to break it to you , and i don't mean this in a mean way , but you kind of threw away the opportunity to get nice employment opportunities that suit your preferences when you went into debt for ... '