he was an extrovert , you can see his extroversion all throughout his lifestyle and music , and in his 1994 interview he mentions he's has a big mouth which entertained people when he was alive and ... she's an esfp lol kanye is a clear unhealthy enfp eminem's an istp lol , enfp is way off this is correct , but it is also possible bubbles is isfp , but i'd have to watch it again to make sure no nf besides enfj would make something like dear mama or keep ya head up , his extroverted feeling in his songs and interviews are very apparent , he has zero fi and is an extrovert so he's not an ... sanji is an enfj , lol how'd could anyone see fi in him i don't know chouji is an isfp from naruto and so is yajirobe from isfp and before anyone says it if it didn't happen alreay hinata hyuga ... yeah , and songs like dear mama showcase his fe even more complimenting his ni tupac always showcases fe in his interviews and his songs , dear mama and keep ya head showcase this the most . he never showed ne ever in his life he is an enfj people , y'all need to do your ... biggie is not an estj he was an estp jay z is an intj dmx i've heard was infj and 50 cent is probably isfj the rest are correct gen kai is istj keiko is isfj gt trunks is intp , future trunks though is infj . goku is enfp btw everybody . my counter to this is i actually typed goku by his character traits alone in the story , as in the manga and dbz kai not the old dub or anything , the only reason i bring up other characters who are ... videl is entj tien is istj check out my post above for a mini explanation but mainly check this video out if you need more convincing on how goku's character works in the dragon ball series , he's a much more deeper character ... everybody in this community is really bad with telling esfps from enfps , i've run out of steam reiterating in other threads so i just recommend people reevaluate their typing ability and try to ... that's pretty typist if you ask me . just because of that vegeta scenario doesn't actually mean anything , again toriyama's nfs are portrayed differently than other series , the characters in the show are always saying how eccentric and ... lol , i'm typing goku off the manga , i'm completely sure he's enfp 100 % and yajirobe got plenty of screen time to type him , he's clearly isfp and no nami's not a p or a t , but see how you could ... a good representation of an estp shonen hero is yusuke urameshi from yuyu hakusho , street punk kid with witty one liners , and badass . or like launch with the yellow hair if we want to stay in dragon ... lol i respect your opinion but that seems pretty ridiculous since both naruto and luffy are very impulsive people and i can see thier fi very easily while fe users in those shows are more like ... goku is enfp internet , setting the bar for shonen main characters to come like luffy , naruto , and gon . just wanted to reclarify that . and also bulma's entp along with gohan is infp . dbz shall live on ... goku's enfp bulma is actually entp krillin is esfp along with yamcha , master roshi , etc . and actually gt trunks is intp but dbz future trunks is infj , toriyama changes his personality alot since ... people think toriyama and goku are overly simple , but they fail to understand that enfps act differently in different series , both goku and gohan are nfs , with the only difference being ones an ... gohan is infp piccolo is intj vegeta is istj krillin - esfp chi chi - esfj tien - istj yamcha - esfp master roshi - esfp android 18 - istp freiza - estj goku is enfp , and bulma is entp which is very obvious in the entire show and series goku set the bar for enfp shonen hero everywhere people nami's a judger lol , she's always giving orders on the ship the shonen genre has a fair amount of enfp characters like gon , naruto , and luffy that were all inspired from goku in dragon ball . my question why do you think , the japanese tend to make the main ... so i just wanted to start a thread like this , forgive me if this type has been done already or exist elsewhere . anyway i think we should discuss the differences between esfps and enfps again ... serena / usagi is enfp i'm changing my view on franky , he's esfp actually luffy's an enfp y'all , and robin's an intj , rayleigh's an infj if you need a reference gon from hunter x hunter is enfp , along with goku and other classic shonen heroes those are all correct with a few more ill add like ash from pokemon , red from pokemon adventures , luffy from one piece , and gon from hunter x hunter goku - is enfp , not esfp at all vegeta - istj bulma - entp chi-chi - esfj gohan - infp future trunks - infj kid trunks - estp krillin - esfp roshi - esfp grandpa gohan - infj yes , both the writer and the character are infp holden is infp definitely , he's is a extremely cynical one , who struggles with his fi and emotions constantly throughout the novel if you watch , you'll notice that gohan is just a more introverted version of goku , he shows no sign of se , in terms of isfps as far as dragonball goes , yajirobe is isfp , dragonballs ne users and nf ... goku's enfp , similar to naruto , luffy , and gon he sorta set the bar for the classic shonen hero gohan is defintely infp , like alphonse elric , or hinata who is alot more extreme version of that typing and yes goku is enfp as well lol , the typing is all over the place , but in my opinion these are the right types for the major characters in general dr . tenma : infj , i personally don't see any fi in him because of how service ... you were right until you said natsu , he's actually esfp gon - enfp goku - enfp naruto - enfp luffy - enfp goku's influence is strong edward elric - entp needed to fix this mistake common with hunter gon's the classic enfp hero , like luffy , naruto , and goku are . and killua's probably either an intj or entp your all wrong in alot of areas but some are right the proper types for all the main 4 characters are : yusuke : estp kuwabara : esfp , this one is obvious like yusuke kurama : infj , holy crap he ... hey i was wondering how do you go about writing papers ? what do you do first , i coul use some advice on writing / english class since i'm taking required writing courses in college . so i thought it'd ... no offense of course , were fellow introverts here but i notice infps are super introverted in most cases and online alot , wonder why ? lol you guys are alot of fun though , perceivers rock lol higurashi lol its friday night , watching spice and wolf - _ - i'm sure you guys heard of one piece and i just wanted to make a typing thread on the different characters , feel free to to throw your suggestions and disagree / agree and say why , you can even mention ...