' assuming i enter into a relationship with someone , i would likely never break up with her . in my past , i've always been the one who's been dumped . sorry , it doesn't really answer your question , ... i would like to open a modern design store and gift shop / art gallery , selling unique and useful items that add a little joy to people's lives . i think it would be really fun travelling to ... spring bling i've made a conscious effort to use the phrase i believe when i am confident in something , rather than i think . to me , i believe is more assured , whereas i think leaves more wiggle room . for me , it's hard to know exactly how much background info the other person needs . often , i just start from the beginning and give them way too much , which really distracts from the meat of the ... this is a massive problem of mine as well . you are not alone ; look at the sea of self-help literature geared towards improving focus as evidence . ok , then don't smile with your mouth . smile with your eyes . i know other people mentioned it , but it's not really accurate to say asian culture . i mean , what do you really mean ? do you mean people people from a specific place ? because asia is huge . there's ... first , i want to tell you that i am not judging you , and i am taking the time to write this because i want to try and help you . your quote above ... do you really need advice on pulling crazy drug ... inthemood , i am not an infp , but i have a suggestion for you that will be true regardless of type . [ i test as intp , but i feel i am changing ] . talk to your fiance first . ask her how she feels ... the moment i realize i'm wrong i acknowledge it instantly , and apologize for any thick-headed behavior that might have occurred . try keeping good posture : shoulders back ; chest out , chin up . force yourself to smile , even if you don't feel like it . breathe deeply . doing these physical things can influence positive ... good good , i'm really glad to hear it . i know it's hard , and it will continue to be difficult . but , it will get better . if you need to share with your family , do so . that's what they're there ... enigmatic clown , are you still out there ? let us know you're ok . we care ... sweet sincere honest open about her feelings accepts me for who i am not afraid to tell me how i can be a better partner , in a non-critical manner someone who cares deeply about important ... ok , i know you feel like shit right now , but for the next week this is what you need to do: 1 . take all that unrequited love and sorrow and focus the energy into your finals . i want you to ... first off , i really feel for you man . it's late and i need to go to sleep , so i can't write much , but i'll try to write more tomorrow . i know you feel really alone , but i want you to know that ... that's a straight up bad friend , a bully , likely a narcissist . if you easily attract those types , it's because they can sense that they can bully you . maybe they see you as an object , and not ... as my anthropology professor would always say : human nature is emotion this is what happened between myself and my last girlfriend . we had been hanging out with each other exclusively a bunch : watching movies , sharing meals , etc . i didn't really know what was ... i have cried about 4 times since my girlfriend broke up with me three weeks ago . i always feel better afterwards . it's not good to keep those feelings bottled up , or ignored . thank you , i needed to hear that . i know that people change , and grow apart . i just didn't think it would happen to us . she changed me for the better , over the years . i had hoped that we would ... actually , it didn't hurt when i found out it was another woman . if it was another man , i'd probably be way more upset . i was still upset she left me and did it in a devastating way , but if she's ... apology accepted : happy : nothing personal , but i didn't appreciate it . with all due respect , you do not know her or her situation . i know that you're trying to give me advice , but i won't let anyone write poorly of her . for the record , we are not dating anymore , and ... the mean thing i said was the last straw that ended our first relationship . i said something like why don't you just give up ? i'll always regret saying that , and breaking her heart . all i can do ... this is very similar to what she told me . she said something about not realizing what she needed during the relationship , and forget about being able to vocalize it in a way where i would understand ... please don't feel sad . it was painful for the first week , and especially the first 3 days . i don't want to think about how i felt too much . i think it's more painful for her than it is for me ... please , don't feel sad for me . i already went through that enough . it's true , she was prone to depression , and i wasn't exactly the best person to help her out of it . the next woman i'm with ... i have asked her what i can work on . she gave me that vague you already are working on it spiel . she doesn't want to come off as critical , and isn't prone to giving hard answers when pressed ... i like that thinking , thanks for telling me that . your reply was very helpful . i can see that we don't really work out together , but we really do love each other . that's the part that hurts the most . the casual marriage proposal was pretty ... yeah , maybe being around her isn't enough . that's denial talking . thank you , i am definitely making an effort to eat well , exercise , and surround myself with my family . i don't think she cheated on me . according to her , they haven't even held hands or hugged . but perhaps she cheated on me emotionally . i should probably back off , but i'm practically addicted to ... how old is she and what fields has she tried out ? what's her educational background ? thank you all for your input , suggestions , and support . i want to reply to each and every one of you , but i need time to digest it all [ the thoughts , not thanksgiving food : happy :] two weeks ago , the love of my life , the one i had pledged my soul to , emailed me to tell me that our relationship was over . i was confused , shocked , and hurt . i had no idea this was coming . ... as someone who runs a ufo group , [ more like a social club that watches videos and discusses ] , i entertain some pretty wild theories on a regular basis . i certainly won't take someone's account of ... personally , i like using metaphors because they can potentially transmit a lot of information in few words . i use the word potentially , because if the person on the receiving end doesn't ... i used to mostly dress for comfort , a consequence of being overweight . as i've gotten older , i realize that dressing well is not simply a statement i make about myself , but about the people around ... i think if you fix the small problems in life , the big problems will be easier to deal with . here's a mid - 90s pop culture illustration of this idea : duckman was shown a super computer , and was ... i interact with thinkers like you on a regular basis . they often state that they wish they knew the right people to implement their ideas . here are some links i think could help you . united ... of course , no one would ever go forth with an idea that they believe is bad . therefore , this point is moot . in general , there's only one way to find out if a business idea works , and that is to ... when you're debating , and in the process of making your argument , convince yourself that the opposing viewpoint is more logical and quickly change sides . ... when you've hugged a computer ... [ i swear , i was only checking to hear the hard drive spin ! ] growing up , i never liked receiving compliments , unless it was regarding some intellectual achievement or contribution . i often felt like i didn't deserve to receive a compliment . i attribute it to ... my dad [ suspected intp ] will laugh randomly for no good reason . when it happens , i think he's thinking about something funny that happened in his past . i spaced out in the theater when watching ... yes ! mike judge is brilliant , isn't he ? '