' mostly right . i do a few things left handed . but for each specific task it's usually one of the other . so i haven't figured out if this is depressing or awesome ... but whatever you decide , realize you have years and years before retirement . if you end up in something you don't like now , you have plenty ... one hour photo moved me out of my seat and into the next room . the movie was horrifying as a child . other than that ... toy story 3 . maybe this one is more of a generational thing ? i was in ... the ataris , so long , astoria the black keys , el camino green day , american idiot radiohead , the bends vampire weekend , modern vampires of the city i still buy physical albums . it's just better . people think i'm weird because many haven't actually purchased a cd in years . there is a lot of amazing cover art out there . walking into a used record ... i don't dream as much anymore . not sure why . mine vary quite a bit but they're usually adhd . for example , i'll be going to a football game and be excited for that and when i walk into the stadium i'm ... i like sleep . as i've gotten older and on a more regular schedule ( gross ! ) i don't know if i need more sleep . it's just that i sleep when i'm tired regardless of time ( unless i'm working or something , ... to go with the birthday discussion ... when i buy cards for people i rarely buy them for the correct occasion . on purpose . oh it's your birthday ? happy hanukkah ! music . live music . travelling . travelling for live music . i know that's a smart ass response , but i'm not really joking . it works for me . if only it was more permanent , more affordable , ... out of all the useless things the world has come up with why are flavored envelopes not the norm instead of a specialty . for real . i'm truly left on some things , and lean left on other issues out of annoyance with the extreme right . though i am also annoyed by the extreme left . there's hateful people on both sides . gotta be honest here . it's true not finishing something is a weakness , i didn't make it to the end of the original post . not enough paragraphs and blue is my favorite color so eventually i just ... i'm starting to think i'm a night owl for life . i'm two years out of college and i've been saying i haven't adjusted yet , but maybe i should have by now ? in school i always stayed up late and lucked ... anything that makes me laugh , but that's definitely not limited to comedy . i immediately thought of yolo so i'm glad i'm not the only one . a coworker yelled it out the other day and i almost screamed back what the fuck . i realized she knew i didn't have tourettes so i ... i think i have a broad sense of humor . sarcasm , satire , immature , sophisticated ... it's just knowing when / who to use it on . and since i'm usually closed off there's lots of people who never see it ... this thread makes me feel like i've been thrown into a pile of puppies . liberal protestant , maybe a moderate ? i'm not currently attending church though . i realized ( actually re-realized again and again ) how when i find a joke funny or if someone else finds it funny i'll pretty much run it into the ground . i could seriously come up with 50 versions of ... picking top 10 songs is gonna be a challenge for me ... but i really want to see if i can do it ! i'm pretty good at not making important decisions :) i was tested for it and showed some of the kinds but i didn't need medication or anything . i wonder what it would have been like if i had taken medication . i don't know if i would have liked it . i travel like it's my job ... errr ... i mean i wish it was my job . i've done some traveling around western europe , but mostly around the us ( where i live ) . i like everything from cities to open ... that's how i am ! not good with the sales aspect of the job when i'm supposed to be doing it . i really enjoy helping people , and realize that most of the time people are pissed at the situation and ... i hate getting the you're so quiet thing . what do they expect , for me to get louder after that comment ? lately i've gotten the you're personality is hard to read ... i can definitely see that ... i say i forgive , maybe i do ( or maybe not ... ) ... i think my problem is i remember a lot of things about people , which makes it impossible to forget . i can remember conversations from preschool ... if ... hang in there for a little longer . maybe try to get to know a couple people versus an entire room full of people . everyone else probably wants to fit in as much as you , they're just better at faking ... for school--did you guys go to a big school ? did you meet up with students and non-students ? i'm already graduated from college so this would be a little different experience for me . i have failed at ... i've been called adorable before ... it's always brings on an awkward pause :) even though i guess i'm a softie i do a good job of not showing it i guess . i think sometimes people think i come off ... anyone ever picked up and moved off to a new city alone ? has this been a temptation for anyone ? it's something i'm considering . i know i can always come back . i have a realistic view that being ... same here . people are surprised i have never been high . same here . people are surprised i have never been high . puzzles are not my friends pretty much what everyone else said . i realize i value intelligence more than i used to . i feel like i can be kinda picky . not that i have a long list . sometimes i just don't feel dateable . i have a crazy memory for some things . but a lot of them are random , some really insignificant . i can remember some conversations i had when i was preschool age . then there's the times , you know , ... team america , it kinda made the movie for me . i know the stereotype is that isfps don't do well at school . i enjoy learning and did pretty well in college . i don't like disappointing others so maybe that's why i stuck it out ? the part of school ... once a friend got pissed at me because i didn't dislike / wasn't annoyed by as many people as he was . also i noticed at work i tend to get along with everyone while everyone complains about someone ... i was never in the cool crowd in school but a lot of them liked me . but now that i've grown i realized how bored i would have been in the cool crowd . i also never realized how much drama there ... i think i have a regular volume of a speaking voice . i was never told in school , the few times i spoke in class , to speak louder . i do notice though i have the kind of voice that doesn't carry well ... i get really really social . i don't like that always because it's oh i have to be drunk to be social , but at times it's just more relaxing that way . i do believe drunk behavior is more under ... since graduating high school almost six years ago , i've lived in five different cities . i guess i can't hold still , it's this trapped feeling i guess . thinking about relocating this year too . either ... yeah , i'm kinda bad at this . like i had this intention to finish this thread by reading every topic but i didn't quite make it ;) it's nothing person since it happens all the time . i also intend to ... i think i function better at night , but i have come to appreciate mornings ... like for outdoor type things . i love morning drives , sitting outside relaxing and stuff like that . but all my creativity ... i'm a 9w1 and i've found it to be accurate for the most part . there are some good books out there on the ennegram . i've browsed through some of them ... they really go in depth of each of the nine ... i have a good friend who may be entp . i'm not sure if he is n or s . anyways , we get along great . i suppose you could say when we hang out we're socially awkward ... but in the awesome way :P but ... i wish i knew the types of all my friends but i don't . i think i have a good mix , but definitely not one of each . i feel like i should still say how it's affecting me ... not necessarily say what they should do . i've been really lost and there's been some strange behavior on one side of this here . it's been ... i only know of one esfj and we weren't too close . but the few times we did interact and what i noticed of her : - hated being alone - tried to make me feel included - loved to laugh unfortunately , the conflict is between my parents . which might or might not lead to divorce . mediator is an awkward place for me but i don't know what to do . '