' my spotify playlist .. usually lo-fi indie , bedroom pop and dream pop to relax myself . but when i get into the groovy mood , i play mod , garage rock , 60 ' s pop and r & b , soul and some motown hits .. my favourite words are : scruffy , aesthetic , shenanigan , mandatory , dissonance , lascivious , aubergine and colloquial ... as well as british slangs like gobsmacked ( which is my most fave ) , chin-wag , ... ' deep inside of every human being is this feeling that nothing is ever going to complete , that the circle will never connect - and that itself is the secret to infinity . ' - pete townshend , the who i respond most of the time , and sometimes regretting it later because i said something irrelevant ... unless it's a phone call , i usually don't call back .. i get my depression through my high expectations in life , losing my life goals , family matters or even my own self-esteem . repetitive routines also affects the way i live . it makes me kinda want to ... i'm an infj , my mom is an enfj , my dad seems to be istp and my bro is an intj ... i'm usually closest to his girlfriend , who happens to be istj but sometimes she dislikes me for being unprepared and ... when someone in my workplace told me : man , your forehead is so wide it looks like an aircraft runway ... just . wow  i sucked at it , both at the same time ... i'm actually a serious kind person craving for knowledge , not any kind of jest ... that's why my friends loves to make jokes about me and it was kind of ... nope , nope and nope ... i may be the one who engages in conversation with anyone but i easily backing out after it ... my conversation is messy ... xp this hurt me so well ... why are you so stupid ? where's your brain , huh ? ... because you are just too easy to be tricked upon ... hahaha ( i mostly believed from people's views at that time ) mostly happens during my work as a graphic artist : 1 . contemplate the plan 2 . panic attack 3 . procrastinate 4 . gone into the mind palace 5 . wishing you were like flash 6 . but you ... i'm terrible at making sarcasms to joke around with people ( that's why i get teased often ) i'm a very serious person with a curiosity about the topics they discussed . also handling many tasks , giving ... pete townshend of the who ... i can feel he fits to this personality type based on my research . - his perfectionism - his devoted spirituality ( he even wrote about it based on his experience ) - him ... well maybe depending on what you are doing often will becoming pretty obvious for that person ( e . g . concerned , hyped , acting wierd etc . ) except when that person doesn't even care what you're ... how do you all cope with being left out ? - my co-workers usually often leaving me during lunch . ( sometimes one infp co-worker of mine waits for me tho ) i'm usually the pretty boring type of person ... i flirt by giving someone a portrait artwork of him but i remained myself anonymous ... i can't also have an ability to give it by myself , instead i'll tag a friend to give it to him . then they'll let ... very accurate . thanks alot ... xd thanks for the answer but i read that isfjs are very accurate in their memories . i can still recall my memories tho but mostly now were vague and i can't able to do good at work because i always ... i might not answer these questionnaires clearly and sorry for the bad english tho . but thank you for taking time reading my answers . ^ __ ^ 1 . click on this link : flickr : explore ! look at the random ... oh okay then , thanks alot .. ;) i used to be infj before after taking so many tests but something's bothering me that i'm not belonged to that type . i'm always quite unsure about it . but anyways , here's some of my examples just ... i'm not used making eye contacts to other people for too long . i dunno , it just makes me feel they're going to talk to me or start making dodgy conversations even if i don't really want to .. it's ... oops double post too noisy and loves to talk too much about trivialities . but on the other side , i generally liked them because they're easy to hang around with and having fun with them quite often .. xp actually i have also predicted that donald trump will win on elections and when that happens , the revelations in the bible will possibly come true . as the most powerful nation on earth will collapse ... i'm also been in a same state when dealing with unreciprocated love and trust issues ... dx honestly , i'm a pretentious and self-centered jerk . i usually decide to swallow my pride because i don't want people to get mad at me ... but it depends on the person i trusted . on the other hand , as ... 8 years ago , my true anger revealed when my fellow ( unhealthy ) infj friend posted a paragraph on friendster stating all of my ' negative ' attitudes that i didn't expected to happen on me . it left a ... - don't ever trust dodgy people yes , mbti is pretty good but there's something isn't complete about it . like the dude said , it comes from jung's psychoanalysis . it's not perfect , as most psychologists said , it's not recommendable ... i usually tend not to eat 3x a day because of circumstances except when someone puts something on a table with potatoes , pizza , dumplings , steaks , veggies , and fillets involved in it . i believe mbti is not really accurate and must not be taken seriously . i used to think te same way that i used to be infj but then i acted like i'm an infp , isfj or isfp . it really makes me crazy ... initiator i guess ... but only with introverts like me . since i was working as a graphic artist , almost all of us were introverts and like-minded artists ( most were infps ) so it was okay for me to ... afremov ? ! he followed me once on my instagram account but it didn't last long .. meh ... xp but anyways , his artworks are sooo bright and colorful and mostly his rainy ( mostly ! ) autumn-like ... one of my new male co-workers is an infp . he's a fan of a fantasy trading card game called magic the gathering , mythical creatures and even almost all of his things are green-colored ( well , the ... i procrastinate when there's a routine going on , it was frustrating . or i find my work task very boring or deeply researching for some clues from the subject i'm focusing on the internet instead of ... i have a very rich si though , i can still remember my childhood memories since i was 1 year-old ( creepy enough xd ) but only the core ones . i can also remember other people's lives and important ... mostly dark and hellish stuff , and i'll wake up terrified .. sometimes meeting people who knows me but i don't know about them . going on trips to a place i've never been familiar with ... i have a dream that i always in a hospital , an asylum , or in any public places .. i don't know what that means and i think there's a recurring danger coming along .. ooops double post ... my inner estp only comes out when i had alot of stress , i usually can't control my feelings after all , tried to explore unfamiliar places and get lost , barges in but uninvited , not aware of what ... that blissful feeling when i'm around with infps ( one infj and one enfp ) playing a fantasy-themed monopoly merged with magic the gathering board game during sportsfest . ( actually we introverts have ... it'll be a non-progressive world if everyone's head is in their ( inner ) bubbles .. i have one in the office and he's a troll ... a cold troll with intellectual sarcasm inserted on it .. dx ... based on my observation tho . i'm easily gets love at first sight on a person especially when he's physically attractive and shy . but i also easily gets out of love when i knew that the same person does have unpleasant ... preparing raw materials for my cosplay : - shopping for textiles , accessories , and make-up at the market - walking in miles until i get lost in our village - accidentally stumbled to a tailor ... just before i've read an article from a christian website , i always wonder what is our purpose on this world , and why is the earth the only living planet in the solar system . now that i read it , all ... yep , and when we sinners focused on serving god , that'll be the path to everlasting life when we die . '