' my entire post just said that not only is it impossible for someone to be entirely partial on each dichotomy but that it's also painfully obvious that each is a spectrum and that no one is bound to ... honestly , type fluidity is one of my biggest pet peeves . it's rather obvious that none of the variables are strictly binary , much like sexual orientation . saying that you're heterosexual doesn't ... like batman , intjs don't need superpowers . if you were a nobody , i'm quite certain it had nothing to do with reading philosophical novels or a lack of dj'ing . but yes , you can be an ni-dom who loves to throw parties with lots of people , as ... intj fi : ef-ī fe : ef-ē ti : tē-ī te : tē-ē ni : en-ī ne : en-ē si : es-ī se : es-ē and you're certain you're an ni-dom ? i've never heard of it being called that before but yes , that is what i do when i want to push someone out of my life . definitely s , imo everyone exhibits behaviors and functions of n , just as they do for s , t , f , and so on . ultimately , a type is about preference . which do you relatively prefer over the other . a heavy n-leaning ... honestly , your op sounds quite intj-like . thorough internal planning / organization , emotional reticence , contrarian inclinations , etc . you could very well be an infp , or any number of other types ... i was expecting a fourth clique to be listed . i'm intj . my best friends are infj and estp . i get annoyed far more than i get angry . when i do get angry , it is the result of witnessing extreme levels of irreconcilable stupidity or injustice . i'm generally not that demonstrative with my ... i'm not sure you understand what my qualities are . my te only serves as a checking system to make sure that my own ni / fi-fueled assertions are accurately upheld in the external world . it doesn't give ... being one type isn't any harder than being another . if she were an intj instead of an infj her problems wouldn't magically melt away , nor would they be any easier to solve . if you were relegating ... yes , quite frequently . i also become embarrassed for fictional characters in comedy acts , making what should be a humorous experience a painfully embarrassing one . they are way too loud for my delicate ears . there are lots of people . the quality of the music is worse than at home . i have no control over when / what music is played . i am expected to show visual ... no , and what you're talking about is not inherently linked to being either type . it doesn't stress me , but i do recognize it as bad writing . it feels like a lazy , contrived way to handle character arcs , and is often accompanied by i get to be dumb / inconsistent because i'm in ... i'm not sure how to be inauthentic when using se . on the rare occasion i employ / embrace it , it feels entirely genuine . but i never try to force it as a preference over my other functions . i imagine the vast majority of people are more receptive to the idea that there is a great range of variation in their own type ( or types they like / understand well ) while being more inclined to ... did you just assume a user's activity ? i would think that almost anyone could relate to that post regardless of type . or at the very least , anyone in the inxx spectrum . it's utterly irrelevant . the only thing that's difficult in regard to faith is trying to believe in something you don't actually believe in , which has nothing to do with f / t preference . star wars , though it's more high fantasy in space than sci-fi . don't care for star trek . i know it's suppose to be a thing intjs like , but i find it frequently dry , myopic and pretentious . me : intj character : solus ( dragon age : inquisition ) solus find himself in a world of inadequacy , where everyone is ... xxfps seem to like artsy avatars , rarely settling for a static / unaltered picture or screenshot . xxtps seem to prefer humorous or edgy avatars . xxfjs seem to like avatars that seek to evoke a ... is the intj female attractive and does she share similar life views / philosophies with me and display a genuine interest in my pursuits ? if the answer to all of those things is yes , she should state ... happens every time i try to post . sometimes the post goes through but still returns an error message . sometimes the post doesn't go through but the error message still does . survival is overrated . it doesn't mean anything . you're asking if an intj has survived an unfulfilling job for their entire career , but success in that sense is simply prolonging failure if there's ... intj . that's it . i always test the same . intj . that's it . i always test the same . i've tested as intj . that's it . i always get intj . 1 . not really correlated to mbti 2 . st 3 . tj 4 . j 5 . p xstj 1 . i often feel guilty when i help people . 2 . i approach dialogues like flow charts , anticipating potential responses and the ... intj - their own imagination . entx i could see j or p , honestly . 1 . what is your type ? - intj 2 . what kind of features do you think makes a female attractive ( personality-wise ) ? - intelligence , passion , compassion and individualism . 3 . do you think feelers ... acting is a thing , yes . though the mbti does not dictate how any type should or must act , so you're acting perfectly within the confines of your type if you behave in different ways when engaging ... i stick shit in the microwave . i'm not patient when i'm hungry , and if it takes more than 5-10 minutes to prepare , it's a no-go . furthermore , i can't motivate myself to make food if i'm not presently ... istp uses ni to predict outcomes and se to stay in-touch with surroundings . great show , btw , with lots of fun characters to type on it . i am an intj and have both ocd and ocpd . not sure if that has anything to do with type . my mother , an sj , has ocpd but not ocd . i don't think one's type predisposes them toward violent thoughts / actions at all . but the crooks still attacked him after his initial attempt to talk them out of it . no . it sounds pretentious and platitudinous . i'm not going to enjoy dangerous situations simply because they're dangerous without more significant factors dictating my involvement . 1 . te 2 . fi 4 . e ( where'd # 3 go ? ) 5 . j 6 . n 7 . cool story . entj 1 . i am very decisive when it comes to making assertions and decisions for myself , but am reluctant to make decisions that ... intj chaotic neutral . ^ this made me laugh . i feel bad for your supervisor . she sounds rather patient and completely undeserving of your incompetence and insufferable victim complex . i am too anxious and paranoid . i often refuse to take action when i should unless i have every potential contingency and consequence accounted for . nobody accuses me of having a crush on anyone i would ever have a crush on . emotions are something i feel , not something i demonstrate . some people are wired to instinctively give visual indications of how they feel , but i am not . i don't consider it a problem , however . it ... '