' i kind of didn't visit perc because i thought this thread was already forgotten about . but i came back and saw all these great replies . i really want to thank everyone who was understanding and ... so , i'm just back from another forum where some kind of conflict happened between me and another random person . what happened kind of isn't important , but the conflict was that i basically said that ... all rooms have locks on the door , of course , but the thing is that we are not allowed to use them . everyone has the right to burst through the door anywhere they want and that's what everyone does ... serak thank you so much for reading through my posts and replying with a detailed post . i appreciate your help . i've had trouble with finding a place where i could have some privacy for the ... ^ thank you for your response . my parents and my brother live in the same house . finding a place to be alone is pretty difficult seeing as it's not a big house . i told my mom about this problem ... hello . long time no posts on this forum from me . i have something that i'm really not sure how to deal with and i'd really like some insight on what to do in these kinds of situations . so any help ... edit : nvm . i can't even go out and sit on a bench alone anymore without being approached by creepy men . i'm talking about men who appear to be 10 + years older than me . i generally freak out when anyone ... i really feel like i truthfully only have the negative sides of being an infp , yet almost none of the positive sides . i don't regard myself as creative or intelligent . the only supposedly good things ... i don't even leave my house anymore . how's that for a recluse ? traum i cried after reading your post . it was always my wish to just find even one friend online , which doesn't have to necessarily lead to any kind of relationships or meetings in real life . i just ... just an innocent , gentle and scared girl ? i'll rip you apart with these hands . yesterday , for the first time , i've witnessed my father attack my brother physically in violent rage . he almost threw him out of our home , for almost no reason except my father being upset by his own ... making friends ( not just hard , but impossible time ) . being myself . not feeling lonely . being angry at everyone . feeling lost . being a waste of space . not being good at anything . being a ... i'm feeling abandoned and incompetent . something i will always be . and i can't live on if i don't accept that fact . i feel no joy anymore . all that is left is shame and the pain that tightens my chest . i need to destroy myself . help is of no use . i don't want to ever interact with anyone again . i don't understand ... could i have my name changed to lirica ? if possible i'd just like to keep it without the capital letter , if not , the capital l would be fine too . thank you in advance for your time . i'm a parasite on this earth . i need to be exterminated right now . this was something i really needed to read now . thank you from the bottom of my heart ! the mere fact that usually people say you are the one who has to create your own meaning to life suggests that certainly , there is no meaning to it . i feel completely alone . that's probably because i truly am . sometimes i would prefer that people would lie to me . your score : 66 we have the same score , dreamstepper ! i want it to leave me the hell alone . it's worse if it's a child ( or well , a teen ) the one who won't leave you alone . when i was at my grandma's , my 13 year old cousin ( i'm 18 ) would constantly run after me and talk to me , following me ... hah ! one of the best things i've read ! i'm feeling very disappointed in someone . i don't know , i have one but dishes are still not washed because i just can't get myself to take out the clean dishes then replace them with dirty ones , and repeat the cycle again . don't know about other infps , but you can find me at my home . only other places you can find me are most likely the ones i clearly don't want to be in . not always , but it's mostly the case . i wish i could work here all and every day ! ! brrr , gave me chills after one of the girls said that about a place i loathed going and working at . i'm willing to fight tomorrow , and all the days that come after it . i can't sleep on my stomach , never did and never will . i tried but it's just too uncomfortable . either my neck really hurts or i cannot breathe because the pillow is smothering me . i really don't ... these things always happen to me . once for example , my father asked me to pour him a drink , and i was so lost in thought while i went to do that , and i ended up bringing him the whole carton box of ... hah , i know that feeling all too well ! this post really reminded me of myself :) still not much better . i feel like a slave . seriously ? wow . was that person blind or something ? i understand what you're talking about though . i also get ignored in lots of forums for no apparent reason i see . it kind of makes me angry to ... i feel so lost , confused , and trapped . i don't know what is all this worth for . everything is meaningless . everything . i could get hit by a car tomorrow and not exist anymore , and it wouldn't matter ... wow , i never thought i'd be mentioned in a negative way just for thanking someone's post . all i'll say is that i don't find the subject funny at all , and that the lol at the original poster's post ... this made my night ! thought after the tournament i'd probably want to marry all of you guys and not give any of you to other women ! : laughing : i read many threads here about this issue with ... but ... but ... then all women would take you infp guys , and seeing you are quite rare to be found anywhere , there would be no one left for me : sad : might not have to do much with original question in topic , but ... there's nothing more sexier than a quiet , considerate , kind , and an emotional man . even shy one . of course , maybe not when they ... wow . this so much . thank you for writing all of this . i went through something similar days ago when i almost beat up my older sister who has been mistreating me for years ( with me just passively ... i'm right handed now . but i remember when i was a kid i always used to pick up the pencil and fork in my left hand . but then my mom would always scream at me that i'm doing it wrong and it should be ... i really don't care about what i'm wearing , and i don't notice what other people wear either . i wear what i have , which is just something as plain as a t-shirt and jeans . my physical appearance is ... i completely understand how you feel . like me , you are a very sensitive person and such things strike us a lot more than other people who might find it even funny that it affects us so much . but it's ... i think it's completely fine . i sometimes role play male characters and i don't see what's wrong with it . i could relate to it a lot myself , so i'm saying yes , too . michael 82 haha ! exactly my situation now ! estp and mushroom . yummy . i'm a huge fan of survival horror video games , for example . but the nonsensical violence portrayed in some of the movies i can't watch . i'm very sensitive to any kind of violence if it looks too ... '