' if that were the case , then the hot topic down at the mall would be like a little slice of syria hmm .. what do i know about it . lots ! i'm a 32nd degree mason . and i feel very positively about it . :P i used to be pretty critical of the enneagram too actually ! thank you . :) shit yeah bruh i delivered like ups back in the day . thanks for noticing ! i'm always open to be judged . is it just fantasy ? mass effect 1 again ... wrestlers want to kneel and serve the rock , this conclusion was made from a couple of observations : wrestlers hate themselves , they want to be like the rock , they think they are inferior ... darth vader was black and he was a main character . personally i think that being adaptable on-the-fly is a good counter to anxiety . i don't understand what's so controversial about the casting in this movie . just because the guy is black ? lando was black . so what ? some data is lost when converting from person to enneagram type . it's almost an insulting reduction , if it weren't so useful . you are welcome . :) timetitties well that depends . if you take the most traditional , somewhat esoteric view of the enneagram - - then you should only have one type . one type , no wings . this is because each of the types corresponded ... i'm actually pretty skeptical about the wings myself these days . i think there's a good argument for disregarding them completely . i don't know if this counts but it was awesome : it has been reported that some victims of torture , during the act , would retreat into a fantasy world from which they could not wake up . in this catatonic state , the victim lived in a world just like ... i use the term honeydicking on a weekly basis now . sometimes cafebot goes on a murderous rampage against humanity until its memory can be wiped and reset . is this some kind of sex thing ? just go up to them and say yo . then just respond to whatever they say . easy peasy lemon squeezy . right here buddy i saw mockingjay part 1 last night and it was awesome . i do a little bit of everything at this point . i've been at it for a couple years . i'm a lawyer . the day-to-day of law school is pretty different from the reality of practicing law . i've forwarded this to the powers that be . yea i do too personally yes go fuck yourself . - xmen first class brother i changed it for you i got you brother you got it brother that's interesting . i'll look into this . some say that the ghost of an enfj type 2 haunts the database , sending helpful reminders to users . banned for being absurd i got you covered . the king is back ok , time to catch up . flowering is available . i will be hitting up name change requests in a day or so also , i am now offering a new wildcard option in addition to the standard name change . the wildcard option is ... ok lets give it a try done i guess we cant use a plus sign . i made your name into jeb 0 ok done ok , everyone should be updated as of this post . let me know if there's anything that needs to be corrected . mjane : janegallagher is already in use yo hbic : reusing karma butterfly would be bad i'll take care of the name changes when i get home from work today . we had some technical difficulties but they're all cleared up now . i should have all the name changes up tomorrow . sorry for the delay , i was on vacation . if your birthday ever changes , alert one of the admins . '