' no profile pic ( it's an image ); no siggy ... so private , and based on the profile image : infp plus enneagram 4 and ' counter-type 5 ' ( see beatrice chestnut's book for description of sub-types ) . i don't think of it as ' secretive , ' which to me implies some kind of wrong-doing , but rather ' private ' and ' very introverted . ' and yes , protective of oneself . in a world where it seems that most ... enneagram 9w1 and healthy mbti infj or esfj type to share pseudo-scientific worded articles then argue as though it's backed by proof . jewelssmiled : welcome : come play some games , then : we have no purpose in game threads but to relax , and some of us become friends . i'm off to follow my own advice , although my own nest ... sx sp i don't tolerate prying or people asking without divulging or assuming it's cool to ' pick my brain . ' that simple : if someone peppers me with questions i'll stonewall them , and they can go flatter ... oh , how am i ... not as sore as yesterday ; my right knee isn't giving me sharp pain warnings ; i made my hummus recipe up and it turned out well ; i got the girls out for short play sessions , and a few ... the only thing i was sure of was inxx . after that , and looking at ' one ' photo , i thought , ' could be infj ; could be intp , but inxx for sure , and extravert : no way . ' a photo of me that represents ... core values , e . g . a person values a clean neighborhood , he doesn't litter ; keeps his front lawn mowed close or pays someone to do it . maybe another core value ( like an apple core , it contains ... electra 2 here is the photo of bugsy you wanted . i have more when he is younger and so is gizmo : very adorable ... if you want i can share via vm . ✍ ( ◔ ◡ ◔ ) 718426 i had so many songs on my mind this morning--and many still waiting in the wings but here are five for this post ; i grew up listening to them all , some every day on the radio , for years ; others on ... immolate i like what you're doing here , reaching for some depth . that said , 2 , 3 , 7 and 9 always come up at the bottom for me , which may seem surprising not only because of the images but ... i write the songs - barry manilow ( live ) and one more for the finale , a song written around 1975 by cris but i didn't discover until i ... old man - neil young live ( i love how relaxed he is with the audience ): pancho and lefty - townes van zandt ( live and relaxed with some ... well , pilgrim _12 got a couple of bands i was gonna share but not the songs so here's one to kick my shares off , and i'm in the mood to really mix it up this evening , and everyone wrote these songs , ... i thought i might be in too much pain to care much for myself but i ranked it up there with caring for others ; it is part of my metta meditation and vow i've made to learn to think , speak and act ... electra 2 what a lovely message to come into perc and read . thank you . ( ✿ ◠ ‿ ◠ ) i let myself stay in bed until after noon . heck , i had to stay in bed that long--didn't get to bed until 1:30 ... i kept postponing a project i didn't think i could do , and i did it , today : eight hours including breaks for my spine , it-band , right knee ... and by 6:00 p . m . i'd done it . ( • ◡ • ) / ... i didn't get much / enough sleep ; woke up in overall pain and extra in my right knee , and thinking about a lap blanket i wanted to make someone who has cancer , i said to myself , you're going out one ... i listened to a whole lot of soul when i was 10-20 ish , so 70s to earliest 80s , and this group i listened to every day for years . this particular song is as relevant today as it was when they put ... gusmaz you're welcome . and thanks for being gracious and saying thanks--many don't bother . i hope you stick around and come play in some relaxing games in the cafe and infp areas , although of ... stereotyping : useless or harmful ; either way , no thanks . gusmaz i'd type you , from reading--closely--everything you wrote and how you phrased it , what you did , and why ... as infp-turbulent which is descriptive , i . e . i don't tell people what they ... i have enjoyed it so far . my husband came home tired and mentioned hesitantly about lying down , and i said , i was going to say i have to go lie down , my back and right knee needs a break ... so off ... pilgrim _12 your sharing reminds me of a song an older sister dedicated to me years ago , and until she shard this with me i wasn't sure he got some essential aspect of my personality or was ... in the frame of mind for a whole lot of quiet and solitude , and i'll not get enough of either so accepting that is high on my list for mental work today . hours to myself as my husband attends church and i don't--and he's on the worship team , otherwise involved in ways that keeps him there for longer than a traditional service ( not that he attends a ... sandpit turtle acting like i never read anything about you , which is hard , i'd say by this photo isfp . 716394 go to 2 minutes and 10 seconds for the song this young man wrote for his father : this is my life : we've been singing this song for a large portion of our 29 years together : she is one of the loveliest song writers and singers--very down to earth--i've ever heard . i speak of her in the present-tense though she battled and succumbed to cancer long ago : ... yes , it was difficult for some questions . for the section asking ways to improve the test i indicated that asking us to tell which answer we gave most often , a or b without anyway for the test-maker ... i got ili : intp which i most often get with socionics as my f / t is close . blueberries strawberries very ripe bananas hard-boiled egg whites ( alone , no yolk ) home-made hummus sardines in extra virgin olive oil with 1 tablespoon unrefined coconut oil manna bread ... homemade hummus with manna bread and diced tomato . still tired from the overdo day , and a bit down because i don't have the energy to do anything ; i'm too sore to do anything safely if i did have the energy ; and i didn't get outside at all on a ... a friend took my husband out as a surprise and bought him some work clothes . we have one income--his , and a whole lot of medical debt ( mine ) , so with winter coming , we need many things , and work ... siddhartha gotama and jesus of nazareth . i have the flat to myself for a couple to a few hours as my esfj husband is off with a friend . ( • ◡ • ) / after eight years on intjf where i had interactions with a whole lot of introverts--intjs and intps the most , and with commitments i have now that are on the edge of impossible to fulfill , i focus on ... and and i like neat , minimal , easy to reach , efficiently arranged--ever since i was kid , i never complained when my mom said my sister and i ( we shared a room ) had to clean . now that i have auto-immune , ... never , but when i was much younger if i thought a baby sister or someone i knew was struggling with something would like to read it or get some needed information from it , i'd buy the book for them ... i never truly committed to anyone before my husband so with him , it was from our first date , and we've been together now 29 years . we just celebrated our 24th wedding anniversary last month . i ... two days into a needed resting period , and my behind hurts ( fracture at coccyx , old , still hurts quite often after prolonged sitting ) , so i'll be logging on and off the internet today , and when i'm ... same here when i was in college , and as you note , motivated : i was an honor's student , made the dean's list even though i was in a wheelchair and leg brace after a hiking accident and struggling with ... i'm considering letting the kids ( zanona and beezus ) aka the chub scouts , and pickles out for the minimum amount of time tonight as i am too tired for full-throttle play time . my husband can spot ... one of the best musicians and performers in modern times , and this is a great song : my biological father is an istj and although i was his favorite child when i was growing up , still at home , he got angry with me quite often for being on cloud nine all the time and wearing my ... '