' when you give people directions using visual landmarks , because you can visualize yourself driving the route . and your friends get lost because you mentioned nothing about street names . : laughing : whenever i have a place of my own i will paint the rooms i spend the most time in with the most vibrant colors . ( and one of those rooms will be gypsy red ) you are right that we can't fix his problems , and we can only influence from afar . however , what i meant to say is if we knew more we could give a better response . i hope you can forgive me for the ... considering that i am an eagle scout , and one of the requirements for it is to plan and lead a service project , i do have some leadership experience . i'm not that effective of an authoritarian ... i like what aelthwyn said , but i feel it is too general to help him out . find out what his goals in life are , and why he is taking a theology major . i feel like if we knew more about him and his ... i definitely agree with you about needing structure . i often find that left to my own whims i dwell in my thoughts and get nothing done . sometimes i can make good schedules but following them is ... i so wish that i could get this game ... only if the man's name is richard johnson , and he raises chickens . : tongue : when i like someone i'm usually around that person . ( friends or people i find attractive ) i also tend to speak in a slightly higher pitch . i fear what would happen if i voice my opinions , especially when it comes to core beliefs and perceptions about reality . i fear that i would go insane . i fear that i would never fully be able ... i am sometimes like this , but other times i am the complete opposite . just last night i heard my parents arguing in the basement , even though they were not that loud and they were on the far side of ... personally i being prefer abby normal over normal any day . my eccentricities are not problematic ... at least that is what the were-cuttlefish , who devour pancakes and sing in a tone of voice ... indescribable . : tongue : 1 . personally i'd rather identify myself as christian first because i put my faith in jesus christ , not the beliefs of my denomination . however i'm probably have more in common with various ... why god have you made me attracted to redheads ? : crazy : the way i think of it dreams and reality are opposite ends of a strip of paper . there are probably going to be many obstacles in between them , but under the right conditions you can bend both so that ... why do you want a friendship built on lies ? : confused : tencharacters home is wherever my friends are . i am not sure how i would go about dating , but if i were dating it would be to find someone who i will one day marry . personally i find tvtropes.org more of a timesink than wikipedia . either quiet young man , or completely crazy . there is no middle ground . : tongue : i cannot answer for you , but when i'm feeling really down it is mostly me pulling myself down . be the change you want to see in the world - ghandi sounds like a plan . maybe when you wake up in the morning you might get a name for that headline . : wink : i wouldn't be adverse to talking to an enfp . however i'll be away for a little over a month , and depending on how many people are on a chat i may find it a bit draining . consider me the ... well , i would take a break from what i'm doing and think of anything but the headline . things usually come to me when i'm not thinking about it . however , judging from what you are saying you don't ... i'm good at lying , but hate doing so and all the pain it has caused in my life and in others around me . :: sad :: indeed some of the black and white ones were quite thought provoking . : happy : firefly , doctor who , stargate sg - 1 ( preferably seasons 1 - 7 ) , stargate atlantis , and the twilight zone . spend time on the internet , read , reflect ... : sad : i figured i would probably wait a bit first before asking a girl out , so that i may find out whether she is already in a relationship . all of them thus far were already in relationships . backpack - - because it has a bunch of the stuff i need coat - - because it has even more of the stuff i need laptop - - because i'd like to still be in contact with people who'd be able to help me . ... yeah pretty much what you said , and i really enjoy the poster too . three word stories in particular are amazing , especially when your friends try to set something up and when it is your turn you ... that and where i am . if i'm in the middle of the wilderness i think that i won't be needing too much money . mr . bear ? mr . bear ! do you know which birch tree the atm is in ? : tongue : i think of it this way , if god can make all the parts of a whole object , then why can't he make a machine to make those very same parts ? in the end it doesn't really matter how the world is ... if that's the case i think i understand . however i think it is also a good idea to weigh the pros and the cons of sharing his sexuality before doing anything . from what i have been gathering so ... depends on the tattoo really . if a tattoo stands for something she values ( and i also value ) , then i guess i would find her more attractive . yet again i've never dated , so my opinion is ... why does he feel that he must tell his family that he is a homosexual ? that or they refuse to even identify other solutions as possible solutions . whenever i argue i'm usually passionate about what i'm arguing about , so sometimes i can get really angry . mental peace probably , so long as i can pay for a nice , hearty breakfast . ( i realize i function best with two ice cream scoops of scrambled eggs , three to four breakfast sausages , a large amount ... these are good points , but i don't see how they help infps do boring tasks in particular . when i need to do monotonous work i usually just go and do it , nothing really special . it is when ... once a dance with dragons by george r . r . martin comes out i will read it . sometimes i don't know whether people consider what i do or want to do worth while . if i had infinite money i would travel everywhere . that's why i wrote my post . why do we always consider gay as homosexual , when gay has a few different ( not to mention older ) meanings ? infps are a very emotional bunch , so at times we can be very merry and social . also we can show our true colors when something attacks our values . take a look around and i'm sure that you'll find ... well i don't really know what to say about this thread , so i'm going to say something that i think you ladies ( and maybe some of the gentlemen ) would enjoy . a real man is male and makes his ... every time i read this thread i get hungrier . : laughing : i am the same . '