' pretty please , with a cherry on top , help me find my type ! it ; s been a wild goose chase for me . whenever i think i have narrowed it down , i find myself demonstrating behaviors of a different type ... if it couldn't be a peaceful death in my sleep , i want fast and painless . nothing where i'm in extreme amounts of pain for a long time . i strongly desire sleep , though i'm certain i will be wide awake when i get home . such is life . my guilty pleasures ( on the top of my head anyway ) , are mainly tv shows . reality tv shows at that , such as steve wilkos and food related ones like top chef . thank you everyone for the warm welcomes ! i'm at work , obviously working hard . ^ . ^ anyone else have any ideas ? i could really use more opinions to build upon . im always willing to fill out more questionnaires . thanks . this definitely helped clarify things . so you think i'm enfp ? out of curiosity , what lead you to this conclusion ? i always considered myself an introvert . shows how clueless i am , i figure . still trying to learn about congnitive ... the romanovs - white flag steak and corn on the cob . hungry lucy - hill 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information ... karen elson - a thief at my door bitter ruin - outrageous 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes ... birdeatsbaby - china doll i'm still a student . a behind one , at that , due to an illness . just trying to finish up so i can go to college . in the mean time i still figure skate during the day , and got a small hostessing job at ... a hot cup of tea sounds amazing . i ate a steak fajita . skipped the tortilla because the meat was just so good . some dark chocolate with almonds . it was delicious :D sleep . it seemingly never comes , though . the cog is dead - the death of the cog hello , i'm a new person on the block . my name is cassandra . due to my interest in different types of personalities , i decided to join here . i took the one test and came up as an intp , but i'm just ... '