' first of all why waste three steps to get to a solution when one would suffice ? anyway the bolded part really gets on my nerves , someone telling intjs to break and bend the rules , like seriously ? ... well .. my counsin is entj & every single time we meet we play chess . up until now we've had hundrets of rounds . majority of them ended in tie and no , there are no questions sciense cant research and answer . understanding the answer is different matter . also note this ^ btw i was a little dissapoint the link didnt point to ... taking the 80 hours per week , nothing besides income changes . note : i'm working 12-20 hours per day as a freelancer these days give him hell . verbally . and dont stop until he gets where you are going . and btw you'd better not mix your feelings for his lil ' bro into this mess , ' cause that's like giving him a hitting weapon ... miniature universum simulator 9000 * points to brains * as ironic as it is .. solitude usually i'm fine being alone few weeks , but during past few years ive learned to value company of closest people in my life . so in short what nexus 6 said above . i ... when the intj throws a verbal punch at you . dodge . let the intj figure out what you did . repeat that'll make their day & you'll be their new best friend for being awesome . or in otherwords dont ... entj mom and [ most aloof ] intp dad . in a messy process of divorce . try and survive that as the oldest kid of the family & intj . needless to mention i moved out to live by myself when it was taking ... outwardly yes , internally definedly not . world wide firesale program first step would be convincing rothchild's and people of high economic power this is in their best interest - gather network of influental people [ bilderberg group ... isnt this the exact reason remote detonator was invented ? this is why i design , manage , build and manufacture myself . in the meetings i attend im all 4 and the boss looks confused . that is until i confess i already did it lastnight without asking for ... i think this relates to ni and the way we handle information given to us in a way intjs are probably one of most cautious types due to ni-te loop and as such smell manipulating attempts coming a ... this so much . not to mention intj dropping personal projects to be with somene he's known a few months is like ... the biggest compliment you could get simple . in the beginnig there are lots of informative things to talk about . after majority of those topics have been used it becomes harder for the intj to start talking about anything as intjs in ... although the thread is full of good replies and suggestions i still want to contribute as a fairly young intj in a loving relationship 1 . intjs love simplicity [ atleast in emotional matters ] . so ... try to look for people who look like outsiders in the crowd . bingo ! stop caring so much try focusing on something you like dont think of the world and the people who misunderstand you , instead find people alike you , let the humour take over and maybe have a drink ... well in case of significant other ... why make it any more difficult than it is ? when i miss her i usually lay on my bed for a while thinking up something clever [ silently admitting to myself how ... trhis is just like debate about difference of 0.999 ... and 1 , i mean in the end they are mathematically same number . chances are if 99.99 % accurately proven x to be y , then chances are it really ... over the past 5 years i can vaguely recall maybe 7-8 times ive cried and only two of them are because of negative feelings first one was when a close person to me died , so i shed a few tears , but ... definedly not . in a relationship the other one has to be someone i genuinely care for and it wouldnt be fair . essentially i think we intj are serious and commited people who would feel ... love / passion [ for everything i do ] people being detached from reality and not understanding just how close to animals we still are . instincts still rule us still so much that we should still be considered part of the nature , not ... quite an insight from an infj , scary really . just tell him what you worry about . once . not twice or more and above all dont try to force girls on him [ or anything for that matter , not ... rainbowdou sounds a lot like something intj would do , if my gf told me she cheated me and wanted me to know it because she regrets it then i would most likely forgive her , much much different the ... i've been working as a lighting designer , lighting tech , roadie , gfx designer etc etc as a freelancer since i was umm 15 ? jesus thats almost 3/4 decade . anyway only real problem with it for ... in short ... happy life , family to share it with and something to leave behind yelling i was here . ehhh i dont care enought to change my behavior , i am myself altho sometimes the goals and purposes i have change . my behavior in life in general is goal oriented when im not procrastinating , lost ... yeah definedly not gods and the leadership question is kind of obvious if it's traditional up-front leadership . the forum powerstruggle ... i have personally seen something similiar up front and ... yea i guess .. its a long story but ... ive been living with this little lady with some ehh .. problems with her health .. depression etc , so she requires emotional support quite often . then ... in a few words ... loyal , supportive and geniunely caring , other things i appreciate in so are being interesting , willing to put up with my oddities , being intelligent enought to comprehend ... infatuated people might view the person they are infatuated to little biased , so she might seem fun and adventurous . as for working in bar - i personally work as lighting technician and it ... in business situations its wise to have an intj as the wingman coz he can see through all the bullshit the otherside is trying to feed in addition what yarr posted there are a few things that get you far .. assuming the girl is an intj 1 . geniune interest in her and her hobbies and other stuff she does - as long as it doesnt ... ive done my fair share of digital arts .. websites , 3d arts , animation , banners , signature art you name it , also i suppose i have musical talents ( our whole family has some as well as near relatives ) ... guess upper middle class would be closest , atleast when i grew up .. family and close relatives own land and forest a lot , have a big ass farm , although its no longer used actively as farm etc etc ... depends a lot .. there's a reason i'm as private person as i am . there arent many people who could really emotionally hurt me .. and if any one of them would intentionally hurt me i would probably ... something unpredictable may always happen so i try my best not to grow attached to my plans more of i plan just .. general loose plans and have dozens of images in my head where those paths might ... you know it's called scheduling tho even that requires degree of selfcontrol i listen to lot of different styles .. rnb , glam rock , hard rock , classic , edm , pop , dozens of subgenres of metal lately i've been again listening to oldish jazz and blues style music along with ... used to be .. until that fateful day last year ... november to be exact and tbh i wasnt 21 , i was still 20 zero interest getting into relationship , sex .. basically having that someone in my life , ... there is one type of .. shady business i'm sure i would do very good at . information warfare one man information agency trading , selling and buying all kinds of infomation ... even national ... inside intj mind  simple loss or even threat of losing significant other or a child note :d o not , i repeat do not try for real or consequences will be horrible in all imaginable ways 66221 nobody says anything until one of them farts , intense staring ensues . begin by making craptonne of contacts around the world , then start running a company that you drive to become multimillion company that has activity on several fields , when you have enought power , ... since this topic is called the best way and not the cruelest or amusing way to freak out an intj i'd say ... confessing your feelings to an intj should do the trick , especially if said intj has any ... '