' i'm still here when you mention me by name ! long time no see sir ! hope all is well with you and the family . sent from my iphone using tapatalk ... when we get a stickied thread called isfp meat locker ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk it's not about the meat locker , it's about sending a message ! a message that i have no idea what it's suppose to say ... i hear you on the socializing . a trick that i've learned is to build rapport with people so that they drain you less . the more comfortable you are with them and the more you've learned about them as ... goodthankyou i'm one of your favs ! ? what did i do ? : happy : sent from my iphone using tapatalk i agree with you 110 % . before when i didn't do this it caused a lot of hurt feelings . i believe the biggest thing is that we should vocalize our expectations versus keeping them silent . no one is ... absolutely , we like harmony . so we want to notice our commonality first . the fun part is when you realize that each isfp is their own island nation with their own set of rules . exploring that is fun ! this never solves anything . : tongue : just my two cents ... some things to consider : 1 ) she may not realize she's taking advantage of you . 2 ) if she's an isfp then jumping in the car to hang out with you and then realizing she ... i was lazy this last saturday and did nothing but watching tv . no regrets . then i made up for it by being extremely active on sunday and monday ... sunburns everywhere . there's so many to pick from ! but if i narrowed it down to a singular person it would be arabellagator truth . cold hard logic wins again ... sigh i agree . however , we are pulling in all sorts of new isfps because we can't make up our minds . they too can join the confusion ! haha . clearly a thread in which we can't make up our mind about what the thread should be named is exactly the type of lounge thread that we need . that way it's never confirmed nor denied . everyone can ... thanks : tongue : sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'd also like to point out that my suggestion for our lounge is in the lead with 11 votes , all of which are authentic and not troll accounts created by me to pad my stats . : cool : the very fact ... totally voting for that ! ! ! i love how this all goes from a poll to something completely different . by this end of this we may not even care for a lounge . such is the way of isfp . : happy : sent from my iphone using tapatalk arabellagator i'm not saying they aren't clean socks , i'm just saying you may want to double check . : happy : lock arms ... this killed me ! haha ! you've gone up the point rankings in my book . : tongue : creativity over clarity . well yes ! this is the artists forums . i believe we should vote if a vote should even take place to vote on extending the vote for the new lounge . the best way i can describe it is saying ... they can neither confirm , nor deny , that a god of any sort does , or does not exist . agnostic . a person who believes that nothing is known or can be known of the existence or nature of god or of anything beyond material phenomena ; a person who claims neither faith nor disbelief in ... someone who shares my values , someone who can escape reality , a good heart , doesn't matter what type if you don't have those . sent from my iphone using tapatalk where we begin and where we end is not a straight path , but a wide open area , like space , in which all beings may go in any direction they wish . you have pain and it permeates and colors your ... that's incorrect . i don't try to bring you down or up . offering another perspective is like looking through a different window in a house . we are all inside the same house , with many rooms and many ... i'm curious ... we do not know one another personally . what algorithm or comparisons did you use to come to these conclusions ? tucken i respect your beliefs and opinions . i disagree with doing without effort , living without interference , intelligence without thinking . in my opinion and experiences life has taught ... tega 1 you have no proof ! lies , slander ! : tongue : caustic banana when i communicate my thoughts or opinions i tend to start with , i feel . you are spot on . an honorable death among rogues . i finally went to the gym today and did 30 minutes on the rowing machine . ahhh , progress ! : happy : don't worry , i'm just going to create some dummy accounts so i can pad the stats on my suggestion . mwahahaha : crazy : then i believe you've answered why it is people turn on you . it's part of you and the universe . you should be glad that they do and yet not glad . you should feel sad , yet happy . embrace it as your ... solid advice , i like it ! this is a troll . in case it isn't ... love thy neighbor . what would you consider for yourself is an area of improvement which would help you in your relations with other people ? born 2xplore have you , or your family experienced any significant changes over that summer ? for instance , a death in the family or a friend , a significant relationship that ended , etc . we are very secretive and elusive . we are common enough but we know where to stay hidden and out of sight . the biggest reason you don't see us is simple , anti social . an apple a day keeps the doctor away . now who's going to do that ? : unsure : what stresses out an isfp : x96 rigid structure and rules x96 having to violate their deeply held values x96 not enough alone time . too much extraverting . x96 too many demands or obligations . x96 having ... i believe one of the biggest challenges is not to become jaded . our past experiences often lead us to this type of behavior where we unduly and unfairly punish future happenings as a result . we ... yes , i talk with my hands probably more than i'm aware of . i feel odd when i don't . i find that holding a cup of coffee or a drink suppresses this habit and has the same comfortable feeling as if ... mninp this is just my two cents ... isfps , as you stated are shy and don't say much . words are used to supplement our actions . through actions is how we communicate . rather than bumping into her ... i agree with a lot of what you said . not all debates can be planned out , like a social gathering where discussion turns into more . do you disengage from a debate that is impromptu ? how do you ... this right here is at the core of my values . love without bias and condition . forgiveness so that the darkness may hold no sway on our hearts , minds , or souls . tucken haha banana eating iguanas sound so cool ! then you can have women over and be like , hey baby , check out my ... iguana . what ? oh no ! its my pet ! wait ! come back ! : laughing : he may or may not be jealous . i'm sure there's some good in there . : tongue : everyone needs to remember , hurt people hurt people . be kind to all those around you to stop the cycle of pain many of ... i admire that you like to understand someone . many don't take the time to even inquire about what makes somehow who they are . granted its a process and can take a long time . i , like you , reserve ... '