' hello ! i am working on a presentation by type . part of each presentation is feedback from a range of people of the type being reviewed . i would greatly appreciate it if you could take a few ... mmmm ... hmmm . well , irritants : people who bitch about everything . suck it up folks , live and learn or get out of the way . when i can hear someone chew thier food . that i am never sure if ... i like to read and generally have 4-5 books going at once . planning ... i plan trips months in advance and like to hone my spreadsheeted plan for fun :) i also like to hike and be outside doing ... um , hilter for sure . and this lady i work with that everyone hates , we just did a workshop and she came up as my type ... nice . sweating : frustrating : it is 95 degrees ( f ) out and we have no a / c nor windows that open in our office . my office is currently a blamy 89 ! i swear if one more person wants to have a closed door ... if i think about it too long , it can really freak me out . but i tend to be more of the buck up , germs make you stronger school . cleanliness , i want it to sparkle , but i don't want to be the ... or have said to yourself , after passing with the highest grade in the class , i can't believe i just faked my way though another one ! i have never once studied for a test in my life and i have ... well , thank goodness it's not just me ! did you notice , with the exception of dearsig that it was mostly the men that said they are good at it ... so i wonder if they truly are better at navigation or ... i wonder if it's because everyone is constantly trying to relay directions to me based on landmarks and where people used to live ... what difference i see is : alpha role in work = leading to solve the problem alpha role in social situations = leading to make everyone happy and having fun ... possibly . for me , at least ... 1 . the speaking to a large amount of people ( 30 vs 300 ) is also very difficult for me . 2 . i am super impatient and this isn't good for parenting ... or anything else . 3 . weakness 2 leads me to ... i try to be a more green person but tend to agree with a some of the folks on here that a lot of the hoopla is just hype ( global warming , melting icebergs , etc ) . you just can't believe anything ... do any other entjs have a hard time navigating without a map ? i can get there find if i have a map an know i have to be the navigator , but otherwise , i am terrible about finding my way around a ... i have to confess that i really have a deep love of lists ... check lists , to-do lists , shopping lists . i feel like writing these things down frees up space in my mind ... usually to think up another ... when there is a crisis at hand or i have a very long list of things to do . if it get very bored , i can't concentrate and usually end up going in circles . oooo , if you only knew ! right now i have pinned up on my board : 1 . what are our standards ? 2 . who is holding staff accountable to them ? 3 . make the people fit the process , not vice versa ... maybe ... maybe not ... i purposely didn't go with the whole lion eating a gazelle thing because i wanted to do something different . i have noticed a little bit of some of the kitty / brain / free ... fieldmarshall would be what i would pick for my entj-ness . i am always trying to move things along ( come on people , pick up the pace , can i get a sense of urgency around here ) oddly enough , when ... i want this on a plaque or a t-shirt or lil pillow or something ... this is my new favorite quote . : crazy : what are your areas of interest ? making things more efficient ... my dream job would be a professional organizer or life coach . that is why i loved being an admin asst because basically you organize ... well i had tried to get her in person , but she has been avoiding me like the plague ever since she stole our lawn mower ( i know , really , but whatever ) . and i can't get her to answer the phone ... so i ... and this is entirely possible ... i have constant foot in mouth ... but i usually know when i've done it . i just can't place it . i'm guessing she's either 1 ) irritated at my husband and projecting that ... oh , bowden don't be a d * ck ! : crazy : sorry , the door was open , i had to ... otherwise , i have to say that i was trying to honor dh's wishes and not worry about ... but , i caved and sent her an email ... hmmm , maybe when i'm excited about something ? not in writing though , never in writing , i'm so dry that no one can tell if i am joking or serious . i need someone to tell me how lovely i am on a regular basis : unsure : i do not enjoy public speaking , i get huge stage fright and get so nervous i generally can't remember what i said . i hate ... this is sooo bizaare for me ! i have always had a very functional relationship with my step children's mother . in fact , she has thanked me for helping her raise her kids as recently as january . ... i can tend to babble and make zero sense if i am nervous ... especially if i am trying to talk about something that i don't want to approach ... i will absolutely come at it from the wrong end and end up ... jinx ... are we the same person ? ! : cool : i have had a recurring nightmare that people were trying to get me while i was sleeping , but they couldn't get into the house , so they cut holes in my ... when bad decisions happen to good people but it would be mostly about my 20 ' s ... the next installment would be happiness isn't something made up for tv ... that's what i'm learnin ' now . i took all three of her books on vacation with me ... oh , it was a good choice , so funny ! right now , i'm reading the girl with the dragon tattoo by stieg larsson and wives behaving badly , i don't ... i haven't but i really would like to . i have a group of girlfriends that have all been friends since grade school ( the newest member of the clan joined us in 6th grade ! ) and then there is one ... yes and also when i am very frustrated . the more mad i am , the more ridiculous it becomes . i have no control over it and that just makes me more angry til i become a slimy mess : blushed : considering i am geographically very close to the rockies , i support the colony theory ! i am over run with ixfxs ... i just sat through yet another meeting where no one said anything until they were ... i am done , done , done ! it actually took me sitting down last night while mr . esfp unpacked the wall decor ( instead of the dishes still sitting in a box in the kitchen ) . i hammered them out rather ... right now , it's full of boxes since we moved on sunday . grrr , i'm getting a headache from all the chaos ! i don't like a lot of knicknacks because i hate to dust ! however my esfp husband hung up a ... i strive for cute ... makes me feel less bad when i'm bitchy . it's wednesday , breakfast burrito day ! and i was late for work ... so when i got here ... fresh chorizo , potato & cheese burrito on my desk . yes ... some days it rocks being the boss . i got a promise for a massage tonight ... even better it was a text so i have it in writing ! you know , i never really thought about it , but ... my favorite things in the world are hiking , camping and going to the lake . i am not really an outdoorsy girl , it messes up my nails you know : tongue : ... hehe ... i like routines because they are like little lists i can check off in my head : tongue : and checking things off lists is my favorite ! that is exactly what happened with my letter folding job . hard to believe that it could be done wrong , but i was so bored , i found a way ! bingo ! we have been evaluating the clinics so we ... oooo , that is too funny ! i shop in patterns , too ... when i set out i have a definite start and finish with all of the in between mapped out . even if i am only browsing . i also * do laundry ... i live in western nebraska currently ... do i like it ... it's okay . it's very flat and not a lot of trees . however , it is 3 hours from the denver area which is good and the healthcare industry pays ... too funny , i hire someone to clean my house , my car , mow my yard , etc . i don't do that myself either , when i can afford it of course . i find that i spend so much time trying to de-clutter that i ... i have been working on a very engaging project for the last month , reviewing the efficiency of the process flow in our clinical locations . love it ! however , there is no real deadline for our ... i love the idea of a list of activities for people to choose from ! i make up menu plans and put them on the fridge and let the kids pick from that list , so they don't feel like the are on a ... [ quote = turranmc ; 425906 ] fight fight fight fight ! the entj forum is so amusing . everyone here hates on each other so much it's hilarious . quote ] it's not fighting , it's active debate ! ... not really ... other than i can remember while everyone else wanted to be rich and famous , i just wanted a normal ( aka organized and tidy ) life ! my mom is an infp . i agree . i like a man who will come over and fix things . don't have soft girlie hands . smell good always . but that's just me ! otherwise , have varied interests , don't make fun of her planning ... the pekingese dog was originally bred to keep chinese emperors warm ... they were carried around in the large sleeves of thier robes like little heaters . most native american cultures are ... '