' who here makes use of their talents to make some great artwork ? post it here to show what you can do ! i recently finished this promo . ... as of a couple of weeks ago from the personality 100 report , my personality flucutates between enfp / enfj / infj / infp . it makes sense because i'll wax or wane being very sociable or needing some ... my high school years were very unpredictable , condtional and yet very exciting . for example , i was very quiet in my freshman year ( that and i was dealing with alot of home issues as my mom was ... it really depends . often times , my mediation and daydreaming on my projects end up blurring into each other . i feel very distilled very ambient as a result . often times i allow my skin to feel as if ... staying true yourself and understanding that you are your own problem most of the times are two completely different things . i mean , he's clearly illustrated his problems which result from what's ... now that the new expansion is right around the corner , do you think you'll have to rethink how you play with others ( especially considering the facelift involving azeroth and the classes . ) the shining you - . hack / / link ost i would definitely love to have an ability to disperse into particle shards and switch people's powers out . or have something very similiar to the newtype or innovator powers from the gundam ... good for you man , don't be wallowing in the mud on self pity if a million dollars is hangin in front of your face :) . my advice is to be like the water that flows in the ocean and be completely ... damn , you should've asked us before doing something like that . i'm gonna say this with cold hard experience to back me up on this , you are fucked for the next 8 years . dude , you will be one of ... finally the gamers are popping up . i was getting sick of non gamers here lulz . i wouldn't say i'm a loner for the games . i am an explorer and i explore what fascinates me so to say . i like ... most of this stuff can be associated with any relationship or broken home syndrome . although what caught my eye was these statements . i haven't really fit in anywhere in my life and i do ... i <3 a strong woman . i love how they speak their mind , aren't afraid to get their hands dirty and are quite open about their beliefs and values . hell i love it ( sometimes i get the worst hard on ) ... i would recommend , first off , doing something that has an art department such as the film or game industries . while it is very rough to get in , they are also very general . not only that but the ... oh man , this is a horrible question lol . my high school and college classes have always been a huge inpsiration and a very powerful foundation to me . in the 10th grade , my algerba taught me ... i won't go as far as to say there isn't such as self pity . i've seen some of the users in here literally wear their tragedies and cut themselves within that their own is saying fuck clotting the ... 1 . college is very open , to me it is a definite freedom of release ( you can take that sexually , spiritually or mental knowledge being granted ) . i find it's easier for me to talk with people since ... to cause a shift in thinking processes within the masses and bring about something powerful through the form of an online game / epic . the time for growth of the human soul and their ... mine is definitely something coming to realization or awakening . something revolving around the sun within the cosmos and the leylines that connect each piece of matter ( such as planets , stars , ... stay the ride alive ~ orchestrated whose getting the 2nd epic orchestrated album that will surpass it's predessor in it's entirety . it will be out in 2 days and will be available for digital download ! those unfamiliar with the ... the test gives , regardless of what it says , tendencies and what you're inclined to do based on what you did on the test ; aka it's a mirroring what you put down to tell you what you are or likely to ... finally something nice to see besides the emo ( yes i will use emo as it's being correctly used ) threads i've been reading around here . gotta love the madness behind crossovers , specifically the ... it really depends on the situation . i am a leader , although i don't lead people much like the boyscouts roll or how the military does their over dramatic version . in my times in online ... i lmao at this hahaha ... i don't know what it is about internet humor , but if i see it , i start hysterically laughing nonstop till my ribs hurt and i can't breathe . it's the funniest sight when i'm curling up in a fetal ... hugs are amazing :D * gives all the babes a bear huge with a candy grab ass * / flirt well that's definitely a problem right there that needs to be fixed asap . that's like trying to fix a bad pipe by closing all of the valves while pressure is building . if not dropping a mentos in a ... i think the first personal question i'd ask when was the last time the two of you had initmate time behind closed doors ( and by that some serious make love / up sex ) . i also don't buy the whole 15 ... i used photoshop cs3 and a crapton of brushes i downloaded off deviant art . it was actually a very violet and yellow and i was trying to make something divine out in outerspace . then i had this ... i'm a lil sick of seeing the whole depressions threads . so i thought it would be a good idea to see what the infp's cook up when the creative mood strikes them . nothing like some creativity to spark ... i have but i'm still going through massive amounts of growing pains mentally . what i found was that , the world and your life are not like any epic you read , play or watch . there is no happy ... i will say your quote is very synonymous with the state of va and west va / lulz ( and i'm from va mind you :P ) i think it's a matter of training your body . i've been training myself to see people's aura's for example . it's not difficult to do but it definitely ... is a great lie detector . i know with my background ( and the fact that i've acquired knowledge of being infp / infj ) that it can be ... a bit more tricky / difficult at adapting a certain social norms or customs ( like going to ... all i know is if i smell a woman wearing some kind of fruit fragrance ( peaches or apples in particular ) , it makes me want to go hump crazy xd . journey through the decade ~ symphony as of today ( and it's my b-day of all days > . > ) , someone who i did consider my friend started rubbing in face about some pretty nasty situationw that occured a couple of weeks back . no provocation , ... i have to say i was a bit aroused when i was on the street some days ago watching a mom breastfeed her baby in public . it kind of tripped me out and makes me wonder if newly fathers experience ... tri-racial = black , white , asian here xp out of the 4 personality tests , i got infp 3 out of the 4 with infj taking one ( this was recent ) . i have to say i agree with in terms of doing and dreaming . then again , when i took the first ... castle zvahl ~ final fantasy xi ost i found that sometimes , people want other's approval for who or what they worship ... lol approval . if it doesn't agree with them or their own beliefs , you are in the wrong in their eyes : x ... i wouldn't go as far as to say doing anything out of fear is wrong . i mean if you are afraid of going to a casino because you think it's fixed or you'll lose a butt load of money , the fear is ... most people , including these forums , have no idea how religion became perverted ( or should i cite that religion itself is never about any spiritual connection . rather it's about tradition and rituals ... there's one of the main differences between western and eastern civilizations . most western religions , philosophies , ideals come from or around confrontation . light or good against dark or evil ... 22 here in 2 days :D it's normal for people to be different in crowds ( in fact being a bit two faced isn't a bad thing . i mean , do you really want to think and act the same toward your grandmother as opposed to your ... you know i <3 hearing a woman say something nice about her figure . there's too many women that gripe about their weight or how skinny they are and all they do is just that . no effort to change just ... '