'  8 & feature =p lpp_video  thanks for all of the feedback . i really appreciate it .  she wants revenge - written in blood  milky way bar i'll always have this on repeat ... lately , i have been trying to get into post-punk music . the only band that i really know from the genre is joy division . but here are a few songs that i found that i like . ... definitely monsters inc ... i can still remember all of those times i imitated mike wazowski back when it was in theaters . i would if i had the opportunity . everyday theme : party theme : benny benassi's version is just as good as the original but i prefer this ... i'm a bit stoned right now ... this mixtape sounds better when i am in this condition .  : laughing :  i am not going to sit on my ass as the events that affect me unfold to determine the course of my life . i'm going to take a stand . i'm going to defend it . right or wrong , i'm going to defend it . - ... once every blue moon i find something that i like on the radio but besides that the mainstream media as a whole is very shallow . however , i wouldn't recommend any of the stuff that i enjoy listening ...   this song makes me feel happy somehow . had this on repeat all day .  the hangover part two   well i guess i'll post mine . warning ! nsfw ! the same as it never was istp you are from uranus ! 33 % uranus well , how about that ? you are from uranus ! uranus is a bit unusual in that it kind of tilts to its side . they think that might be because it was involved in some ... i have used both pandora and iheartradio for listening to music . i like both of them but i have loading issues with pandora on my ipod . i favor iheartradio more because i usually don't get that ...  i am beginning college this year . the major i chose was media & mass communications . i'm having second thoughts about my major now . i'm willing to admit to these stereotypes . btw ... i thought the last two fast and furious movies sucked . just saying ... love this song . joy division - shadowplay iggy and the stooges - search and destroy the pop group - forces of oppression dualesc - rows elysian fields - sleepover ... remember all caps when you spell his name .  just finished reading brave new world by aldous huxley .  look out ! cause i'm just too fake for the world i know it's just a game to me i'm just too fake you see i wish i didn't have to be but watch out i got too much soul for the world it's breaking ... '