' the alchemist - paulo coelho fe types need to fuck off with this shit . there's nothing i hate more than being told i'm not outgoing enough , or i'm not happy enough or whatever the crap they're on about this time . didn't really have one group , moved around between around 4 . i always saw myself as quiet and reserved , but people that i talk to to now tell me i was popular .. so that's surprising . always had ... i started to notice my natural hand eye co-ordination as i got older , and it made me think about my childhood . i grew up playing in our street constantly ; football , soccer , cricket , baseball , ... don't have my licence or own a car , or really care about either . i'm 21 . only you control your destiny . that's all i'm going to say because that's something that i've learnt . i'm in a similar position and things only get better when you take the time to make the change ... at the moment the only games i play are gta : iv , tbogt and tlad , skyrim and battlefield 3 . all because they are the best games of their type and have massive replay value . australian hip hop ; mr hill & desmond cheese , tuka and seven . park ranger . walden - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i think that my emotions are the reason i listen to music . either to get them out or change them . i prefer to settle disputes by words . usually ending with me making the other person look semi-retarded in front of their friends . however there has been the odd occasion where confrontations have ... can i trust this person to back me up . and not talk shit about me . i'm a fine young man with an old man mind . when you hire a movie to watch for the pure nostalgia , and people feel the need to ruin every twist because we've all seen it . yes we've all seen it . we are all currently seeing it again , so shut ... moving post man . hope your journey takes you to where you want to be . gladiator set-up where you pick 1 large weapon , 1 small weapon , 1 defence equipment and identical armour . i smoke weed everyday . have done so for a number of years . however , i recommend sparing recreational use only . the largest possible size testicles can grow to when affected by elephantiasis is 28 inches diameter . read that one a surf magazine page cut-out and glued to my book in 5th grade . i thought it was an amazing movie . the story dragged on it parts , but gosling did well . i definitely felt an association with the character straight away . remember everyones perspective is a ... i don't think i could have said it better . apart from adding that people tend to look to me for ideas and direction . raised catholic and went to a catholic primary school . but i see myself as agnostic with a twist of taoism . why do you look so serious ? are you angry ? what's wrong ? intp and isfp skateboard . i want to succeed . in everything . i just don't know when , or how this is going to happen . for me it's a simple as needing an outlet or a vice or something or that sort that once a week helps me blow of steam . that's our all energy or none attitude at play . i'm trying to be helpful here so understand that i don't mean any offence to anyone . if you're an infp and you are trying to instigate a relationship with me chances are i've already noticed you ... it's all about our ability as troubleshooters to call on huge amounts of relevant experiences or information when we're put in a tight position . our heavy introverted thinking also allows us to ... i agree with what you said . a lot of the time i feel like people never stop talking about themselves , so it's hard to actually take anything from conversations . han solo . that's why .   complex but not complicated . simple but not stupid . live life like you're an action movie star . shit works for me :) god yes . bump . anyone feeling the urge to contribute again ? my emotions and inner world are kept in a vault set-up like the start of that indiana jones movie with the rolling ball .. you know the one . everything i do and say comes from this inner world ... smoke weed a few times a week , drink most weekends , take ecstasy probably once a month . have done shrooms and speed also , and would like to try lsd at least once . every drug is dangerous is you ... drinking , smoking weed , skateboarding , video games , weight lifting , work , going out in general , going to the beach .. having sex with my girlfriend . ( that's social right ? ) i've thought about being an electrician . it doesn't sound to bad , going around installing lines and troubleshooting depending on the building , etc . i feel the same way , if i end up in a desk job it's ... i'm good at anything i put my mind to . i'm great with my hands and need achievement through visuals . i'm not particularly mechanically inclined but i understand how a car works . i'm not a huge sports ... exactly what the thread title says .. or recommend a job you think i might enjoy / excel at . i'll only be checking back nightly but to start i'm 20 and male , istp 5sx4 , 8w9 , 3w2 . hope that helps ... everything that has been said so far in this thread . but my main fatal flaw is that i can't seem to figure out my direction in life , career wise and love wise . he needs a push out of the nest . and to be experiencing new things daily . i think that at age 18 all istp's should be kicked out of home and told to go travelling . that's when we would find ... you'll be fine . use it to learn how to deal with the different types of people there are . it helped me :D you guys and gals are amazing . i think i could sit and talk with your type for hours . i had to stop reading this thread at page 7 . the broad generalisations being made by some people where just beginning to get to me to much . boxing characters into personality types on things like ... of course it can . everything influences you . that's how . graphics and mathematics were my strong suits once i learnt to apply myself . everything else i didn't really bother to much with because it didn't interest me and maintaining interest is the most ... '