'  okay just to make it understandable as i see it this is how i would characterize the unhealthy loops / shadows what you want to call them . if anyone has info that goes against this please direct me to ... i dont mind friction . i solve it as quickly as i can , but usually going around for days or hours being angry dont seem sensible . so i have some questions to you all . i have been having difficulty figuring out if im an enneagram 5 or 9 . i lean towards 5 , but some people i know online say i might be 9 and i can basically see ... good luck on the jobhunt from a fellow jobseeker bundle theory can only work for me in the inwards world or in the mind as a sort of method to remember things . i didnt read the whole text , but im trying to relate it to the op here . it almost seems ... yes thats the basic idea , any other thoughts ? or are we just being captain obvious ? exactly , and i was reading up on the enneagram types and the threads aubrey started and now 5w4 seems more me : laughing : i can see myself as a 9w8 , but i feel im too interested in the inner world of ... so i was talking to grim about enneagram on ventrilo last night and i had some thoughts on it . this idea has some lacking thoughts so im not saying it is perfect . i have a basic problem with the ... well basically almost all led zeppelin is cool so ... i've been into techno since 1994-95 , so ive heard , nu-nrg , happy hardcore , early trance , leftfield , triphop , idm , us house / garage , uk ... old stuff that brings back memories danish progressive trance from 1996  out hud - dad , there's a little phrase called too much information hard answer but this could be some of them . miles davis - kind of blue godspeed you black emperor - lift your skinny fists like antennas to heaven boards of canada - music has the right for ... no i think its more mr . tshh : laughing : then use ad blocker lol hey use firefox missy nem hahaahaha i love enfp humor okay okay if the nfs cant handle this we'll take over ourselves ! * hugs mikhail in that nf way that i dont what is * yes but for me putting a percentage on what apperance is to you dont mean i go for the totally pretty girls all the time . i go for the quirky ones more often that have that special look in their eyes ... i feel so shallow now :( 60 % i could get into a longer discussion why the first part is not true and basically it would go no where it seems so why bother . lance when you ask me that directly i have to answer . i have come to ... i totally agree had a thing with an enfp . i was coming out of a wrecked relationship and that girl just made me work on myself , was supportive and helped me patch up my life up again . i still have ... tkae , honestly i understand that you want to protect someone , but it would look better if you stayed out of this . basically because what this is about is honestly about something that went on before ... your result for the your type of girl test ... the bad girl 60 % sexy-cute , 32 % dark-light , 40 % artsy-stylish cute , dark , and neither artsy nor stylish , it's the bad girl . you can't confine her ... i read not in entirety psychological types by jung some danish book on the subject about how we converse and this : 16 personality types : descriptions for self-discovery | interstrength ... i'd have to say i agree with the jim . i understand your idea wicked but basically the sjs have more in common than the st's have with eachother for example . different areas but still the same focus ... dont encourage him wicked . goodbye sir ! may you have great wind ps : when the polish becomes the new world leaders then please dont kill me ... : crying : im a 4 usually but put some drinks in me and im a 6 wow really ? : sad : so if you have come to the conclusion that you are an ixfp that means we have already determined that you use introverted feeling as the 1st function . that means we are looking for wether you are ...  one can always try mr bob i dont know your working enviroment and it might be an unhealthy one . because honestly i want an enviroment where both types are appreciated and respected for their special contributions . i love ... come on , tell me , i can take it . edit : nevermind i guess this is going nowhere and is something i can never change anyway . even if it is hypocrisy and not a new start as promised . i guess you read this in polish , right ? because if you read it in english im amazed . learn to write proper english dude , as a dane i understand that sometimes people misunderstand me because ... i feel a good connection with enfps because we share some traits , like the randomness that enfps exude . i can relate to that and can sometimes be enthusiatically moved by them , more so that than an ... pillars of the earth by ken follett . i was like a mainstream writer ! no i'll just find it boring . but its actually quite well written . oh yes their sense of humor is great too . im bored totally and utterly bored by this class . i feel trapped a place i dont want to be and the only motivation im here is economy . id say that it shouldnt be as hard to understand her since your 3rd and 4th function are her 1st and 2nd functions . i have a ixfj probably closer to being an isfj than infj mother and id have to say ... dude seriously , thats so counterproductive . are you really that bored ? if you want to be typed , maybe look up estp , that seems to fit the whole im gonna put a cap in your ass pseudo alpha male ... so wandering you think this is making you look better that you attack and troll back ? get a hold of your emotions dude so you're a human being ? hahahahaha so you are an infp ? hahahahahaha seriously dude that comment you made to grim just now showed some want to actually want to really get something out of this and then you destroy it all ... you can read my mind : shocked : * runs * you moon are truly one of the infps i relate to alot * nt-nf super hugs * jim is not a hater as little as i am , there are just types from all the types that you as a person can not relate to as much . i honestly dont understand the idea hate but i know some people on here ... i would like to introduce myself as the official infp basher of the site . so i am the one you should talk to . ( i should make a badge i could show everytime this topic comes up ) '