' wow . i'm honestly sorry you took my comments this way . they actually were 100 % empathetic , and not in the serial killer way you took them . i wasn't being sarcastic . i truly meant that i felt bad ... i definitely agree with this . i also dream in stories . and i'm not usually myself in dreams , but someone else in a completely different situation .  ... though this may have more to do with my ptsd ... poor megamax . he tried so hard to make this a board for collecting data and it still turned into a soapbox for what a fraud iq tests / scores are . if he wanted to see if pinball scores correlated to ... wow , this was a little scary in that it matches me so perfectly . even down to the description of the unconventional , playful , intelligent , off-beat conversation . love it ! i could add that infps ... i feel kinda bad cause i feel like i only come on here when i'm feeling rotten . not very fair to you guys . but man , i need a hug . . . my parents are enfp and isfp and have been happily married for over 30 years . they really seem to get a kick out of eachother's differences . i hear you . i know first-hand that recovering from a bad situation can make you feel like an isolated alien who poisons the air everywhere they go . i'm still in the midst of recovering from severe ... but those cat videos are so hilarious ! ;p thank you very much for the idea . i will definitely try it . it may sound weird , but i've always loved the smell of dirt . i will keep your friend in my thoughts and prayers as well . i feel for ... i just read this : infps are creative , sensitive souls who take their lives very seriously . are there people who don't take their lives seriously ? oh , whatever , it's just my life we're ... wow ! that is an awesome family . my grandmother is an entj , and wow , i can't even imagine . it's so funny to think of me being my parents parent ( wow , confusing sentence much ? ) that's great that you ... do you really feel like you need a romantic relationship to have ambition ? at some level , i wonder if that is the culture pressuring you into thinking that way - - since it pretty much devalues all ... sorry to hear about your heart-ache stell . i've been there . it reminded me of something i've been thinking about lately . basically , people try to put falling in love and romantic-love as the ... i love working with kids . i think they just sense that i'm one of them - sammy bryant . i definitely agree with what everyone has said on here - - 1 - on - 1 would be ideal . i often work as a tutor ... dimes you're the best stelly . i'm having trouble finding words today . but this was just beautiful . thank you . my dad is an enfp and he was a great parent . it was funny reading what lati said about connecting to kids because my dad was the same way . he did some fun stuff with us when we were little , but it ... i've always been in love with cantonese . especially that laaa tone they hit at the end of sentences . first , i want to say a big thank you to everybody who is responding to this thread . it's really interesting how you all responded with a big no ! . i'm glad i know now and i promise to stop ducking ... it's important to realize that hsp deals with the over-stimulation of the central nervous system . at some point , absolutely every person , no matter their personality type , will become ... welcome cuttlefish ! :) thanks for posting . we found our infp rooster ! i don't know who it is , but somebody voted in the poll . i think it's awesome that there is an infp for every animal . thank you very much for this heart-felt reply . i really hope it didn't take you back to your own trauma too much thinking and writing about it . i appreciate it a lot . i am definitely beating ... eccentricsiren i think it's admirable that you can play music at all . :p i'm still stuck banging out heart and soul on the piano . it's a special form of bravery to go out there and pour yourself ... so , i know i said i was going to be taking a break ... but i just feel like reaching out , which i guess is a good thing , since this is not something i like to talk about . i've been struggling with ... need someone to throw you a line ? where did this ocean come from ? hang in there . <3 need someone to throw you a line ? where did this ocean come from ? hang in there . so , so far we have almost run the entire gambit . we have the most dragons and pigs , but no oxen or roosters . an infp rooster ... i'd like to meet that person . my mom is an isfp rooster , and that's ... please , oh please , my sweet stelly ! don't let this ridiculous go-get-um culture eat your beautiful heart . understanding isn't nothing . goodness , i've been walking around the earth with a whole in ... i love people born in the year of the pig . they're so honest and frank . :) i find that sure , i'll talk a little more bluntly when things start to get stressful , but only if i think you will hear me . when things really hit bottom i tend to go silent , switch on ... wow , that's brave cosmia . it kinda sounds like my worst nightmare , but i guess you are going to really put the bad-ass infp theory to the test . but do you think an infp could be back-stabbing and ... i thought this might be a fun poll to see . i've always related more to my chinese zodiac sign than to western astrology . plus the whole idea of seeing people as different animals is fun ( and rather ... i just keep buying squishables until i feel better . . . it works every time . 197378 you totally rule cherybranchs . infp hugs all around ! haha , love this chery ! i have to admitt to the same feeling . i know i should be working but i keep reloading the pages to see if anything new pops up . then i get way too excited when there's a new ... thanks for the support and love . i think you are spot on with saying infps need encouragement when dealing with loneliness and turmoil . it's strange how different it sounds when you hear someone ... in my heart , i want to be a warm , open person . i want to be carefree and share all the love that overwhelms my heart when i look at the world ; at people ...  ... but then you say stuff like that ... you're right when you say it takes a long time to get an enfp into death stare mode , but jeez it is scary when it happens . i've started quoting the ' avengers ' to my enfp friend when i see it : we ... i think the enfp subforum might just be the nicest place on the internet . i'm starting to be the infp weirdo that won't stop hanging out here . :p wow , i think hotaru is right , you guys are made of diamonds and magic . but seriously , it is so interesting to hear how optimism drives you . i think it's amazing . i realize that you do get hurt ... maybe i'm just old fashioned , but talking about getting laid that night sounds like a bum to me . i was trying to be supportive . i hate to see people talk themselves into doing something because ... i'd forget the bum . it's not the end of the world to sleep alone . sounds fun monsieur , good luck ! it is so painful to hear that you are in such a dark place . i would really recommend talking to somebody , especially if you are feeling like giving up . there are crisis call centers you can call , ... ok , maybe i'm just missing something , but it seems like enfps ( and enfjs for that matter ) never have any self problems . they have unwavering self-confidence , undying optimism and they're afraid of ... wow , you have an amazingly strong heart . i know it feels like you are lost , but the fact that you are upset about your situation shows that you know which way is up , how to love and that you want to ... i think you already did write some poetry there ai.akane . that is definitely the way it feels . i do think that most people feel that way to some extent , no matter what their personality type ... because it gets totally stuck in your head : chandelier by sia . this made me laugh out loud . love it ! and your avatar only made it that much more awesome . thanks '