' to never become like my mom and having to have ones own way and not let people even speak before interupting them to tell them to shut up and listen to what you have to say even though you have ... 1 . what musical instruments do you play ? tuba as my main and love , trombone as my second but what i will be playing this year in college band . flute , clarinet and bass clarinet in past concert ... well walk in as party is ending i think typical forces down a few swigs of an unknown awful tasting alcohol to try to force my gaurd down . casually picks up ice cream and syrup and starts eating ... so hmm , how to describe my way . well this is going to sound so ; well i am not sure what but for the past few relationships ( and the one i am currenyly in ) a ' switch ' in my head goes off like ' hey ... i hardly ever wear any makeup and when i do i usually leave it to eyeshadow , eyeliner , lipstick ( depends though if it is a band event ) . for more special things i wear blush and if they force me to ... haha i have not been on this site in a while , and wanted this story to be the first i visit because it is such a fun one . so anyway story time . :) when we start to head towards the castle i ... i am terrible at math , i like numbers and all and i can find the pattern and stuff in problems but when it comes to equations and setting them up and stuff i fail ... epically ... i vote for barn owls ( well maybe each of us can be different kind of owl ) can i still be a barn owl i have about 100 words so far , i just dont have the time with school and wokr to sit down and write . but we will see how far that goes . i am an intorvert . i got a job at michaels and after a while on the job i just want to go home and just get away from real time people ( i like going on the computer and doing stuff like this that is ... oh do tell do tell . i wait to tie it , mainly because it is fun to watch it swing back and forth while you are walking . although if it was convient to tie it right then i would ( it all depends on the situation ) like if i ... physical touch and quality time = 10 words of affirmination = 6 acts of service = 4 gifts = 0 i tried to do it a couple of years ago and every year i plan on doing it but either i start but can never finish or i just dont have the time , i think i might try this year , at least to get a good ... yes i am doing this right now . and i have kept doing it since summer . i have to work on my senior project and i tried to do the summer timeline when i had more free time and it just failed . so i am ... well i don't like going to hospitals at all . when someone in my family goes to the hospital i try to get out of going to visit them at almost all costs ( i even did this when my mom was in the ... i swear a lot , i normally do not and i am normally quiet but when i get angry i can get loud and swear a lot , it also depends on the situtuation . people know that when i do this i am pissed off i have a 3-5 page essay due tomorrow at midnight ... stranger : hey how ya doin ? you : * looks around for the pencil sharpener * stranger : erm ... pencil sharpener ? you : need to sharpen a pencil other than that good . you : what about you stranger : why ... i will do it , although most of the time it might end badly but i will give it a shot . i might want to be the fool though because i think it would be fun , or maybe someone in the band ( band is my ... tuba for 4 years trombone for 1 flute , clarinete / bass clarinet , i used to play but now i just pick them up for fun or whenever i want to just practice so i dont lose playing them totally . tuba ... i just hand out with zwanglos and then i start to wonder why i am flirting with him ? so i just sort of walk away and trun into a cat and wonder around in the tall grass . we walked our of the doors into a medium sized medow , that to the left on a high hill there was a medivalle looking castle that you could just make out shapes of people on the turrets . i thought that ... i decided that i would turn into a rat type animal to just scurry around and check the place out . i do not really care where we go i was just told to watch out for them and stick with them . also i ... that is awsome that you are trying vegatarian but i am curious as to why it is specifically 45 days ? well there is this recipe to make a potato cake which is really good and simple .  ... i say we have a lot of places to hide out in and exlpore . lots of wildlife and nature . and music ( especially instrumental ) and a lot of things that we can be apart of right now i hang out with the band kids , gate kids ( the smart kids ) , the out casts , and basically anyone who gives a rats behind wheather or not i exist . i don't fit in with the popular crowd at ... i followed her under the waterfall and when i surfaced i looked around and it was a giant cave . the one problem i had with it was that i snesed that something or someone lived in it ... really ? cool . yeah isn't it just like a maze ? rebellious 1 because i liked the colours and the little face . 2 becuase i should be getting my summer assighnments and senior project done but it is just not happening . that was funny . i am thinking that maybe it could be a regional thing . maybe if you grow up somewhere where the streets sighns are hidden and sometimes there aren't any to begin with then maybe you ... well this is easy i thought myself , well that is except for the fact that i am not sure wich animal would be best : sad : so i was one of the last to go in . i decided on something that resembled a ... so this craziness is not ensuing so let us ensue it . first off we need to find zomboy then we need to figure out what is going on . then we just need to get the ball rolling again we never did find him did we ? anyway my sense of direction is ok . like i need to be following my own directions and not someone elses ( i got lost in the city for about an hour using my moms ... an mp3 player because the only personal music playing device i have is a 7 year old cd player that guzzels batteries . eventually a volkswagon bug oh and probably my most wanted item is a 4 valve ... i am 5 ' 9 or 5 ' 10 and i love my height i wish i were taller ( i always wished to be 6 ' ) . i am attracted to guys taller than me which is kind of hard to find ( especially because i would like to wear ... oh wow that looks like fun . i wish i had known about it back then . i remember a lot of things before i was five . i will start with 5 and go down . 5 was kindergarten and i can remember all of that so i will not go into detail because there is to much . 4 was my ... i thought that people were inside the tv . my friend thought the same thing why , then how . i am exactly like that . when i was little i thought that braces and glasses were the coolest things , i still really like my glasses but i hate my braces . ( when i thought this it was before i had either . ) i find it really hard to smile for photos also . school photos always come out and i thought i smiled and it turns out i did not , then some years i will show a smile in the photos . i guess it all ... i used to think that the only way for vampires and wearwolves to not get me when i was sleeping was to pull my blanket up to my chin and keep my wrists in for the vampires and legs in for the ... haha just the force field / glass wall of different groups when i go and try to talk to them . nothing big . haha yeah . i usually see what is happening but when i try to step in it fails and i get repeled i have been a vegetarian for almost 4 years and i progessivly eat less and less animal products . i started off just not eating most meat but still eat seafood and eggs and dairy , then i stopped ... i do love a guy in uniform , any kind actually . military , local authorities , bandies . i think what appeals so much is because i have grown up with the thought that the were the good guys and they are ... haha it is good to be back and find that this thread is up and running again . i have always distenced myself from people . i have never told anyone my deepest feelings . my friends all know something different about me that together is all of me but seperatly is just a peice ... '