' when you are on a college band trip , and your roommates in the hotel invite some girls over . once the people start getting there you immediately leave , and bring with you a chess board and some chess ... trail and error and error and error and error and error and error and error . seriously , just stay logical even if you are wrong the intj will respect you more if you have actually thought about ... i sing , but i don't like to do it front of people . the place i am most likely to sing in front of people is in a car listening to music . when i by myself i like to sing for me it relives some stress . ... it depends on the difficulty of the individual chess program usually computer programs have 4-10 ranges of difficulty on the program . i can defeat most computer programs on their easiest difficulty ... sure , but how would you suggest doing it ? it depends how good you mean i am far , far , far , far , far , far from a grandmaster . i am on about an average tournament player level , but since i am still in school i don't have time to play otb much ... if you would have said an invention i would be fine , but can i ask you to be a little more general ? :) but i'm sure the invention was awesome i just wasn't there . i agree that it is easy to keep saying well how did that get there ? i see an infinite regress however as impossible mainly because we are here , if we could never get back to the first thing ( which you ... one of my favorite inventions is the air condition i love that thing . thank you willlis carrier . for making it practical and widely available . outside the universe ? hmmm ... 67499 67498 what is your favorite invention ? why ? also some background info on the inventor or the invention may be helpful / interesting for others . other personality types input is welcomed also . i am taking this idea .  is the location of this video if it won't play . yeah i always found it strange that they could figure out complex physics / travel problems but not fly / land very well . but here is a thought maybe the aliens that we do catch are just drunk . that is ... well i am looking forward to hearing it , maybe it would enlighten / open us up to some ideas / data . : cool : or maybe i just like the sherlock holmes books ? there can be seemingly strange ideas outside of religion , strange is a point of view . i guess i am just trying get people to share there ideas that ... what is the craziest idea , theory or belief that you hold ( maybe the one with the less proof ? ) ? this can be anything from questionable scientific ideas , to your thoughts on bigfoot and ufo's , and also ... 1 . jesus christ 2 . sir . isaac newton 3 . nikola tesla 4 . julius caesar 5 . wolfgang amadeus mozart 6 . sam walton 7 . william shakespear 8 . plato 9 . leonardo da vinci 10 . garry kasprov well there is certainly nothing wrong with being an optimist i have nothing against it . there is also nothing wrong with being a realist . i am not suggesting that you stop because it is impossible to ... ok this is fair enough . i just want to point out i don't think that nobody would compromise with other believes , i would say some would i just don't think it would be enough to bring serious changes ... so do you want to build a new the best of each kind of world view that we should use in order to make further / faster progress in the understanding of the world ? if so i think this is perhaps a ... however i now admit that i / we have strayed of topic and so i apologize for my part in it , but i layed out some thoughts on the original topic earlier so i will only respond 2 thoughts on that post or ... i agree that the judeo-christian god could have created man in a non-evil way ( he could but then nobody would have any personal freedoms and would have to worship and follow the judeo-christian god ) ... just a thought you could argue that the camera wasn't working properly or that the picture was edited or that there could be a fragment of a us quarter that is to small to see ( not saying it is a ... yes science is flawed , but so is everything else we will never learn literally everything ( weather by science or other means ) , but science can get better . i agree that science is not the only way to ... 60428 1 . i am a realist more than anything there are things in life that are positive and there are things that are negative . i look more at how the future can be better , then i look at the flaws of ... 60345  i think poe was a good at what he did / wanted to do , and i can have respect for anyone that can do their job effectively no matter where there inspiration comes from . it is clear that others also ... i am a lot better at chess i prefer chess and it is one of my favored hobbies . i almost always win ( 98 % seriously ) and 3 were to be nice / teach a cousin the game and the rest were to my dad which our ... i agree it looks good at first glance and then you realize that only thinking / knowledgeable people remain . there is always at least two sides / ways to do something . this society since it values ... oh , well i just assumed i may have misspelled something ( which isn't uncommon ) . so i was just apologizing for any mistakes ; however i guess a wildebeest would also have trouble spelling and writing . sorry i have dysgraphia so i have never been able to spell or write very well . in my opinion if you can't sound it out then it shouldn't be a word . you know your an intj when ... 1 . you come up with world domination plan's just for fun . 2 . you have books ranging form the art of war to the sherlock holmes collection 3 . you have had ... well , i was trying to be more funny than serious , im a new ( i haven't done those things ) . my favorite quote / literary excepts in no particular order . 1 . i have told you these things , so that in me you may have peace . in this world you will have trouble . but take heart ! i have ... you know you're an intj when ... you enjoy sending people on mind goose chases especially police officers . police : license and registration please me : hermits have no peer pressure police : ... ] personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? steven / or any recognizable shorter version of my user name . - any nicknames ? none * male / female / trans ? male age - 19 well , i will tell a little more about myself while i am here . my name is steven , i came here to learn more about my own personality type and other types , and just to learn / talk about anything i ... hello all . new intj here . '