' just be yourself :) flaviagemina perhaps . however , i will admit that patience isn't my strongest suit , and i do not want to spread it too thin . i would have to approach the nurses in my unit and my volunteer ... 90 % of what i listen to is instrumental / soundtrack / ambient . picking my favorite is hard , so i'll just post a few different ones going across the spectrum .  ... flaviagemina yet another intj wild angelfish thank you for your responses . i read over your responses and will individually address them later . perhaps i am worrying too much about this ... i do none of those on a regular basis . in the classroom ? occasionally , but i need something tangible that someone can sign off on , and i simply do not have that . on the other hand , i now see how much ... i already do all of those , but none of those guarantee leadership experience or even give me the opportunity to attain any . i suppose that's an option , but i would save it for an absolute last ... it seems as though colleges love leaders and leadership . they can't get enough of them . that's why nearly every single college or scholarship application i've seen seems to place some degree of ... are you aware that it is the current year ? intp here . of my collection of ~ 800 songs , i would say that 55 % are purely instrumental and 35 % have very ambient background singing or chorus chanting . 50 % of my songs are soundtracks of movies , ... i recommend that you use ublock origin instead of adblock . it is available as an addon in firefox . adblock will now allow acceptable ads through ( ie any google ad ) , as they were bought out by ... i guess i never got back to elaborating on my experiences . i was forced , against my will , to partake in visual arts programs ( and on occasion performing arts ) throughout the time i was in ... i'm still in high school . so far , i have attained a high class rank , but at the cost of a decent social life . i have also failed with interacting with the other gender , which , if not improved , will ... i absolutely could not stand taking art classes throughout elementary and middle school . i've put off my art requirement in high school so far , but it will come back to bite me soon . anyways , what ... part ii ( alternate ): you're sitting in a senior living home . your children placed you here so they could seize your remaining assets on the pretense that you were too mentally incapacitated to be ... haven't started yet , don't plan on starting anytime soon . so far , i've found that i am completely undesirable to the opposite gender , and this point , i don't see the point in forcing myself into a ... landofthesnakes the_truth swede thanks for the responses ! i settled on chemical engineering because of my great interest in chemistry and , as swede mentioned , the different areas and specialties i ... i'm a cold potato that is slowly rotting away . well , i made sure i was put in ap physics for my senior year . i guess it would also open up some colleges to me that prefer their incoming freshmen to have at least some background in physics . meh , i got more of a rise out of this .  are there any chemical engineering majors around here ? this is a major i have become interested in as of late , as chemistry is one of my strongest subject areas and greatest interests . if i am to ... i find it funny you posted this . just before i saw that , i thought about posting the song that goes with that scene ( technically the one before the interrogation ) . ... i mean , come on , it's the current year . 2016 . 2010 + 1 + 2 + 3 . mmxvi . 7e0 . 111 1110 000 . if we are to advance as a species , the word ironically must be eliminated from every language . does making a typo automatically disprove your point ? just be yourself makes me cringe whenever i hear it , especially when it is offered as serious advice . it's a passive-aggressive way of implying that the advice-receiver is somehow lacking without ... i like psy-trance and trance in general . here are a few of my favorites ( well , maybe more than a few ):  ... i can daydream in about any environment , regardless of the presence of sound or the lack thereof . listening to music ( specifically instrumental , but there are exceptions ) tends to make me daydream ...  i would likely be staying in a cramped , 2-3 person dormitory room , not a spacious apartment . edit : i should also add that i would have little choice in who i would be staying with . i'm assuming ... i'm still a couple years away from any of this , but i've already begun wondering about the whole college roommate dilemma . considering that i haven't gone to a single social outing with others of my ... if this is to be implemented , i think that it would be best to have member-only forums and mixed anonymous-member forums . that would keep out at least some potential disruption . not a bad idea though . jus b urself :) bcom who u r :-) huh , i'm in the pacific time zone and it appears all the times match up for me ( ~ 5:15 pm ) . check your daylight savings time settings . no , the college feelings police should be able to adequately protect you :-) my parents forced me to take piano lessons when i was very little . i hated it and stopped going after a year . that's the only formal experience with musical instruments i've had . it doesn't appear that way so far . every single islamic / muslim apologist is having a field day on social media right now . i will become a huge defeatist and remain bitter and lonely . i will piss any money i make away to quench the misery and void that will inevitably consume my life . i'm on the right track so far , i've ... as nearly everyone else has said , jus b urself :-) . just b urself :-) the ride never ends man . i'm not sure if i should envy your optimism or not . this seems like a comfy place , so i'll quickly leave a comfy song . you're not going to find any useful advice op . i've read through every post in this thread so far , and most serious advice i've seen given boils down to one of these : ur not entitled to a gf ! ... '