i know how you feel . i ruined my 4.0 gpa in my final semester due to some unfair grading . sometimes you could do everything right and not get an a because the grading policy was rotten . some schools ... my instinct was to say no to transferring , but i will think about it . i wish i knew what i was doing . the nebulous future does haunt me . they still chalk up the roads like graffiti and force you quartercards too haha . yeah their attempts now are giving stupid fortune cookies and motivational candy bags like that would make the problem ... i can't fucking believe it . i thought it was just me who felt this way . damn i don't know what to think . i go to cornell and i agree with everything you said . i am so miserable right now and i ... do you mind saying where you graduated from ? this reminds me of my university . no interesting extraversion people who prefer extraversion tend to focus on the outer world of people and things . e 0 21 i intraversion people who prefer intraversion tend to focus on the inner world of ... the colon is not as constricted when squatting . something like that it was a fairly easy decision for me . i am a double major in mathematics and physics . it made a lot of sense to me why i chose them . they were my best subjects . the financial prospects are decent . i ... i don't stand on the us toilets , but it's kind of uncomfortable to sit on them . i used to poop in a squatting position as do many people in asia ... interesting paper . thanks for sharing . if you are just being called close-minded here , it is likely they just say it purely because you're not agreeing with them . ignorant is also a new catch phrase those people have adopted . supposedly ... necropost ridiculous . please revert it . but the personality test section includes tests that don't already have their own categories . it's where all the miscellaneous tests get posted . i don't see how moving the section accomplishes ... i agree that the recent surge in playbuzz tests are horrible but i don't think that warrants moving it to the entertainment section . i have seen some good and serious tests there amidst the hundreds ... ah why did it change ? i could always use the link but it doesn't show in the homepage . i still can't access it . no . estj but it's hard not to look at the type just above the avatar lol that fucking gif i'll do what i want . maybe i wasn't talking directly to you . just like you're requesting me to notify my replies , i will ask you to not notify me since i don't want it . melancholic this was exactly what i was talking about . istp i was aware , but thanks . dudeguy well i would like to say that some of my physics classes do require me to use programming . both hand calculations and programming are used but in different contexts . what's your point ? you don't have to understand what the computer is actually doing to get the result . i can use a calculator to solve the roots of a 100 degree polynomial without understanding how ... there is value in being able to solve the math without using a computer . the algorithms did not make themselves , you know . if you have taken physics at the university level , you will see that it ... i had no idea people sat to wipe . i adore my chemical romance ! of course , i'm excluding danger days and everything past . i don't really like green day though .