' i've never been quite sure , i love animals and nature as well . i think i identify with dogs the most and then cats , but i'm fascinated by hummingbirds and arctic foxes . yes , people tell me i look serious , very intense ( when i'm in very deep thought and / or wrapped up in intense emotions ) or sad even when i am in a fairly good frame of mind . i wonder sometimes if ... 244938 i'm sorry for all of the attachments , i feel really silly , but i can't figure out how to delete them . that's very interesting . i can see that occurring . perhaps mismanagement of food / other intolerances and sensitivities could cause issues as well . ( ? ) i have mild airborne allergies and live in ... small towns definitely have there pro's and con's . : - s wow , i'm really sorry to hear that you are having such a touch time . : sad :( which is i'm sure an understatement ) . i have some thoughts on possibilities of what it could be , but i don't want to assume ... i've read that it's common , but the people who are around me don't seem to have the same experiences as i have in terms of developing a symptom ( s ) of sickness due to stress or else they don't know ... i say this as a genuine compliment ... good for you for rarely getting sick . i go through phases of anxiety and i definitely agree with you about anxiety weakening the immune system . it's hard for me to manage too . i sometimes get a single red sore on the tip of my nose when i'm taxing my immune system . i think it's interesting how our body will give us hints . : happy : i understand what that's like , i've been accused of trying to get out of things as well when i become ill . it's very frustrating . : - s comes and goes my family never really followed a religion . my mother has told me a few times that she was baptized mormon when she was pregnant with me and of course she followed that particular religion for a ... i can relate . i can be too deep for most people even in casual conversation . l also take my relationships very seriously and people who i have been with have seemed sometimes to take the relationship ... hello , does anybody else get physically ill from being stressed out ? i find i tend to get physically weak or catch a lung infection . i can see a possible correlation between astrology and mbti . i voted in the poll that i have some college ( classes based on graphic design ) . i also have a diploma in web design and i'm working on a diploma as a pharmacy technician . yes , one thing leads to another so to speak with my thought processes and with the way i experience the world . i don't have alice in wonderland syndrome though . school for me was not a happy experience . : - s i got average to low grades in school up until 8th grade , there something clicked , my head cleared , and i got on the honor roll and it happened again ... my answer was ... primary color : lavender secondary color : crystal but i wonder if i'm maybe lavender and yellow or something like that , though i do tend to take on other people's personalities ... 186850not a great picture of me . 186786 here's a drawing i did of a badger mom and her baby , i created it from a reference photo . yes , i tend to be sarcastic . the person who laughs when they mean to say thank you ... i've done that before . people look at me like i'm horrible :-( , so i have to explain i'm just embarrassed and its a very unusual reflex . yes and no . it depends on the person , the reasons for there behaviour and how they treat me and the people around me . i've met abrasive people who were really nice after they warmed up to me , but some ... ^ _ ^ i like the humorous reference ... triple threat . tee hee :-P i also am infj , hsp , and enneagram 4 with a wing toward 5 . the way i try to manage my sensitivity is to remember to try not to get ... i wonder how a spectrometer got it's name . then i wonder what a spectrometer is , because i forgot . : tongue : i do that as well , obsess and then lose interest . it's counter productive i agree . it's like i'm a newness junkie . :-P what i do is try to allow myself a limited time to think about or do what i'm ... yes , i was curious about and attracted to boys at a pretty early age . i think it started around 6-7 years old , maybe sooner , but i didn't have a boyfriend until 7th grade because i was very shy . i have decided that infj is what i'm going with . :p roud : you're right a list of traits is probably to vague . thank you for your help . : happy : that's a good suggestion , but i've taken several myers brigg related personality assessments and i get several answers ... i agree with you though , it's probably not feasible to just list my traits , ... hello everyone , i'm confused about my personality type . it seems that i could possibly be 1 of 3 types . infj , isfp , infp i have a complex personality ... : confused : would you nice people help ... i'm emotionally suffering ... :-( sitting here at my laptop , procrastinating about doing my homework , talking to someone on this site and wanting to play xbox games instead of doing my homework . : crazy : no i'm not sure : frustrating : , but i'm getting there . :p roud : i've tested repeatedly as infp ... a couple of times as isfp ... and a couple of times infj . many times i test as almost exactly ... i love animals ... i've been around them all my life . i have a cat that's like my baby ... he's 13 years old now . though i would rather not be around mean animals like sharks , bears , badgers etc ... sidereal : libra sun sign - leo moon sign - gemini ascendant chinese astrology : fire dragon w / white sheep celtic astrology : the reed native american astrology : the snake cool post ... thank ... 1 . sun : aquarius moon : aries rising : libra 2 . s : sagittarius m : libra r : gemini 3 . s : capricorn m : libra my western sidereal sun sign is libra-moon in leo-ascendant in gemini moon 3rd house conjunct ic sextile uranus in t.scorpio s.libra and trine venus in t.capricorn s.sagittarius 7th sun 5th ... i'm starting to think that reading people they're closest to is another isfp trait . i agree , it's like feelers or something . : happy : the subconscious mind is an amazing tool to have if a person ... i don't know for sure , i'm still learning about our personality type . i realize everyone is different , but there's the general nature still . : happy : i've read that isfp's are very intuitive , but ... quote : originally posted by joyrjw i appreciate you expressing your opinion subterraneanhomesickalien , not every one believes in psychic abilities and i respect that , thank you i'm ... welcome to personality cafe fawkon ! : happy : that's probably what's been blocking you ... your stressed mental state . it is kind of funny wierd how psychic abilities , especially visions , work for a person . things like sudden flashes of ... i agree , all of those things could lead to less connection with one's self . it would mean less connection to certain parts of your brain and energy . i can physically feel it when it happens to ... i don't think that they go away , i think they just go dormant.that ' s just my perspective on it though . : happy : sometimes stress , depression , sickness , drugs , alcohol etc . can stifle psychic abilities ... : happy : thank you mina ! you're kind for saying so . : happy : i appreciate you expressing your opinion subterraneanhomesickalien , not every one believes in psychic abilities and i respect that , thank you : happy : your karaoke theme song is margaritaville you are a true party animal , but your style is mild and chill . kicking back with a few friends and a few drinks is all you need to be happy . you ... '