' my isfj sister was the quiet kid who had average grades and was kinda bullied dad - inxj mom - xsxj older sister - isfj older brother - istj me : intj - when im watching a bad anime / movie / drama , i always ended up watching more than i should bc i spend way too much time judging on how bad it is . - i categorize people in my mind seven deadly sins mbti please my istj brother is 4 years older than me ( i'm 20 , he's 24 ) . he's really smart . a little selfish , but i think that's because of the way my mom raised him . he knows all his maths even if he doesn't ... definitely benjamin linus and jim moriarty . i love breaking bad but walter white is just i have experienced sleep paralysis and lucid dreaming but i wasn't scared . i was in senior high school when i first experienced them and it wasn't like i'm awake and i can't move . i'm scared kind ... 1 . not being successful in achieving my life goals . i don't want to die knowing that i didn't do anything or achieve anything . graduating university isn't enough . 2 . wars . growing up in a country ... i sleep with a question / problem and just when i'm about to fall asleep , the answer just comes to me . my isfj sister and i were talking about parents naming their children the same name bc i have a friend whose whole family is named angel and they all have weird nicknames which isn't related to ... i graduated university with average grades . we have a different grading system in my university . 330162 my grades are usually around 1.50 - 2.25 and it's understandable because i prefer to go ... around 31 hours , i think ? i don't even remember what i was doing then used * you do things your way , i do things my way it does bother me a lot ! about a month ago , i was tasked to count my students ' attendance for a whole year which includes , total number of days present , tardy and absences . they were around 40 + ... i'm laughing so hard rn because i've been telling my friends that because she has short and really curly hair ( like ramen ) and just looking at her hair irks me . same . mulan and aladdin ! i have long hair and my professor keeps on bugging me about how i should cut it or tie it up . so , to shut her up , i told her that i'm going to cut it . i was planning on cutting it weeks ago but then ... i have the same experience . right now , i'm looking for a job as a pre-school / grade school teacher . of course , you'd expect teachers to be enthusiastic , right ? but i just can't . sometimes , i'd be ... authority : 4.00 self-sufficiency : 0.00 superiority : 0.00 exhibitionism : 2.00 exploitativeness : 2.00 vanity : 0.00 entitlement : 4.00 do you believe in destiny ? i believe in making my own destiny . do you enjoy flirting for its own sake ? i don't even know how to flirt does analyzing complex things give you pleasure just for ... write a list . make a schedule . prioritize . i fucking hate it when my istp friend changes plans every two seconds . when i was 16 , i was a freshman in university and i had to go through the same thing . i had a hard time adjusting to the new environment since i moved to a whole new country , new school and i don't ... 20 fear + 26 avoidance = 46 i guess im still quite normal i stalk people only when i'm interested or when my friends ask me to find someone on facebook / twitter / askfm / instagram . it's kinda weird but i can find a person just by giving me his / her first name or ... i cannot stand reality shows but i like tv shows like brba , lost , monk , etc . for my 16th birthday , my friends planned out this great surprise party and they even got together with my parents and their own parents to make it successful . it was hella fun . i love surprises ... i got your point but you don't know my culture and how my parents raised me so i just let it go a + for not being one good job the only exercise i get is walking from my house to the stop , from the stop to my college and vice versa i'm a roman catholic . i grew up in a catholic house so yeah . 321914 20 and unemployed wiw breaking bad i'm 20 and i have a professor whom i think is dumb as fuck . she had my friend revise her narrative report because the table of contents wasn't included in the table of contents . if that is not ... visual > kinesthetic > auditory i get your point . :) but as a teacher , i feel like if i always sympathize with my student , he'll get used to it and when i try to break into his world , he will be more aggressive or something ... i know people see nt's as rationals and they should be smart or smth but tbh , not all nts are einsteins or hawking . if you look at him , his decisions are not based on his feelings . his acts like he ... people with autism are very sensitive , especially when it comes to auditory senses . my student would always cover his ears whenever his classmates are noisy . always remember that people with autism ... wrong thread wiw infinite woohyun - entp infinite myungsoo - infp bap youngjae - entp don't be afraid to approach him . he may seem cold but he probably isn't . since it's your freshman year , he's still probably trying to adjust himself to the new environment . if he really was intj , it ... in highschool , i loved math especially when my teacher taught us how to do shit step-by-step . i also loved everything about english , both literature and grammar . i hated chemistry though because i ... i used to like the rain because it never rained where i grew up . but then i moved here ( philippines ) and it rains like 90 % of the year . it's not even like a drizzle . it rains heavily plus the ... same in contrary to all my friends who listen to edm to keep them working , i listen to ballads and rock . the song that got all my friends all what the frickle frackle at me was when i was able to study ... i'm a pre-school-slash-elementary teacher and apparently , i'm not very good at it since i'm too attached to my students . i love kids . i can't scold them when they do something wrong . i just tell them ... you , sir , are a great man . '