' anxiety and worry exist outside of the realm of mbti . i only consider the model valid because of its correlation to the big five personality model which is widely considered by psychologists to be ... based on your responses , i would go with isfj . remember that your type is just your preferences , not a description of what you do 100 % of the time . the big one to me here was that you completely ... i can see why you're confused ... the word subjective gets used waaay too much on this forum . a theory shouldn't have components that are subject to one's interpretation . it's a lot more useful to ... someone posted a great explanation of si traditionalism in the cognitive function forum , essentially saying that today's generation isn't traditional like previous generations were because of the ... i kinda sorta agree with tripwire on this one . op might be offended by this , but i tend to think that people who make a point of telling others that they are nice and that they give lots of positive ... i think that's fascinating , honestly . i play a lot of mafia on this game starcraft 2 , and i'm really not good at it ... i love the actual game starcraft 2 as well , and yet i never get anywhere past ... this has been on my mind a lot as i look at my career , one that i've never been truly passionate about . i'm an engineer . i pursued it because i'm great at math , like i beat everyone on my high school ... i have noticed that any time a person starts a sentence with either of those two phrases , i almost immediately want to disregard everything they say . why ? a few reasons . none of which are likely ... let's see ... songs - how to disappear completely - radiohead - i still haven't found what i'm looking for - u2 - bittersweet symphony - the verve - viorar vel til loftarasa - sigur ros - ... you have remarkably good taste ! always happy to find a fellow grimes fan :) i'm a ninja ! hiyyah ! the oa is incredible imo . i watched the entire first season in 1 day . if aaaddedison weren't a male , i'd be making my move . :P buffy ! ! i appreciate her badassery and her ability to take action without letting too many feelings get in the way . oh and she's ridiculously hot . :) but the point of this discussion is that we can prevent it . greenhouse gases have been manufactured directly by human actions and risen temperatures higher than they would have reached by natural ... recently got a dslr and been playing with it . here are some pics from my recent state park visit !  ... : how do you describe the difference between n-types and isfps ? i guess i would have thought that the big , creative ideas would have come from the n-types , so i'm surprised that your one n type ... ? ? glad you finally typed yourself correctly . yeah , vents are things that frustrate us ; confessions are just anything we're embarrassed about , for better or for worse . here are mine : - people with no situational awareness , especially at the ... what makes me laugh ? your face ! that's the sort of statement that makes me laugh . i love absurdity . as a child , i was pretty quiet and extremely unassuming . i was definitely kind of a huge nerd around 5th - 6th grade , but before that point , i was someone who just kinda kept to himself and did as i ... no , you reached 115 posts in one day . 115 posts per day would be truly remarkable , but that isn't what you have . sorry :) stem career infp here . i work as a manufacturing engineer , and although it's not perfect , it pays the bills . i don't think n means you need to be all art-driven and creativity-driven . my n comes ... this tool is more used for finding a suitable career than for describing your personality , but i still think it's pretty interesting . this is perhaps better known as the riasec test ( realistic , ... let me recap for you how life has been since november of last year . in one cataclysmic day , my girlfriend of 2 years , who i had really been struggling with for a variety of reasons , finally cut me ... for insomnia in particular , i think the absolute # 1 thing you can do is get more exercise . i struggle a lot with anxiety , but being able to get a solid night of sleep and kind of hit the reset ... yesyesyesyesyes ! honestly i can't even date someone unless i could see myself married to them . i used to think i was such an odd person for having dated so few people , but the people who i actually ... i've thought about this a lot and tried to understand how my personality contributes to me getting it , so to speak . i struggled to learn how to perform my last job because my trainer ( who really ... when people tease you somewhat consistently , and then the one time you tease them back to re-even the scales , you feel this sinking feeling in your gut that you've just done something horrible ! ... also , maybe take the holland code test ? it's a really useful career selection tool to highlight what your natural talents are , and it gives you tons of recommendations based on your type . this is ... interestingly , i'm also going through this process right now , re-evaluating my career choices and picking something that meets my needs . here were the priorities i came up with , ranked in order of ... well i'm sorry to hear life hasn't given you the good things that you most likely deserve . your last line makes me chuckle , but i do think there is truth to the fact that infps really do just have a ... haha , i read this and thought who hasn't heard of bon iver ? and then realized you wrote that in 2009 . lol great recommendation though . i wasn't a huge fan of his latest album , but his ... wow , yeah , you totally missed the point of this thread if you're really publicizing this shit . i am not exactly sure what's confusing . the op is single and lonely , right ? and you responded by saying that op's life circumstances shouldn't have dictate happiness , right ? if you aren't happy ... do you know of any single people who got this to work ? since it doesn't matter whether you have it or not ? has anyone here actually achieved this ? i'm not being accusatory ; i'm legitimately asking . i could have written op's post myself , except i'm 32 and have a couple major relationships under my belt ... thanks :) that is certainly my goal here ! i'm not sure yet what will come of this post , other than to see if any other infps have gone through something similar . i've been dealt a really bad hand . last november , my girlfriend who i ... she is just straight-up one of the coolest people ever . rudeness and arrogance . there are maybe a lot of other things i could put down here , but ultimately they boil down to these two things . maybe rudeness even stems from arrogance , so i'll just say ... people say lots of variations of firing on all cylinders , and not a single variation of it is correct . firing on all cylinders refers to the action of spark plugs that fire in order to keep an ... and why do you need to run an investigation like this to deal with this thought ? i thought the whole point of typology was to help you learn what your strengths are and how you can leverage them ... so can anyone actually help me with this dilemma instead of nitpicking what i'm saying ? is that really true , that the functions don't correlate to behavior ? the se function is defined as having a desire for sensory experiences , right ? say you offered this person two activities : read a ... i'm not sure i follow ? in kito's defense , every description of se-dom i have ever seen calls it a thrill-seeking function . so i'm probably isfp , meaning that se is my auxiliary function . some aspects of this make sense ... i get the aspects about being action-oriented , working with your hands , preferring action to talk , ... if she's a goddamn packers fan . so , again , since it's quite clear you're at least enxx and that you prefer fe over fi , this rules out all other types except for entp or enfj . and a great angle to take at sorting this out is to ... '