' billie holliday - strange fruit since the first time i heard this song and to this day i can not express what i feel every time i hear it . i feel despair , sadness , anger ... in a mix i can't ... this is a song from the tv program the voice rusia . love pelageya's voice and found this amazing ! pelageya & darya moroz - oy da ne vecher . this is a popular rusian folk song i love . translation : lyrics translate | comunidad multilingüe de ... leonard cohen - alexandra leaving j1267byexc & has_verified = 1 thanks for your advice , everything helps and any tip for growing is welcome . like many others here i have been collecting crushes . i heard many times sentences such as we are only friends , i ... introversion , shyness , fear . all this sounds so familiar ... and i really think you are right . i can understand that we have to learn to be happy alone before being happy in a relationship , but ... that's me 100 % . once , when asking a girl for a date she replied : oh ! you are not my type but ... i thought you were gay ? ! marillion - jigsaw i have a good eye and have the tendency to look at girls who are already in a relationship . if i realise that i take one step back and keep the distance . the bad thing here is that usually i discover ... today i gave a rose to a coworker . this is something i usually do . she likes flowers and i like giving flowers on a random mode ( no second intentions ) . i got up early to cut a rose and leave it ... charge definitely intensified fi . i usually score a very developed fi and very low se . herbert grönemeyer - der weg and the lyrics : grã ¶ nemeyer songs : der weg missy higgins - the special two blind willow , sleeping woman by haruki murakami this the third murakami's book i read in a row . minor majority - supergirl antònia font - alegria stromae - formidable the question here would be how to break this walls and open up orderly as if it were a renovation ( reusing bricks if necessary ) and not as a dam breaking and flooding everything . tips needed ! i completely agree with your words . in my case , and i understsand that it works for you too , these elements are not inclusive . my head = ( what i keep for myself ( what i tell to my family ( what i ... spain and spain i always hide my emotions . even my parents tell me sometimes that everything i do seems to be a secret . i've always been very reserved and when i decided to express what i felt was because i was ... i have never dumped a girl nor they have never dumped me . ( i haven't had so many relationships so probably this is not significative ) . when our relationship finished we always ended up as a friends ... anthony & the johnsons - the lake ( poem by edgar allan poe ) anthony & the johnsons - hope there's someone sing fang : look at the light seabear , cold summer jeff who ? ( another icelandic pop group ) : barfly i almost never express my emotions and this is something i have to fix . sometimes i feel like a bottle of champagne or a shaken beer and keep my emotions inside under pressure until they are ready to ... gian lorenzo bernini : apollo and daphne gian lorenzo bernini : the rape of proserpina william bouguerou : the hard lesson vincent van gogh : starry night caspar david friedrich : chalk cliffs of ... does this make any sense ? why can't i if everybody is doing it ? do you want to know what i see when i look at you ? who invented the bed ? why music touches us so deeply ? hello , thank you all for your welcome , i have been reading a few posts and i am already amazed ! since i discovered mbti i've taken 7 tests . the results were 5 infp and 2 infj . i always got high ... i'm listening this son in loop : seabear ( icelandic pop ) i sing i swim hi , my name is pismis , i decided to join personality cafe because here i find people with similar stories , interests and fears . i discovered mbti test a few moths ago and i was surprised of how ... first of all , sorry for my poor engish . i'm not an english speaker but i try to do my best and i hope you will understand . any comment or correction will be welcome . * name - pismis ( not my real ... '