' when the psychologist tells you you're suffering from unrelenting standards , but that's unacceptable , you don't want to be alone but you don't view yourself as good enough to be worth anyone's time ... oh , hi new people and other people i recognise like lilysocks . oh wow it's been a long time , a very long time , probably too long and i should have comeback when it hought about it so many times ... been pissed off all day at work but nearly just told the boss to go fuck the job . last week i was forced to work less hours than i'm required to do in my contract because my boss didn't want to ... i saw this and thought there's a black sand beach in new zealand where i'd like to go to scald my feet while enjoying a bone-chilling wind or fog while i watch the surf swallow surfers . sure , new ... i spend most of my time with two people , my sous chef reminds me of an intj , he hates stupidity , is maticulate and appreciates the very few people he's close to , together we hate and insult everyone ... 295258 age : 24 gender : male country of residence : australia nationality : 1/4 kiwi , 1/4 australian , 1/2 i don't know my other genetic parent languages : english , learning italian at work . belief system : ... i just found this thread and oh lord ! the irish elk ( horn span of 3.65 m / 12.0 feet , largest found of any animal ) which would be majestic as fuck and make a hunter a great disney villain . haast's ... i agree with swede , i don't get it either . there's too much negativity for proper nihilism . i actually lol'd and started choking on my beer . lily :( it's been a long time but since then i've found ways i recommend to cope , go for a drive by yourself with music you life , don't have a specific destination , just go somewhere new , turn ... oh hell , why not . i've looked into my sheep etc signs anyway 9 march 1991 3:11 pm manukau , auckland , new zealand had a fairly busy night at work and the head chef's gone on a two week break . it was supposed to be the sous chef on pans and grills , me on larder and the boss on pizza with our kitchenhand doing ... i'm more convinced that if they don't just personally , stick a whole bunch into a controlled environment , they would have something like a cylinder made of soft rubber and water with heaters in ... it's a horrible thought , but how is that a fair control test to make sure its accurate ? someone might have a fever . i brought a $ 180 router a few months back because there was too many devices connected to the generic , sub-par one you get from your isp . i'm playing ranked pokemon battles and when i'm setting up ... i have the same general boredom and attention problems as other people . i was working from year 13 math books in year 9 and by year 12 the only books i took to school were colouring books , still ... sometimes when i'm feeling a little down and can't sleep at 1-2 am in the morning i get in my car and go for a drive since i enjoy driving more than talking with real people 95 % of the time . i ... i just wrote out a long text to her about how you can't consider your life as a fairy tale because for each princess there's an entire kingdom effected by her decisions , your life isn't any more ... i got woken up by my phone , a girl i slept with twice before she told me she has a boyfriend saying she wants me to do it again . it's a trap ! right-o guys , instead of lurking i'll question anyone else with experience in pokemon online competitions for opinions . now , i want to make a team for the feb contest based on the colour pink ( i ... honestly i think the imperial march suits intj better . 269466 this is one of two photos taken of me in more than a year i've been registered on here , the other is with dream theater themselves . i haven't been able to stop myself coming back here without signing in when i need a laugh and to suppress my disappointment in the world . how are people ? a subscription to elder scrolls online costs $ 15 per month , twice i tried to use paypal with $ 30 in my online subscription account specifically for it , the money was put on hold in my account , paypal ... i bought frenched lamb shanks to have for dinner ( i'm also making my own demi-glace as practice ) when i noticed the shanks aren't frenched properly . silly commercial butcheries . also this site is ... tonight i had the idea to perform a subtle social experiment , it may have not bee so subtle at times though . i walked up and down the 2 main streets in adelaide a total of three times tonight ... it's been 5 months , i know it's not like that long but i still think of my ex every day . it took me 4 years for me to find someone i loved between one girl and another , i guess the difference is ... i mainly try to look after my mental health . with only one day off from work a week where i'm being yelled at and pushed , running around , lifting things and don't have the time to eat all day it's ... i realized why i have so many grey hairs at 23 today . in three days at work this week i've done 35 hours , only one of those days i got a break . the new guy is complaining about how many dishes he has ... spookyfornever i think that may be alright , however i don't do well with not knowing and leaving it up to the moment unless i'm severely inebriated . might be that j vs p thing . honestly for me i'd ... i ... ummm ... powerpoint couldn't hold my attention learning , it at 10 years old , i swear it's more mind numbing than morphine . that's fine , i'm already way too over stimulated to hide my adoration of red heads . r , l . i think that's scarred twig , i can't tell . kittyknits * has a spasm in excitement at a red head * in a powerpoint presentation . tonight i emailed a nationwide church in australia who practices thelema to find out where their sa church is and if i can come to observe it before i commit to joining . i suppose it could make for ... i'm at a show with one of the firs i met tuesday ( not the vomiting , comatose one ) and were both sitting here being awkward . admittedly she is trying to sell tickets to another show but i have no idea ... god she's yummy . you start watching a nikola tesla documentary and almost cry when they immediately talk about his death . i adore him so much . i saw crowd mentality diminishing the aspect of personal responsibility last night . as i was leaving a killswitch engage concert last night i noticed a girl slouched over vomiting on herself looking ... i couldn't type my mother , i avoid talking to her and keep her out of my life as i could . that being said , at christmas i did send her the link to raising intj children from these forums and she said ... i just bought a purple codpiece , has anyone else had the impulsive urges to try and offend people while out on the town ? man , you're not alone . trust me . over the last 10 years i've thought of suicide literally everyday . i was on anti-depressants while living with my mother and am on them now again after another ... you try explaining mbti to people and suggesting the basic introduction videos on youtube until you find out your female friend of 2 year is also intj , direct her straight to a more technical ... stumbled my way through another outing last night . met up with the two girls from last week in town at a bar where they were having a drag queen / burlesque night , i felt at home with the crazies ... errr , yeah :/ we'd talked for 3 year and knew everything about eachother , done the whole talk everyday thing for over a year and we both knew it was going to happen . i attract crazy too . <3 love you guys , not really , you know what i mean though . everyone at work thinks i've lost my shit entirely , i say anything that comes to my mind and laugh at how screwed up people think i am ... it's 201 hours and 19 minutes away from the exact moment one year ago i first met my ex , 202 hours and 9 minutes since we first made love . is anyone else this neurotic about numbers that they ... is anyone else playing elder scrolls online ? my tag's results ... '