' played 5 times . 1st result : above avarage 2nd result : below avarage : my fault 3rd result : avarage 4th result : above avarage : 5th result : below avarage : someone closed the game bookmarked ... i like silence for , like , an hour a day when i'm resting or just triing to focus . but when i'm doing something , i need something in the background . even if it's just the tv turned on , it helps . it ... hmm ... well , for me , it's the personality . i noticed an elegance was mentioned before and it's what i feel . i've met 3 women in my life with this thing in them . and i just can't resist being around ... yep . i absolutely hate social gatherings . it still feels awkward when people are giving invitations to everyoner else bit you , right in front of your eyes . ... they will feel very awkward , but still hug you back . yep , i agree with most of it , except with that bad guy thing . yep . i feel so strange at these moments . > _ > yep . exactly what you described . yep . same here . my friends obsses about it , how i'm so uncompetitive and won't try beating them at anything . i hate the attention i get at winning and those who think winning is more important than ... well , i had made up imaginary friends as a child , but later i turned it more into a fantasy . there were at least 10 different characters in it , including me . i didn't interact with them , i just ... right now i've got 6 , but i usually have more than 10 , sometimes more than 20 . i'm on 2 forums , facebook and hotmail , and i open up every thread i find interesting in a new tab . so ... yeah . yeah , i know . but i said i feel like she doesn't care , not that i think that , and you can't change what you feel just like that , now can you ? also , it's just confusing , ' cause she helps just about ... your heart takes love lightly . true . i don't try to fall in love or have an interest in that whatsoever . but maybe i just haven't found my ideal partner yet ... idk . you are attracted to those who ... hmm ... i actually have an infj friend as well , only that i'm the one worriing that she's avoiding me . i try to open up to her , in any way possible , but when i ask for her to open up , she refuses ... none , actually . i've got few es friends in rl , who wouldn't listen or undertsand . my fammily is mostly made up from is's , who would listen , but wouldn't get me . the people i meet on the internet i ... yup . estj's seem too self-obsessing to me . my friend yells at me when i lay on his bed , when i don't try to beat him at video games or sports , when i'm too lazy to do something he wants . and it ... i know what you mean . my friends obsses about me all the time . why don't you ever come to me on your own , why do i always have to invite you ? , you're wierd . try socializing more . , you need to ... i love cats ! i'm kind of obssesed about them actually . : tongue : youngest . but both of my sibblings are more than 10 years older than me , so i guess i was raised more as an only child . love it ! : shocked : yep , i hate people watching me . fammily , friends , anybody . even if i'm doing nothing and they're staring at me i get nervous . as for last part , i dissagree . rarely . i only remember them if they were extremely hilarious , interesting or just plain simple . i'd be the hero from my fantasy . :P well , i listen to rock : green day , three days grace , both most songs , and pop : miley cyrus - can't be tamed , party in the usa , britney spears - break the ice , rihanna - disturbia , russian roulette , ... actually , i just listen to pop or rock and waste my time doing nothing when i'm bored . i like laying down , with closed eyes and earplugs , triing to focus on what i'm thinking without distractions , ... yeah , i'm very clumsy . i can't focus on the present and i feel like my head is going to blow up when i do . it's kind of annoying for me and uninteresting , so i just start thinking about something ... well , i love all n's and like sp's , but i don't like sj's ' cause they can be a bit obssesive with order sometimes . as for the anwsers to the questions : which one confuses you the most ? esxj's . i ... i love sarcasm to the end ! : laughing : hmm ... that actually makes perfect sence and i can reate to it a lot ! intp with fi it is ... : happy : i certianly hope so ... ' cause i just realized i actually prefer fi and ti over fe and te ... is that even possible ? o_o isfp for first , enfp for second . hmm ... after reading those links , i now think i prefer ti and fe just a bit over fi and te . guess i'm a near-f intp . thnx ! virgo intp . but i found the desciption of the virgo actually fitting me best . but now that i think about it , i probably was an isfp before . not at all . at first when i took it , i just did some random clicking . it showed up with 1 partly accurate result . then i did it by the rules and then again random . both unnacurate . and then at the ... i don't agree with the istp , but i was probably an isfp when i was young . i mean , i was able to see myself in it to some extent , but after i compared myself further i found that's just not me . but i ... hmm ... let me copy-paste a description of an intp and an infp and i'll put in bold what i agree with and put in italic what i don't agree with . intp : the thinker as an intp , your ... hmm ... i think i may have even been an esfp when i was young ... i'm not an infj ! i'm sure of that . i can link really well to their thoughts and can understand them a lot , but i'm not like them i know ' cause i wrote a description about them once . i do not enjoy ... ok , so i've managed to come to some doubts ... for a while , i thought i was an intp , when recently i came into doubts that i really am . i never really saw myself as an e , s , f , or j at first , but i ... i relate to thinkers the best . i relate to all of them to some point . and nope , i don't think i've seen any more titles . i actually have 2 facebooks for games . or should i say i did ? when i joined facebook , i was a big gamer , so i just created 2 facebooks for faster leveling in games . now i only log into games for ... two facebooks . don't really post much statuses though . it seems dumb to post everything that goes on in your mind . would probably be something like necrophobia ( i always think there's someone else in the house when there's noone , so when i find out there actually isn't anyone else , i feel like someone's going to ... compleatly alone ? without any interaction at all , not even on the net ? well , i never really did that and only did 1 day without interactions in rl . as for how much i think i could last , without any ... i put my hand over their shoulder and somehow subconciously start to push so they can't walk . i also sometimes , but rarely , kind of push them out of the way by walking into them , which i don't even ... i didn't mean that ! xd i phrased myself a little wierd , my home language ain't english , so sorry for the missunderstanding . i meant that i fantasise about simmilar things , though not the same , so i ... oh ! and i absolutely hate school ! well , i'm not in high school yet and our grading system is a bit different . ( 1-5 , 1 - not enough , 2 - enough , 3 - good , 4 - very good , 5 - excellent ) so like the names implie , you must have at least ... yep ... i don't dry my hands well at all and i love to splash things . i usually somehow play with the water in the sink and perform simple experiments . i also find i'm obssessed with cleaning ... i like it , it used to be my fav . genre . '