i loathe buzzfeed     ethan klein ( h3h3 ) is an enfp , not entp . his fi is quite apparent behind his humour / comedy skits . his wife , hila klein , is most likely ixfp .  after watching a couple more of their videos and other videos they've featured in , i actually think isfp for ethan and esfj for grayson . pretty fitting i think for today too bad he makes shitty music now get out ( 2017 ) one of the best horror movies i've ever seen . would watch it again .  i lost it when the baby walked in so if the baby relies on the mother in the womb , it's a part of her body but when it isn't reliant on her , it's not a part of a body . sorry , i don't see where this is making sense . just because a ... throwback i've randomly thought about this before in that case , it should be legal to abort up to the full term since the baby is still attached to the mother . but for whatever reason , people differentiate between a fetus that is weeks old and a ... the perfectly timed clips / gifs paired with the dumb answers make this one of my youtube favs just wanna have as much fun as bruno mars has in his music videos  so what if hitler was an infj . when you're first meeting them , they're exterior is not serious at all . perhaps some are underneath and may show that side over time . fe isn't intense , it's light , ... intps and infps get confused for one another , till you really get to know them . i've also mistaken a lot of infjs for enfps due to their goofy , light hearted nature . entjs definitely do not come ...    judgers easily ruin my day with all their nagging . i need to be somewhere ( that's not that far away ) at 5 and they'd be on my back about getting ready at 1 . just leave me be ! let me chill , please . i don't understand how a fetus isn't a baby just because it hasn't developed yet . a baby boy isn't a man either , but see him live long enough , he'll eventually become one . therefore a fetus was ... the weeknd is the male artist version of taylor swift . he's trash , but his songs are so catchy it's annoying . this music video made me feel like i was dreaming     community morty smith from rick and morty cause i'm a very anxious , stressed out person . but also garfield cause i'm laid back , lazy and love lasagne . i don't how that's possible because of their contrasting ... anyone know what the dolan twins are . the only thing i can tell is that ethan ( one with the bright coloured highlight ) is a judger . i think they're both feelers too .  ... 