' i don't know . not very exciting , but sums up a good chunk of my existence . my beloved pup died two years ago , after eight years of being in the family and a birthday just before mine , and the thought of her still brings me to tears if the moment and memories mix just so . ... i just looked up the dvorak keyboard . looks interesting ! what led you to it ? do you find it to be less strenuous on the hands ? can you feel the convenience of the majority-home-row layout ? when i know what to type , i type comfortably and accurately enough at ~ 118 wpm , but if i'm attempting to type something thoughtful i am bogged down by my thinking speed ( and constant revisions ) ... whatexists thank you for the thorough response ! sorry i took so long to get back to you , though . the description of se sounds so cool and is something i'm really starting to notice in my isfp gf ; ... yes , i want to know how ni is experienced / used by isfps . sorry if i was unclear ... a crash course in ni once you're out of school would still be greatly appreciated though :) i'm somewhere , you're somewhere i'm nowhere , you're nowhere you're somewhere , you're somewhere i could go there but i don't ... yepyepyep . this is me . with most things , i reach a point at which i'm ~ satisfied ~ with my skills and go , okay , cool , store that interest away , and move on . i do feel like i pick up on a lot of ... hi friends ! ( is that too presumptuous ? can we be friends ? ) ni is a very weird thing that i still don't really understand completely ( despite scouring the internet for information and ... - intimidating and cold - too quiet and reserved - bitch - bossy - asks too many questions ( in classes when i'm curious about stuff ; sorrynotsorry ) i'm not sure i always try to make others ' perceptions fit , but i 100 % relate to feeling like the way people perceive me has to do with who i am . how could it not , i think . unless i really don't ... just a passing thought today while conversing with my roommate : do you find that not-so-close friends underestimate your sensitivity and / or minimize your struggles ? that the public eye / general ... i did this a lot more when i was younger ( but i'm still young , so ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ ) , however it still does happen occasionally with new people . if there is a discrepancy between my hopes and reality , it is ... a fellow infj friend shared these with me : the quiet place project the thoughts room the dawn room she says she likes to visit the thoughts room when she's upset , but everyone's ... everything i'm about to say has probably been said by someone else already with more eloquence , but mental illness shouldn't be an excuse . it can be part of an explanation or reason , but it doesn't ... my lack of physical awareness is laughable . i'll notice something new in the dorm i've been living in for three years now , only to have someone else point out that it's been there the whole time . i ... my roommate three years ago ( enfj ) told me about mbti and asked me to take a test . i got enfj , and felt like the description was ~ sort of ~ accurate , but didn't think it was very groundbreaking and ... justdevy haha , i wish you could help me out ... i'm still in the very hard time learning how to drive as a teenager phase . i thought driving would be cool , until i tried it and realized how stressed ... at first , i tried to be superduperflexible with my isfp ( the possessive tone of my weirds me out haha ) and avoid making strict plans , but she apparently appreciates my penchant for planning , so ... informally , i don't find conversation difficult unless it's small talk or i'm otherwise bored to death and am forced to continue conversing for an extended duration . my inflection / intonation varies ... do ghosts exist ? maybe ? if yes , do ghosts cry ? if they exist , i don't think it's much of a stretch to think at least one of them cries . do bees cry ? maybee ? who invented houses ? my purpose is to find one , as i know there's an ambitious desire to do something smoldering somewhere within , but i can't quite pinpoint it yet . i've decided to wait patiently for it to reveal itself ... - do you find it easy to forgive ? like others mentioned , it depends on the offense . i do tend to be pretty lenient , and never become hostile towards people , especially if i have to see them ... haha yeah , his / her ( never considered blake could be a cunning lady in disguise ... hmm [ edit : they uploaded an audio recording instead of writing an article once and the voice sounded pretty ... oh i didn't write it ; i wouldn't be that harsh and a lot of it definitely feels like it's focused on unhealthy people , which is why i came here to try and clarify : laughing : to be fair to the author , ... the pushbacks i've witnessed have been fairly strong . from my ( again , limited ) observation , they're either completely repentant and slightly horrified at how they acted once they've returned to a ... hi , isfps ! if you don't mind , i'd like to ask you to do a bit of reading . i'm curious to hear what some of your thoughts are on this post : isfp : bullies or the bullied or both ? ( yes , i stole ... to address the worshippy comments : this is why i found stellarmaze so refreshing . i've linked this before , but : infj : least likely to be who you think they are it's very non-worshippy , to ... i'm definitely going to be echoing / repeating lumosaria and groovy , but closed-mindedness , ignorance , and refusal to reflect on one's self or accept responsibility / fault is the surest way to make me ... oh , i am very guilty of cleaning and doing laundry and making my bed immaculately and tidying everything up when i'm stressed , which on a regular day i'd find to be a mind-dulling waste of time . i'll ... ahh sorry , i don't know how those work once you're in the thousands ... wontlythemoonbear your profile pic looks uncannily like an entp i know . and his post rank would totally be sir buster nutties ( if he didn't find the whole typing thing stupid ) . it's the worst with unengaging , slow talkers . i feel tempted to just finish their sentences for them and continue with my response : laughing : i can definitely see how this could be the case for some unhealthy infjs . for sure . i think it's been observed by non-infjs , i've noticed it in fellow infjs , and similar thoughts / observations crossed ... i've mostly heard that ni synthesizes a bunch of stuff into one vision while ne starts from something and springboards into other possibilities to find what's most likely . could that have been it ? if tradition works for you , great , but i think it can be dangerous to follow something without questioning it just because that's the way it's always been ; that reasoning has never made sense to ... i am mistrustful of generalizations like this because i instinctively look for exceptions and in this case , thankfully , can come up with solid examples in my own life of happy couples who didn't have ... there are occasions when i feel oddly disconnected from the world and myself and everything . this usually doesn't last very long and seems to happen at random , but it feels weird nonetheless . the ... this is a surprisingly difficult exercise : confused : this is the best i could come up with , although i will likely refine it ... thanks for leading to more introspection , as if i didn't have enough ... reading this was quite the adventure . wow . life can be so movie-worthy sometimes ... glad all is well now :) as for ~ seeing through people's behaviour ~ , it's not really a psychic this will happen ... are you possibly referring to lucid dreaming , when you're aware of your dream while you're dreaming ? there are lots of guides for that online , but you'll probably have to try a few things to see ... haha i was in the middle of quoting you earlier today and in the text box it showed the unseen , but up above it was infrared . i was very befuddled and refreshed the page and had no idea what was ... yeppers . i stubbornly ignored all of the you can't do anything / i don't want help signs in the past , and i've come to see them for what they are : signals that i should stop . it's not for lack of ... i loathe being forced to be in photos , too ! however , i'm generally guilty of overpacking . try as i might , i arrive at my destination and go , why on earth did i bring this ? ? ? ( and inevitably ... another thing that bothers / scares me is when in a group , someone jokingly hints at a secret that the rest of the group doesn't know when it's definitely not the time to be winkwink / nudgenudgeing ... preach . this has basically been me my whole life , and some people have taken advtanage of it , and i knew they were but still wanted to be a kind and good person to them . but eventually , it gets to ... i've been fortunate enough to have done a fair amount of traveling in my few years , but at the same time the glamour and fun of travel ( the actively moving part ) has faded sooner than i would have ... i tried thinking of a flavour and all i could think of was crunchy . can i be an ube wafer ? it deters the unworthy : tongue : '