' 211810 i prefer blue pen ( since you mentioned that you were interested in pen color too ) background : i got pretty bored because i had nobody to talk to and nothing to do before school starts ( yeah , i'm that much of a loner @_ @ ) , i started getting existential crises all day . to combat ... thanks for the your : o i've never really thought of myself as much of a thinking preference and thought that those functions would be closer to the center of my stack ( i've mostly tested as ... i've always thought that i'm an inj , but after a lot of time in mbti , i'm still not quite 100 % sure on the f / t dichotomy . is there any one like foolproof way to separate an f and a t ? hi : o i'm new to the whole typing thing , and i'd like to know what my type should be . i already have one or two in mind ( of what i think i am ) , but i'm not sure , so i won't put them here . 1 ... i'm still not really sure on my type , so i guess i'll try this : o block i general to specific , specific to general x96 what does it mean ? ... what is this even : o name : kevin astrological sign : scorpio personality type ( mbti , duh ): infj age : 15 : o it seems so true hmm , so it seems like i'm an infj ? recently , i've been taking a lot of random personality tests , and i realize that on mbti tests , i always score very close on the t / f dimension . most of the time , i score infj , and i guess i do ... infj here . pretty perfectionistic . i partially agree with this :p i often play devils advocate when we have to choose sides on issues in debates etc :p i know i am very attracted to self improvement , and i know that that is the same for a lot of other infjs i know . infj . i'm going to go against the norm here and be like . i'd cheat . infj planning on taking linguistics + biochemistry in the beginning , i've always seemed to mistype as intj o_o i do have a strong te though i have the same memorization problems as you :p . the way i solve it is by trying to subconsciously associate anything that needs to be memorized with something else that i would easily think ... i'm an infj , and i like lurking in the intj forums hehehehe i have a hidden desire to get rid of all of my emotional feelings , but i always realize how i really wouldn't want other people to see ... i'm terrible at sports ... except for things like capture the flag , so this doesn't really hold up for me . the few that i know are wonderful i might've found some , but i don't know that they definitely are ueu . that feels like it would be awkward , but why not . i'll try with a few people owo i'd never be able to survive that kind of movie u . u . wonderful idea though ( if only i liked movies like that , ... i need more intj friends ueu . please enlighten me on how i can easily find more of you . i got 78 owo . does that mean i tolerate ambiguity a lot ? this is very accurate for me :p is it still possible to get the college experience ? has anybody done this before ? i get really bad homesickness when i'm away from home , so naturally , i'm worried about college ( even though it wont be for at least 3 more years ) . is it actually ... suomi on hyvin hyvää . tiedämme suomessa sen kahvia . ( minun suomen kielini ei ole hyvää ) my finnish is terrible sorry . i only know the finnish i know because i tried learning from a few ... in the beginning , i mistyped as an intj , but i'm an infj when you walk to the living room to watch tv but forget to watch tv and end up tuning your instrument 1 . what does your introspection involve ? i have no clue . i over think almost everything though . 2 . do you consider yourself and others to have a purpose in life ? if so , what does that mean to ... i am not the best at reading people , but i'm certainly not the worst either . i can pick up on some things , but not everything . i can also get a feeling of when i think somebody feels sad , but i ... i've been called not normal many times from what i saw , mbti types and enneagram types do not always match up pretty well . a 6w4 also isn't a possible type , as the wing must be either the main type + 1 or - 1 ( 6w5 or 6w7 ) 6s do seem ... my result : ni > te = fe > ne > si > ti > fi > se i guess it fits both intj and infj ( according to the first two functions being more important ) scores : ti : 10 5,3 , 4,3 , 4,3 , 3,3 , 4,4 8,7 , 7,6 , 8 ... i just took a test ( ) and it looks like it makes sense with my result : you are 63.9 % good . you are 7.7 % lawful . alignment : neutral good infj - slytherin ... i guess that's not normal of an infj o-o - edit the infjs that posted here have made up at least 3 out of the 4 houses o . o thanks for all the replies so far :D i agree with most of the things said , but i especially agree that birthdays don't really seem too much different from any other day of the year , and that ... i agree with this . the only problem that i have with nts are that they can be rather blunt sometimes . istj because colors and why not i'm actually kind of curious about this . does anybody here not tell people about their birthdays ( for any reason , like to test whether others know or care enough to remember ) or does everybody ... i don't swear at all o_o i know a lot of nts and sjs who do though . what is your gender ( all three are allowed ): male 1 . at what age did you discover you were an infj ? 13 2 . what was your first reaction at this insight ? what is this ? ! it's like they're in ... i'm an infj , and in casual conversion , i use a lot of random :P s or o_os or things like that estj or something ? i'd love to know . i want the piece of mind . i like nfs and nts having 500 tabs open and not being able to find stuff . i guess i can call myself a socialist , but i don't have much fi . if this isn't allowed , let me know and i'll remove it from userscripts or just delete this thread . just install this userscript ( using tampermonkey / greasemonkey ) , and the images should reappear ... '