' glad you took the time to read it , even though you disagreed ! and no , thatx 92s not me :P wow , that gif must look realistic . sorry it brought out reminders of your ex . i just double checked and it ... nicoloco 90 it's hard for me to answer this question since i havenx 92t experienced my first x93lovex94 so to speak . but i understand that feeling after a first relationship has ended and questioning if ... yeah , thinking about it , i agree . he's most likely se than ne . estp sounds about right . it has been a bit since i've watched guardians . from recent movies : nick wilde from zootopia peter quill from guardians of ... i honestly love cities . like hh ( hellena handbasket ) , i love being able to people watch and go unnoticed in a crowd , but i also love to participate when i'm feeling like being spontaneous . i'm in ... wow , i have upwards 9,000 unread emails ! : shocked : granted , it's a lot of clutter and unnecessary emails / newsletters . i also am hesitant to delete emails because i like having the paper trail on ... interesting ! my top three were psychiatrist , clinical psychologist , and school psychologist . investigative type . when i find a particular task daunting or overwhelming , i usually end up taking much longer to get started or end up doing everything but the task at hand . it's counter-intuitive when you think about ... i prefer specialization especially in the work world because i would rather be an expert in my chosen field than a generalist who knows a few pieces here & there but can't truly maximize benefit . ... zosio 913 , i'm sure i'm not the only one that feels that feels that way ^ ^ i have to resist the urge to thank every single one of your posts since they are all so well-thought out . super crush ! ... inforjoking aww thanks ! you have the purest heart . : hugs :: love_heart : i have much respect for windblownhair inforjoking lad zosio 913 because they are excellent at explaining themselves , have much wisdom , have great avatars , and i usually relate and connect to what ... kindness . intelligence is important , but i wouldn't want to raise an intelligent sociopath or murderer devoid of empathy or humanity . in the long run kindness goes much farther and is something i ... my results : you are highly open to experience : 85 % you are low in conscientiousness : 53 % you are low in extroversion : 43 % you are high in agreeableness : 78 % eh , i would love to think i would intervene in a moment like that but i probably wouldn't . that's great that you were able to stand up for that man and child . in my mind , i would think i do not know ... ^ truth . love this . it's that general awareness and understanding that amazes me each time . a bit of both . i'll follow the law of course , but other arbitrary or unspoken rules , i may tiptoe the line or intentionally break . i hate to be told how to behave , what society expects of me , etc , ... how did it go ? someone should recreate this trip :D this would've been fun and a great location as well ! * * this posted a million times , sorry about that as a feeling type a majority of our decision-making is guided through our emotions . compared to thinking types , feelers are more in tune with emotions . feelings and emotions come with an ... i wouldn't say it's easy for me to become emotionally attached but when i do , it hits hard and i have difficulty letting go . it's not the easiest for me to find someone that i can truly connect with - ... does this person play a fictional character ? lol . this trip never happened did it ? o . o i think motivating vs . supporting may be similar to the two subsets used on 16personalities . assertive vs turbulent or infj-t vs . infj-a . if i had to guess , both reformer and advocate seem to be the ... that was fun ! i got advocate vdi-m which gives me infj vibes . nature : 78 % visionary tactics : 68 % diligent energy : 63 % introverted identity : motivating advocates are a rare personality type ... videos like this make me extremely angry . cops should be held to a high standard and are not above the law . it crosses the line when police officers decide that they have the authority to play judge , ... i have never been in a situation like this . i know deep down i wouldn't want to be involved but i also wouldn't want to be associated with that friend ( cheater ) . the fact that she is willing to fake ... 1 : do you consider yourself a romantic ? tell me about it . yes . i would consider myself a romantic . i'm a lover of love . i love the idea of finding that someone who can connect to you completely , ... i can't memorize effectively to save my life . it works for all of a couple of months until the information is buried again . instead of memorizing , put it into practice . apply meaning to each of the ... random thoughts : ( 1 ) i think i'm a lover of love . : love_heart : it's like a drug . ( 2 ) why do i require meaning and purpose to go into every decision ? it's rough to know that whatever i decide now ... my ego prefers to be seen as kind , intelligent , curious , and passionate . i'm not sure i would want to know . i don't want to spend the rest of my life dreading a day . what if someone told me i would die tomorrow ? well , yes i could plan for my death , complete an item off my ... are you close to this classmate ? i mean , yes , you can tell her you prefer to complete the project alone - but be prepared for her to be mad / and / or offended . i'm not saying you're responsible for her ... hilarious and refreshing youtube channel made by an enfp . thought i'd share in case any of you guys relate ! - arrogance - mean / rude - unmotivated / uneducated / uninspired - not accepting or judgmental to other's choices - unhygienic - indecisive - inability to listen i would definitely start calling him or skype him . you aren't going to resolve much over text and it looks like that's not the best mode of communication for him . an hour long text conversation can ... congratulations ! ! : hearteyes : they are very cute together . :D and highlights one struggle with infps / enfps i have , although much love for the type . i could relate . i enjoyed this video . :D ... in times of death , sickness , hardships , breakups etc . i'm personally not excellent at it . you'd think with fe , this would be a strong point - but i find the opposite true of me . for example , ... we met , stared into each other's souls , and voila - magic romantic , i know :P : violin : de-stress-ifier a gizmo that can detect when you're getting overwhelmed - once it senses this , it will automatically shut everything down , provide some food , clean up your space , give you a nice ... in a relationship , i'm attracted to guys who are generally : confident understand my sense of humor and have an awesome one of their own fairly independent outgoing considerate / kind intelligent - ... if it's a blow-off like phfff i'm going to bed and never talk about it again - that hurts . because clearly it's a real issue that needs a solution if it needed to be brought up . if it's an issue ... yes ! - strange because i find myself doing it too . if i feel people already have a preconceived notion of me or are expecting me to act in a certain way , sometimes i purposefully do or say the exact ... vanilla strawberry cheesecake sherbert here is my handwriting : 579682 ~ inforjoking , that's so interesting , i would love an analysis ( by pm ) if you have free time ! i'm so curious . yeah , this is pure nonsense ( opinion ) . it's funny because the writer claims to be unbiased and to be spreading the truth based on his myriad of experiences . however , this is clearly written in a very ... i agree with marv - neither , but don't let personality type define your career path . go with what interests you , what you're passionate about or what you're good at while being at least fairly ... hell yes ! way back when , i was sorted into ravenclaw on pottermore ( which means it's official guys ! ) and had always identified myself with ravenclaw . not sure if i get an infj vibe from the house , ... if you both entered the relationship with expectations for a monogamous relationship , i think it would be very unfair to expect her to agree to an open relationship at this point after 4 and a half ... '