' beware ye , there be thought experiments lurking in these deep waters . it depends on the person , but there's certainly some common ground and the potential for wonderfully absurd conversations . an infp could coax many a secret out of me and keep it like their own ... of course i had to google image search that . cool shit man . oops , i had been pronouncing your name in my head as ' anar-kite-k-tur ' . wtf . do i feel silly . i feel kinda weird about dumping this here , but it's sort of appropriate and i just re-discovered the word file earlier today . after reading it i felt a little guilty that i had just let it die and ... hylogenesis ne ne ne ne ne ne ne ne ne ne ne ! ! ! i think so . if the death rate was zero we'd be overpopulated in a very short space of time . although , if we just kept making more and more ... i have a natural inclination to dislike estj's , i did not feel that towards her at all . trust my prejudice guys , she's ixtp most likely ' one of us ' . man , i wish that stuff was readily available here . i need to jack my productivity up , the graphs flatlining at the moment . the thick of it and peep show are two gems from the uk . ttoi in particular is filled with amazing dialogue and the most creative use of swear words eveeer , hands down . stuff after reading that i looked at your picture and , man , it was like you were staring deep into my soul . in the ' meditations ' , descartes actually addresses the idea that dreaming calls into doubt beliefs about our own true nature and about what sort of things actually exist . he uses it as one of the ... the great wall of vagina ? i'll get my coat ... anarchitektur great song man i feel ya bro , when i was younger this guy called me larusso and it stuck for a few years . to be fair i liked it , way more badass than the irish folk singer i was actually named after . hahah fuck kant and his drones , that dude sounds like the anti-christ . you , on the other hand , sound like the type of freeballing hero this town needs . sock it to em eddieboy ! if there was some sort of competition for procrastination , how would the winner be decided ? how do you procrastinate at procrastinating ? is this a paradox ? should i be studying ? hullo . i have a fuckload of spare time , most of it is spent wiki-hopping or documentary watching . i prefer to passively absorb random information as opposed to actively researching a specific ... ' peculiar travel suggestions are dancing lessons from god ' - kurt vonnegut . whenever someone asks me to do anything out of the ordinary i hear this in my head and say fuck it , let's go . it's a ... ahh well the simple answer is to not be so hard on yourself , but that is the end result of an overall change in mindset and doesn't address your question as well as it might . i think the feeling of ... yep , i think after an intial emotional connection ( or leak ) we are prone to retreat , analyse and agonise over every shitting , little detail . most other people don't do this , which may mean they ... i'm always thinking of what else i could be doing which makes me get bored with just doing one thing . but i sort of hop between things quite impulsively as a cure for this boredom , so i guess it ... i quite often scream insults at the idiots on the news . i don't know if that's the same thing though because technically i'm talking to them . i think it's a good idea man . i found a poem in one of my notebooks that i'd forgotten about and it used the phrase ' permanent facade ' . it stuck in my head when i was signing up , and it kinda fits the whole anonymity thing we ... progressive libertarian . technically . but i'm not a voter , because currently that changes nothing . even if voting did matter , i'm not entirely sure what would be achieved by my idea of the perfect ... thx 4 sharing , made me lol nah according to wikipedia it's around 8,000 , but compared to the city i live in now , over half a million , it might as well be a few interconnecting caves and a campfire . apparently you have never been to my small town before . city . for the convenience of 24 hour shops and readily available drugs . there's also usually a more progressive attitude and you're choice of friends isn't restricted by distance . sorry to disagree , but i think the addition of ' entity ' gives it a little more panache . if anything it makes your name better simply by association . also , if ambiguous entity ever says anything ... i saw a ghost in an elevator once , it was floating right behind this girl . i got so scared i froze stiff and shit my pants . the girl just stared at me for the longest time . conservative , n : a statesman who is enamored of existing evils , as distinguished from the liberal who wishes to replace them with others . - ambrose bierce . as long as you're not making fun of his dead brother i think you're safe . but what's the point arguing with people who can't do rationailty anyway ? it's pushing a cow up an escalator , sisyphus style ... i organise my study time based on how loud my inner monologue is screaming ' oh fuck ' . the decibel level usually increases exponentially with each passing day before an exam . i have tinnitus . i dunno about you guys , but where i'm from if you try it after 12 noon , then the joke is on you . stupid rule . i don't wake up till way after then so i usually miss out on the fun being labelled a ' lazy genius ' does nothing other than placate my ego . good grades - oh i'm really intelligent . bad grades - meh , circumstance . but , the bottom line is that hard work is just as ... same brah . i remember coming across this : and my result was ' deadhead ' , maybe there's something to it ... don't think ... so , i was daydreaming in class today and found myself taking part in an anti-lizard / capitalist revolution ; hacking government computers and gunning down chinooks simultaneously . fantasy clearly . but ... if , in my opinion the relationship was open and i mentioned the other girls and you didn't say anything . yep ! obviously i'd be aware of potential concerns , but actual ones ? unless you were to bring ... yeah , you should definitely deal with any trepidations you might have ( especially with other girls coming over ) , try and make sure you are both on the same page with regards to the ' relationship ' ( or ... tread carefully my friend , the more badass you are now , the more crippling the analysis of your actions later . ti yields to noone . i'm occasionally right about things , but it's easy to get carried away and think you're mystic meg . we are predisposed to remember all the times when we correctly predicted something and we give them ... i get you . your whole post sort of encapsulated a feeling i've had for a while now , especially the last year or so . not exactly sure what it is though , kind of like a prevailing sense of ... hmm , lying and coming up with some touchy feely bullshit to make them feel better is the socially acceptable thing and that's what they expect ( i think ) . i just freeze and make weird facial gestures ... father ? is .. is that you ? did you read the thing you quoted ? i'm referring to the part where it said ' i never troll ' in particular . i never troll . that being said , op is a fag . fuck , i'm 20 now . it doesn't even seem real having a 2 at the front of my age , i can't hide behind teenage angst or post-puberty blues anymore . do i really have to start acting like an adult ? like a ... 32473 awkwardly standing in the kitchen at parties since the big bang . '