it means that unlike the other two variants of the 3 who have an excessive concern towards one's image , they have a somewhat backwards approach towards a disregard of ones image . the motto of an sp - 3 ... 8w9 there isn't anything wrong with envy per-say , what is destructive is jelousy which is the belief that if i can't have it no one should . i had read about the enneagram a year before i stumbled upon my type , and each type didn't really resonate with me . it wasn't until i read naranjo's character and neurosis that i my types description ... your husband here sounds a lot like a 5 , my best guess is that he's an so / sx 5 . i've never met a 5 who's blindspot is sp , but i would imagine they wouldn't be as hidden and confined as 5 ' s ... i will break down what you have stated and show you what i am seeing . this sounds like a body type here , anger gets channeled into action and body types are on the move , looking as to what ... i'm getting the impression that your husband is a type 1 from what you have described so far . i'd be interested to hear more about your husband . i must ask a 2 . how do you view type 5 ' s ? one way of looking at the whole concept of wanting to be different is to escape dealing with ones own problems . if someone is different , unique , special , etc etc than they can rationalize their ... i think that genetics can have an influence on your e-type , but its not that you are genetically born to be a certain type . someone for example who has a genetic disposition for physical strength ... 7 ' s are curious , but are unable to tap into it due to the vice of gluttony . the vice of gluttony is seeking pleasure over ones true potential . curiosity can lead one to uncover inconvenient truths . curiosity is a head type trait mostly , the type 5 being the most curiosity . when you read the biography of great intellectuals like albert einstein they constantly write on and on about curiosity . i ... my money would be on you being a type 7 . the type 7 has a hard time understanding the type 4 because to a certain extent its dynamic runs counter to the e7 . what you have written is also pointing to ... i think all types have both of their wings and seeking which wing one uses more won't lead to real discovery . the wing theory does more harm than good since i see a lot of people go on and on about ... for 5 , i would also put down feeling like having to make a decision without knowing all of the facts . there comes a point in your journey when you just know what your type is . that type may come with a lot of denial , or it can come with tremendous amounts of acceptance . keep on seeking and you will ... any type could do all of those the real question is why . unfortunately , we cannot use the enneagram to better someone else because they must undertake their own journey to discover who they are . the enneagram is much deeper than the mbti and gets at our baseline character in a way that the mbti doesn't even come close . the enneagram itself hits very hard and exposes to us a lot of the things ... sounds like social anxiety , the key to getting over it is to go out and interact with people . starting out with a simple exercises like asking strangers for the time can be a great help . you can than ... i disagree with the premise , a nice guy is manipulative since they are expecting you to act a certain way towards them since they haven't actually stated what they want from you . its more of an ... i have come to terms with my type and i understand that i cannot be other than my type . i see that the greatest action i can take is to work on myself within the confines of my type . certified garbage . let me try this experiment : what is one character trait you are certain you do not possess . this has a lot to do with awakening and realizing higher states of being . you know you have integrated when you have moments of seeing your past self and no longer identifying with it . in similar ... that is true , which is why i have consciously avoided using the term phobic and prefer to use cowardice , which is the vice of the e6 . cowardice is allowing fear to have power over us . you don't sound like an 8 at all . the vice of the e8 is always described as lust , but its not an intense desire to be someone , its an intense desire for material and carnal things in great excess . if ... sounds more like a 7 trait than a 6 . 6 ' s and 5 ' s have an alertness and attention to their surroundings along with life occurrences . 7 ' s on the other hand tend to be more oblivious and prefer to use ... its a misnomer that sp types are warm , certain sp variants are not warm but to the contrary are cold as ice . the sp - 6 has warmth as a way of attempting to disarm others as to not have to fight them ... im not sure where i stand on this topic . on one hand , typing others can create problems and further distortions for others and cause them to believe that they are a type that they are not . on the ... i would like to ask everyone how well do they think they know themselves . i find that this is a difficult question to even begin to think about since what is the question even asking . i have come to ... someone who needs attention all the time . there has been a good amount of discussion of the e4 ' s relationship with introjection , but i think that the e7 using it has not been touched upon very much . i think that 7s use quiet a good deal of ... this is an interesting point you bring up , could you elaborate a bit more on this particular behavior ? i have also noticed that i do this as well to a certain degree , but i have somewhat of a fear of ... i wish i still had the link , but there was a well written article about how the defense mechanism of the type 4 is introjection . while projection occurs when we attribute one of our own traits ... animal i have quiet a lot to stay on this topic since my best friend is an e2 and we have had a lot of discussion about the way in which we view the world and how our issues can arise around one ... hmmm , by the way in which you are asking questions makes me think that your a core 5 . you seem more head-oriented than gut-oriented since you are asking for ways to confirm your type and asking ... i relate to the low temperament , its hard to rouse me to a response . i've met people with high-states and i'm glad that its not my temperament . they seem like people who always need to be on the ... i'm actually amused by it sincei find the contents of what their angry about to be very interesting to me . i feel that it says a lot about them and what they value . i have a few e1 friends and i ... i love your post , it summed up the triads quiet well . i do relate to what you say about the 5 , but i find that detachment is a defense against lust and directly going into the world and ... i think your correctly typed as an e4 for your core , your not comical enough to be an e2 . orgasm i could see 3 from some of our conversations over skype . i could also see 7 as ... i'll give my consent . i'm glad this can of worms is being opened , its time to deal with the misconceptions relating to how the systems come together . 1 . experiences and difficulties you had in finding your type across ... sp - 1 ' s can also mistype as 6 ' s since their reaction formation deals with anxiety . i would wager that many of the people who gave e6 such a bad reputation where probably 6 ' s themselves who were in denial about their own type . if you go with descriptions on here of the e6 they will ... google how to deal with angry people . make sure to not tell them to calm down since that will infuriate them , and be gentle with their emotions since they are easily provoked or reactive . i'm glad to hear it ! transcendental states are quiet hard to maintain , but keep it . its good that you are tuning into your shadow function , its the only way to really integrate it and further empower ... 7w6 4w5 all enxp's that i've talked to experience this slump that the op is talking about . the slump is really due to the way ones cognitive functions work , and you're currently about to , or are in the grip ... go back to college , it really helps to have a degree . that is my advice to you really .