the bulk of humanity is just evil ... i want my naive un cynical perspective back . * sigh * ahhh how is it down there ? i've never been but i want to . i'm no longer in tyler now ... moved to an awful part of the state . * gags * i feel kinda weird ... i like * and am * being structured , i have a routine , i like my stuff clean and organized . it does get messy but that's usually just when i'm in a hurry or too sick or tired * i ... oooo i do this too . its weird , i used to not , then i kinda forced myself to learn to extrovert . now i personally feel , i'm tired a lot and don't want to look tired so if i feel nervous / uncomfortable ... i honestly don't remember what version it was , i was a kid , i just remember it being on the disney channel or something like that , lol . definately . i'm infp and hsp :) so , i could understand how a lot of infj's might fall into this since y'all have a relatively strong se ? correct ? even though i'm si , i still am hsp , from what i understand its ... yes , i suppose that would be true , but being type 7 is an idea generating enneatype , always looking for possibilities . what about the functions he prefers above ? si and se ? * confusing * i ... i have to confess i've never read pollyanna though i saw the movie a long time ago ... : x very wise words , thank you . but i don't feel like i'm tryping his persona , simply because we are both very authentic people . we both have personas and can see them in each other when we get around ... he said generating . ? ? ok i feel bad about it taking so long to reply , since you nice people bothered typing out a reply for me . i got sick with the flu for 2 1/2 weeks and was down . i read the above descriptions to him ... omgoshness i ha e to read all these now , it never alerted me that i had replies and i checked over a few days then got sick and * forgot * so glad i got some replies ! didn't think i would ! ok ! ! ! well i believ in soulmates ;) ... before we were married we actually started connecting , he has this paranormal psychic ability ( though its toned down some now ) where though we were seperated my ... it happened to me . no joke , found me my infp and we connect on all metaphycial levels . * bliss * i have tried to figure it out myself for a while now , and i ( and he ) can't really tell if he uses dom fi , or ne . he thinks he is infp because he doesn't see himself as an extrovert . we both can ... mother : enfj father : istj sis : esfp ( half sister ) wow . wow . reading this was like indulging in a melancholy book of poetry . it was beautiful , albeit painful , for you . you write beautifully ; its like art . and i have to say , after reading all of ... internally * not externally i suppose more or less . but even though i have fi dom and make my value judgements and interpretations externally , i still use fe and am aware of social context and expectations and do my best to ... keep in mind , btw , her enneagram type could influence how she came across . fi is moreso a value judging tool than so much a motivator on how we act . my husband is also infp , dom fi , but he reacts and ... i hadn't really thought of that .. thank you for bringing the societal thing to light . i guess that makes sense , women are expected to be emotional whereas men are not in society ... so dumb . ugh . ... this is just going out on a limb but i wonder if female dom fe or fi have higher unhealthy emotional states ... hmm hmm hm thank you <:) i do understand that those cases were probably where they were unhealthy . i can verbally lash out too , so i'm no saint . maybe its just parents , in general , lol i will confess i ... please don't apologize for feeling this way . i also have and enfj mother and she did the exact same thing to me . i look back on my teen years as living hell for me , all because of mother . she wanted ... thank you ! i only wish there were more men who felt this way than not . as a happily married woman , i can say sex for me , was saved for my one true partner and its beautiful exclusivity of a deep ... my brother in law is an arrogant insensitive little prick that think all the other 7 billion people on this planet should see through his retarded eyeballs . he oozes self-righteous bullshit and i ... i love traveling , its my dream , the problem is having the money to do it . plan on going to hawaii in the near future . haven't been outside the states yet , but it will happen . :) i listened to music and it helped get my thoughts a little clearer . thanks for the advice , i will try it all in hopes of getting it more structured . i think a lot of it has to do with my confidence ... so i feel i'm in a bit of a quandry . in some ways i ain't typical infp , i can be decisive , agressive , organized , opinionated , argumentative , outspoken , controlling ... used to think i might be ... i am so unhappy . i've been married for 7 mths and am having problems . my spouse has been lying and dishonest to me , and i just keep pouring my time and love into him . we moved to a tiny , ugly , ... best explantion i've heard by far and iive heard a lot . :) dear oompah loompah , why did you wound me ? why did you share your grief with me , taking your pain and placing it on my shoulders until it crushed me ? why did you leave such huge scars on my ... stressed , confused , frustrated , hurt , sad , anxious , uptight , tense , concerned , uncertain , indecisive , boggled and completely overwhelmed . great . we are squeezing things together by trying to have it all done in two weeks time , and now my fiancees shirt is backordered and there's no telling if it would be here in time . life is grand ! ! ... so i just set the date for my wedding , and in i suppose typical ne fashion its 2 weeks away , and then learn my fiancee is being laid off in 2 weeks and has to find a new job . i just quit my job to ... wow you guys are great ! ! and so encouraging ... i was insecure enough to not expect a reply . ectoplasmic : im working on talking to people more , starting to resort to internet convos more because i ... hey all , i finally decided to post about this , after researching this site to the ground about others experiences , i want to know if anyone had some advice or has had similiar experiences to mine ... im lonely , and my fiance is in penn , working . its a gorgeous day out , and i took my puppy for a walk . then the fatigue started kicking in and my body didn't want me to continue my slow stroll much ... numb . lonely . sad . longing . wishing . hurting . aching . uncertain . bored . tired . weary . dissapointed . i wish i could escape even though im not being threatened anymore . reactions from complex ptsd perhaps ? desire to flee everything that reminds me of my past ... begin a completely new slate . if it was ... hey im almost 21 female infx , engaged , looking for some new similiar minded friends . :) if u are from the tyler or east texas area and possibly want to meet up let me know ! ! i don't have many friends ... im an infx and honestly am hungry for like minded peeples to be with . i was just curious if there's any inf's around the east texas area that are interested in possibly maybe meeting up and making ... so i've been working a lot more . and we hired some new girls , and i don't like them . they're snotty and ignore me a lot , because im a threat somehow . i know what im doing i feel confident about it , ... so my fiance is off again ... and im left alone with my dog in a messy app . tired and sad . he's so mcuh to me ... my inspiration , my happiness . its so hard when he has to leave for this job of his . i ... i might have a bit of a rant on thi thread , just because of having to deal with some pain regarding idealism . is there really any such thing as ideal ? granted if you believe in a higher power ... i enjoy art / writing . but when i try and do it , i fall so short of my own expectations that it kills my inspiration . i want to create , i need to find my passion , my kefi . but ... i would so rather be ... i wish i had a twin ... not identical though ... that would make it hard for my uniqueness . swimming is awesome ! ! ! but being alone in activities where you don't know anyone sucks ! ! i wouldn't do it ... the functions test was good , thanks ! ! ! very helpful article , ty ! ! ! after doing a functions test and reading others experience of fe , i've come to the conclusion im still what i originally thought ... an infp , hehe