' esfp tmlt be into different crime series esfp tmlt be into different crime series it's completely fine and i understand your point of view and opinion . i'll try to open the situation up a bit more . firstly , infps tend to be quite sensitive creatures who feel things quite ... yep , that's quite about it . it is definitely making a lot sense . this is very cool , and you're quite good at this ! i'm interested to try this out , try to ignore that my type is visible on my avatar ... 1 . double standards . i hope i'm using the correct term . the word i want to use means when what you say / do ... i see there's lots of variety between the typing of characters . some of them are ( because we are talking about fictional characters , that might not always do the correct thing for their ... isfj or enfj tmlt have multiple truly good friends online , but none irl . entj , i'd think being a t doesn't contradict with being very dramatic . it just changes the reasons and ways of being dramatic . but anyways , dominant te with inferior fi can definitely make some stuff ... as an intj i can also relate to this , as far as i understood this correctly . superficially knowing what you want , or what direction you want to head , but then start questioning all of that . do i ... infp with high standards . ( or too demanding parents , been there , seen that ) tmlt always tell the truth about everything , but still manage to be nice to everyone . yeah , sure thing . best advice . 5/5 i probably just have visited at such small clinics that there hasn't been many workers there ... : rolleyes : so the vets have also dealt with the customers . and some kind of lab worker at some place ... 1 . what's your store of childhood memories like ? barren ? overflowing ? full of a certain kind of memory ? lots of good memories with this one friend in particular . i remember lots of different things ... i just try to disappear . i had ( i'm not really sure about our friendship status anymore ) this really sensitive infp friend who is very nice and we had much in common , but i'm very straightforward , ... esfp for the sake of experience and infp to be able to see the beauty and silence of night . tmlt barricade their properties and house with walls , tripwire and cameras so that no one can / doesn't ... well , for me it would probably be to much interaction with the costumers . and i myself couldn't bare treating and watching animals ( especially dogs ) whose conditions are solely caused by breeding . that's actually something i have thought about . but i'm a bit concerned about the fact that as far as i know many animals they use in research end up being without brains ... and maybe them ending up ... please change my username to spacevulpes yep , i definitely get that . i kind of left that stuff out on purpose . : rolleyes : i really don't like thinking about what i'm good at , but you're right , i'll edit my original post because that ... i appreciate this thought . programming has always interested me , but i haven't really actually tried anything . i also haven't ever thought about anything like this as an career option ... but this ... i'm 17 years old , living in finland and very lost with what i want to do after this phase of school . i'm currently attending school that is quite at the same level as upper secondary / high school ... exfj type most likely to write almost all messages ( in whatsapp ) using only emojis . estp apparently you can order yourself kidnapping , so type most likely to order one and think it was an awesome experience and order another one afterwards . use the ' blog this post ' button in the bottom left and copy & paste that into the ' quick reply ' box . note that it is usually not necessary to quote the entire conversation . it often just wastes ... okay , i'm back . yes i can get many quotes in one message , but i cannot get a one whole chain of a conversation in . if i try to quote a long chain of conversation with multiple person's ... i got it now ! probably ? at least i can get many quotes in the same message , but let's see if i can get them how i want them to be . thanks guys ! how can you reply with many quotes with the entire conversation in the message ? i can only get the last one in my answer ... i've been said , that i'm like dexter . haven't watched the show so i'm not sure if that's a good thing ... 617210 seems like a nice guy ? i could see infp to do that type most likely to invent weapons , but not use them for anything or tell about them to anyone . gender : male ( quite sure i'm a female ) age : 19-29 ( yeah , no . i'm sixteen , but my personality can appear to be a bit older though ) intelligence : gifted ( don't know about that ) openness : ... infps i've met are really nice and genuine persons . the other one is that kind of person everyone feels comfortable to be around to . funny , silly and yet still smart person . the other one has one of ... ixtp tmlt sing alone all the time but never when someone else is hearing 1 . p and / or low s 2 . ni maybe 3 . strong fi 4 . still ni 5 . fi and ni intj maybe type most likely to become a wise dictator i like writing . short fantasy novels and stories . i seldom get frustrated , but writing can sometimes do that . so i write often and small pieces at time . then i make those pieces a whole . i also write ... the distribution of your scores : type 1 : 14 type 2 : 8 type 3 : 9 type 4 : 10 last night i had the weirdest dream ever . i was on our yard with my friend and my dog . it was night and we couldn't see almost anything . then my friend had a sudden urge to go and get something ... as a child i was s definitely more extroverted than i'm now . i was a bit shy around strangers ( adults and children ) but otherwise i talked a lot . way too much . i was that kid who corrected everyone ... how can someone just randomly come and hug you when you are shopping ? i was in a small store and this one esfp i know ( maybe friend , but i wouldn't say so ) just comes from somewhere behind me , hugs ... i wasn't push to activities but my mom was ( and still is ) often annoyed to my behaviour in social situations . it's often said that being introvert doesn't mean that the person is shy . but i was ( and ... yep i remember those lessons we studied those pascal things ... our class was quite ... interesting . if we liked the teacher , we were extremely nice and the teachers liked us . but if not , we could ... it was so like that ... in maths we had this great teacher that always had some advanced and difficult tasks for those who found the book's exercises boring or too easy . or if you had done all the ... my swedish teacher was like 65 years old , somewhat nice person but was a crappy teacher . on first semester of seventh grade we had a different teacher , got a 10 then . but after that i had a nine ... in primary school i found nothing particularly interesting . secondary school started giving me challenges , so my grades started do rise and my motivation and interests too . waiting for upper ... how did i ever get friends ? oh i remember , that estp started dragging me everywhere ... but why ? we just think it's fun to analyse ourselves and other people we work with and talk about these things i'd say they both have intuition . rhett probably as dominant ne and link secondary ni . link ... ixfp but from experience i'll say infp type most likely to think all criticism said to him is meant to be constructive so doesn't ever get offended . i'm live in finland and i have always lived here . ixxj types are quite typical in here . introversion still isn't fully understood but it's okay most of the time especially when you can choose with ... i'm visual-auditory learner . as long as the subject is interesting or i think it is worth learning i learn just as well by listening , talking or watching something . but if it is not interesting or in ... i just realized a quite cool thing . i am intj and my friend is entj . my mom is istj and her dad is istj . my dad is isfj and her mom is esfj . my little brother is istp and her little sister is isfp . ... '