' i've faced rejection and the odd criticism , but there isn't a villain in my story . i've never had outside sources try to erode my self worth and am generally surrounded by supportive people . however , ... - nevermind - creatively , i think infps get inspired quite easily . my problem isn't getting motivation , but maintaining it through the long journey of perfectionism on that particular project . if i were less ... my dad is an istj and so reserved on the outside , but he has an incredible heart . he doesn't often verbalize his love but rather shows it by his hard work and dedication to our family . it's beautiful ... isxx and i are a really clunky fit conversationally . rabbitheart - i was obsessed with jimmy eat world in high school and their clarity album is still like a 50 - minute cryfest if the timing is right . i wouldn't say that is true ; i don't find it true in the reverse . since being with my boyfriend , i've felt my femininity more strongly than ever , and i believe he'd say the same of his masculinity ... misanthropy for me is usually a rebound from overwhelming large-scale emotions . those times when the good won't come into focus , and the people everywhere are starving-cold-abused-fighting-lonely ... i remember being 11 or 12 and wondering if i could ever commit suicide , not because i hated life but because i wanted to die before feeling the pain of my loved ones ' deaths . step warmly into the ... yesterday i hit some slush going about 45-50 mph down the highway and crashed my car into some trees . i'm very lucky , all that happened was a burnt hand from the airbag and whiplash , but the car is ... i'm loyal to books / records over digital and bet many other infps are too ( or at least appreciate both ) . relaxing with a silky soft cover is so sensual . but e-books looked way sunnier once discovering ... i've never worn perfume , i just like lots of fresh smells together - shampoo , body wash , lotion , fresh laundry . the bold ones get me . it's my reflex to feel intimidated by people who are better than me in my specific fields of interest , but i'm trying to use them as inspiration to better myself at my own ... of course ... i fell in love with a man i met on perc , a place we found ourselves because of an interest in personality psychology . this is no different than meeting someone with a common interest ... for me , it's fear of rejection . people naturally want to be liked , even if not romantically . often we try to soften the blow of our romantic disinterest by being kind to the unrequited , hoping he / she ... in honor of my complete and utter lack of j-ness . i am truly in love with a member of this forum . i would marry this man tomorrow if he asked me . print off ten copies of this picture and hang it everywhere . “ death is nothing to us , since when we are , death has not come , and when death has come , we are not ” - epicurus that's my take . i've always feared living more than dying . i am trying to overcome my ... i thoroughly agree . non-romantics are capable of romantic gestures , but if you yearn for someone who is romantic to the core , heart and soul , simple gestures won't fulfill you . i believe one is born ... me during every first day of class that involved an icebreaker : i switched to using my left hand halfway through reading the article . i have not been very active lately , if anyone wants to say hello stop by . : tongue : passed a hotel sign : let our sheets absorb your wrinkles : unsure : eww ... further down the road , huge billboard : don't let things distract you while driving i'm the exact opposite - i can't eat normal foods until i eat something breakfasty . sometimes i have breakfast for lunch and dinner too . it's a combination of liking those foods and being too lazy to ... love the picture ! you both look so happy . and love your dress in it laura . :P on wet summer mornings , i love to open the window and feel the dampness and hear the birds singing when it's still slightly dark out . it's so peaceful and makes me feel like i'm in a rain forest . everyone values intelligence to some degree , but they don't always agree on what it means . intelligence can mean street smarts that allow people to live in dangerous / unfavorable circumstances and ... a snake that likes to cuddle  i hate you little debbie . why must you make preservatives taste like heaven ... wanting to rewrite the first harry potter book now ... shorttail - you and i will get along , lol . aesop rock is the artist that changed my mind about hip hop . he has a vocabulary the size of africa and lyrically is just unparalleled . when i ... jazzanova damn good taste . nah , share em ! those who are offended need not listen . :D once upon a time i hated hip hop ( one of those can't spell crap without rap people ) . i listened to everything - from motown to hindu chanting - but was too stubborn to give rappers a chance . i ... i kind of regret changing my name because now i feel like a newbie that no one knows . tentaclezoom says hi , all you lovely infps . i always believed it would take me years to say i love you ( stuck on fantasies of a long , slow romance ) . then i met someone who allowed me to be my complete self , without worrying about coming on ... learn the rules , then screw the rules . :D use how-tos for inspiration , but don't get trapped in reading about writing . other than learning a few tricks , they only give the illusion of progress . to ... squee overdose the movie didn't do much for me , but i adore the anne books . they're some of the only books whose purple prose doesn't sicken me . i love the over the top idealism . pages upon pages of sunshine and ... won't happen before the last installment of harry potter comes out . granted , i'm a book loyalist , but it's still the end of an era - even god knows better than to fuck that up . writing is difficult lately , as i find english more and more inadequate at expressing the finer nature of things . i wish i could get a language pack implanted that allows me to think in any ... i'm dating an infp and before meeting him i'd never even crushed on another infp and assumed different types would be a better match , but we compliment each other so well . lots of similarities to ... two decades of easter and i still feel guilty biting the head off my chocolate rabbit . :P being in love with the idea of love made me a tad over-zealous with crushes in the past - i grew so hopeful of each new prospect , and felt that stinging disappointment when they fell flat - but i ... do you believe in soul mates ? why , or why not ? yes . human hearts were not made to be lonely . they were meant to find one another and melt into one . what is a soul mate to you ? define it in your ... hit reply with quote and copy / paste the whole thing into the reply box on the other thread . multiple tabs ftw . absorbed in a cloud , a dream-like stupor . laurachanelle i agree , and that's the incredible things about living in 2011 - your soulmate might live in a different country , but the internet increases your chances of finding that perfect ... '