' depression . loss of appetite . lethargy . inability of getting out of bed unless i've had 12 + hours of sleep . loss of interest in anything . irritability . sensitivity . that's the word - intense . and i definitely identify with the up and down and left and right and everywhere else . : laughing : i might seem aloof at first but i guess i can be intense and that throws ... intelligent , reasonable , rational , kind , intuitive , caring , genuine , honest , sincere , interesting , different , open-minded , ambitious , independent , and maybe a bit strange . the infjs i've known , as much as i admire them , were often incorrect . but i've noticed that they seemed to enjoy order and regulations but still had a quirky , interesting side to them . intps , i find , ... i was thinking intuition before i read your post . : laughing : it's maddening , isn't it ? when you see things but others don't . or when you know there's something to your gut feeling but you don't ... anxious , guilt , worry . creepy how accurate this is . this is something i haven't consciously recognized but it's entirely true . thanks for the insight . :p roud : i find that those who lack common sense tend to be intuitive or perceptive in other ways , seeing things that most often miss . so i think that it balances out . not at all . i can't remember any dream i've had in the past few months . : sad : not sure if that's a good thing ( nightmares or boring dreams are unpleasant ) or if i'm missing out on awesome dreams . there's only one infj i'm familiar with and this seems very accurate to me . * dies a huggy death * one of my family members is an intp and he's one of the few i'm closest with . we get along better than we do with just about any of our family members as we are very similar in many ways . i think i'm ... : laughing : you sound like a very interesting individual . if i was in a relationship , i think i'd be equally inclined towards doing similar things but not exactly that . lol you could easily ... bittersweet , selfish indulgence . i'm the same way . experience and an earnestness in adapting will help you in reducing the negative effects of those traits . instead of focussing on your flaws , it's important to look at what ... the very thought of having my personal space violated in that manner by a complete stranger is terrifying to me . : shocked : i always feel like i'm slouching but others compliment me on my good posture . but put me in front of a computer and i'll probably be slouching . i dislike the first song but i adore sigur ros and found the third song interesting . i listen to music from various genres but , interestingly enough , i do think that there is a sort of dreamy or ... the family members i am closest with and who understand me best are istx and xntp . and i have a few close friends but the one who understands me best is esfp . esfxs . i think that most of my closest friends were usually this type . i don't think it's an infp trait but i do understand . if an assignment , essay , or other work was not perfect in my eyes , i really struggled just handing it in . infj . sipping warm tea . a cold drink on hot day . the warmth of the sun on my skin . feeling cozy in oversized sweaters . reading a good book in a warm bed . the feel and taste of buttery popcorn while ... indifferent . usually , i don't really like discussing topics like these but the posts here are so relatable . i find myself turning down anyone who asks me out or shows interest in me , even if we get along well ... trees . 1 ) have any of you heard of her already , do you like her stuff ? no , but thank you for the link . it was enjoyable to listen to . no man alive is especially good , it's wonderfully haunting . 2 ) when ... i've noticed that as well . what others see in my silence depends on the individual . some think that i'm simply being snobby or stand-offish , some think that i'm just rude ( maybe it's my resting face ... sometimes - not always - i feel as though i can see through others . i don't think it's just their superficiality that i see through , it's as if i can see some part of their inner self or feelings ... thank you for taking the time to respond . that's an interesting perspective - that we shouldn't hold others ' imperfections against them . admittedly , i do have issues dwelling over ... i just jump into it without thinking . i think infps have a tendency to overthink , so once you just disregard planning ahead , it becomes much easier . i have the opposite problem though - i can only ... and here i came into the thread thinking that i've never experienced this until i read your post . : laughing : turns out , this is my experience almost always . i think it's natural in dreams so i never ... i guess this is sort of a rant but i'd love to read your own thoughts and experiences regarding this . lately , i have been evaluating my behaviours and life and have concluded that i need to step ... i think it depends on their perspective on introversion . for some reason , it appears as though extroverts are more bothered by introversion than introverts seem to be bothered by extroversion ... 1 . 63707 2 . 63708 3 . 63709 it seems as though this might be true for most people . i'm the same . as a child and adolescent , i would lay awake for nights in a row with my stomach knotting and turning out of guilt , even if the person said it didn't bother them . their face and my ... i do believe that there is meaning to my existence , to everything that exists . i don't think that the beautiful designs of all that exists just randomly occurred with no purpose . i go on because ... try comparing your resume with the people you know who've gotten hired . try to follow their style and take note of the differences . rather than just applying to entry-level jobs , apply to as many ... damian marley . gotye . dave grohl . japanese artists ( many of them ) . asap rocky . kid cudi ( definitely an introvert ) . maybe kendrick lamar . pharrell williams . the weeknd ( even though the message is ... i would like for there to exist true justice , true peace . today , there are so many injustices and hardships people face because of the intent of the very few , most powerful people in the world to ... i live in canada . although we may not be as characteristically charismatic as americans seem to be , canadians are still very similar in that extroversion is valued and introversion is seen as a bad ... i often ask others what's important to you ? but i never thought about motivation . hm , i'd say that wanting to accomplish my goals because of what is important to me keeps me going , so i guess you ... i know exactly what you mean . at times , the world , the precious moments in life , even the most regular things can fill me with an inexplicable amount of joy in my heart . sometimes , thinking about the ... 31 . i feel like i cheated though . i've recently read up on body language in an effort to improve my social skills . i seem to be able to read people well , i think , but i don't understand how ... i thought that introversion was not as looked down upon in japan , so infps would have an easier time being their true selves ? what is it really like for an infp in japan ? that map isn't very reliable . i know infps who live outside of europe / americas and there isn't a single dot to signify their existence . besides , whatever research this map is based on clearly is not ... interesting topic . i struggle with this as well . moondog is onto something , i think . the key may be smiling , having a sunny disposition , and most importantly small talk . i smile alright but not ... '