' i have no friends at all besides my boyfriend :( i am not happy about this , but even i try i always fail where would you live ? in the countryside with fresh air and green around and needs to be warm country mostly all year . what would you live in ? nice boungalow house with huge garden . ... i tend to be optimistic most of the times , but sometimes i get depressed and pesimistic :) i was addicted to tera online :) but i dont have money to get subb to play now :( well i often giving compliments xd example : i just met one person on course and i said . me - hi , i am natalia . i like your hair , and your handbag , look so nice . * look happy :D * ( i am freak ... i have once good relationship with my dad but everything changed . he changed and he never was good father anymore ;( all family left him , even my mom had enough of his behaviour . we tried to help ... i spend hell lots of time on internet , not only perc but never made friends , maybe once or twice but for not long time . i try to be myself , but sometimes i feel i can't do it . like someone would ... lol you make me laugh ;p oh thank you , well i am very happy that you can see me :D * hug * its just this outside world who seem didn't notice me . i have no friends ( not at all ) , its so upsetting sometimes . when i want to ... i always feel invisible ;/ job interview on monday ! oh no i don't want to , i am stressing out omg , please help ! t_t no one use to like me , i was often crying at school and been separate from others even if i want to make friends ;/ no one understand me and i was bullied . at school quiet and alone at home happy and ... just because it burns doesn't mean your gonna die ... ufeff you gotta get up and try , try , try .. thank you i arledy saw this website but it is still confusing for me . at the moment i am not claiming jobseekers allowance and i will never get any money from it . when i start again i will ask ... i dont know anything about work programme . no one never told about possibility to join something like that :/ i will do research now . i dont have experience and skills and don't know where to ... well i am working now on a story but still it is not good engough , need more work at this project :) now more important is to make more money , i dont have even money to buy christmas presents :( ... for me is really hard to do something when i can't see finish goal ! i just can't get motivated and i am letting myself down . sometimes crying over myself , because i am so hopeless ;/ after ... i always dreamed about writing something amazing , uniqe and loved by milions people :) since i was about 14 years old but all my ideas never been good enough for me . music always inspire me to ... amazing girl with violin , she gives me hope ... to follow my dreams mushr 00m i am in kinda same position as you , my partner told me just yesterday that he feel like i am small child who he need to carry for and he don't like it this way :( that i should be his ... 5000850009 5001050011 50012 50005 50006 no light , no light in your bright blue eyes ... even if i'm with my boyfriend i'm feeling so alone . i love him ... but i am in my dark place now ... oh yeah i cry mostly on every sad thing i find in movies , mostly when is relate to my life . little offtop , how i put in gif on this forum ? . welcome :) welcome :) welcome :) welcome :) i memorize only those things i want to , and always they are emotional things . i have short memory when i try to learn subjects and names . i can remember faces but not names ;/ amanda is right with everything . you have to seem interesting from the start , maybe little mysterious . never stupid , silly pick-up texts . give her your number . she will text you if you was ... you can do all day nothing , just sit on computer and play online game and listen to music in same time while singing to songs . welcome :) kaetastrophe i got same situation with my ex . he just say he not feeling the same anymore and its nothing to do with me . we stay as a friends . 4971049711 4971249713 i love arts with women in it . i'm straight btw ;p polish , german and english :) welcome and hello :) welcome :) welcome :) welcome and enjoy :) welcome fellow infp :) i just started on this forum yesterday and nice to know some people like me . ruth 2ten omg so cute kitty i love it * . * thank you ! sybernuker thank u :) i wish to find people like me here :) hi i'm natalia , i'm 21 years old . i'm a infp personality and i came from poland :) now im living united kingdom and working here . i found out just yesterday about what type i am and i found this ... '