' she seemed codependent or something in the movie , and generally sociopathic in the other times i saw her . so not really interested , outside of how she was inspiring or interesting to others . ... i was torn between gigantic and here comes your man . i think the velvet underground's waiting for the man kind of goes with here comes your man , and the two were kind of blurred . just blindfold him and hide a super soaker under the covers for the big moment . he will be very impressed . i think caffeine withdrawals are pretty hard . like i've had a headache on and off since i stopped my regular morning routine . i didn't even consume that much , but i'm surprised by the amount of ... just put ur hand n warm water and aim for the face . naw--just trespassed a lot . i remember when i was serving community service as a teen for various trespasses onto the nation and state and whatever , fellow citizens , they would serve the lunch provided to the prison inmates , ... yeah i know . i do a lot of observing in the forums--probably the majority of my activity on this site is observing . it seemed fitting to post in this thread since the alternate choice was a ... * shrugs * idk--seems like they put out a holiday album i am not super familiar with cocteau twins , though i am familiar with the story of frosty the snowman . rip shahada--a divisive member . she could trigger a whole mountain of snowflakes into a frenzy with a mere glance from her slouching anime girl avatar . #legendofshahada #triggerfreeperc ... they need 2 make a boobless sleeping pillow . shahada really earned her cafe legend status . the most triggering member to have ever existed here ... i said i was going to put ' never forget shahada ' in my signature , because she was the most ... i was in my living room , sleeping in a hammock . i woke up after the towers fell . what i remember most was watching how the tv news media was reporting--the words they were using , the pictures ... this morning is so peaceful . it feels really nice . i came up with this idea to reduce dishes and also get outside more , is to have burritos every night for dinner and picnic . so far it hasn't ... i have been thinking of magda gerber's philosophy of how to treat infants ( basically respect them as people and not objects ) and it's funny to me because this is one of the things she says about ... do we get automatic membership after menopause ? it will be soon and i need some free pizza and magnets for my fridge . so expanding on some of my thoughts about contemporary literature : i am currently reading ( actually listening to an audiobook ) the enchantress of florence by salman rushdie . it's interesting ... i have meditated and i felt it useful . i mostly focused on meditation as a kid , when i was briefly studying buddhism in late grade school / early middle school . but i never made it a practice . i ... this one made me laugh even though it's kind of mean ( idk why--i can't read it without laughing ): in the spirit of labor day though : [ / color ] what do you think makes for good literature aside from good writing ? i don't mean genre stuff either , although sometimes that can be a fine line . genre would be like fantasy , romance , thriller , ... no . i think it is pee--so probably if i squirted it would be because my vagina was so tired and perhaps the muscles were numb , which resulted in loss of muscle control and peeing . this hasn't ... this is from spamworld ( from database error ) but it caused many waves of laughter , so i wanted to add it here : ... well your beloved ' calzone ' is only a conglomerate of various sexual organs of plants , and the mammary products of animals . u can not produce them all in isolation ... maybe if you combine all these ... this morning i woke up early ... like before the sun came up , and cleaned my house ( some of it ) before work . it was a weird experience , but i enjoyed it . it was like a frenzy of rage too . like ... absolutely . equality . if you don't want to fuck all guys equally at the same time , then you are clearly discriminating . if you don't want to fuck all guys or any guys then you're clearly ... looked up horo dance  what about this ? update : new footage of theresa may has emerged ! running through wheat ! ^ oh i thought of this : naw--i changed my mind ... they aren't going to live that long--i need to get tomato cages and also find a way to keep my chicken out of that part of the garden . but i did water them with my dirty ... i love them with pineapple : semi-twins : :d evilish :: devilish :: devilish : jalapenos are really good--i agree . u r right . pm me tomatoes and jalapenos too . please . i have tomatoes growing in my garden . but i keep forgetting to water them . i shall name them after you , and water them tomorrow . in honor of your pizza . this is important ... b / c i like tomatoes . edit : oh were the tomatoes growing on the side of the road , or in a garden , or did you find a box on the side of the road with tomatoes in it . . the first photo is of a man who shot up a gay night club , killing dozens of people . the second photo is apparently of a police officer who shot a man reaching for his belt or something , and also ... yeah--i was thinking similarly to above . it's not really about having the ' right ' to a scholarship , as much as it's about whether or not you qualify for a scholarship and can / should pursue it in ... it's confirmed . wellsy's real name is roberto vilnix ( or something ) . and he's actually the guy sitting behind wellsy . i guess it might be helpful to illustrate that racism , to everyone , isn't going to be ' fuck in a job interview . so yeah , maybe my post seemed extreme--but really ? my mom and my family were white ... racism is not ' regulated ' by law . it is not illegal to be racist or to hold racist beliefs . we have white supremacists like richard spencer suing schools because they have the ' right ' to ... someone saying ' fuck ' in a job interview doesn't hurt anyone other than the person saying it ? i mean , unless the interviewer has some kind of past trauma related to the word , which is really ... i am feeling okay . a little anxious . one thing that snagged me lately , which i don't know what to think about , was that when i sort of explained the way i was as a kid to my counselor--the way i ... what is wrong with this world ? why can't anyone else understand the beauty of chocolate soymilk and tofu at an affordable price ? if you only knewww what you lost , people ... really ? i just can't ... oh--lol . i didn't even realize i was a millennial . i was just arguing with some of those stereotypes , thinking they were focused on gen z . maybe for the better since i tend to argue better on ... i love you . i just don't feel like talkin ' to anyone who knows me right now . * could probably be pre-recorded for everyone i love and care about for sometimes . '