' you wrote this so beautifully . i think what hurts me the most is when i meet people who pretend like they care and then over and over and over again they prove to me they don't . authenticity is a ... thank you for your kind words of encouragement ! god bless you ! hello my fellow infjs ! i know a lot of us struggle with feeling too different . i am just curious if any of you have experienced a sense of belonging at anytime in your life , be it with your ... first off , i have to tell all of you how enjoyable its been to read the meanings of all these avatars . i love it how each picture is like a clue about the person using it . thumbs up to all of you for ... well , i have been single for a long time and yes , i have plenty of people raising their eyebrows and asking if i am a closet lesbian . i try to respond graciously that i am straight , but have yet to ... when i first meet people , i am told i come across as friendly and exuberant . i have a childish and playful sense of humor . people are always saying i act all innocent and cute . my closer friends tell ... ha ! ha ! ni usually generates way more different ideas than the majority of the population holds to . you got the ni quirkiness down well ! lol . many of us feel like the odd one out in a society ... if i had a penny for every time my esfj sister asked me this when i'm deep in thought i'd be rich i tell you , rich ! hahaha lol . [ / quote ] ha ha ! so true ! those darn esfjs think everyone should have ... 5ft 2in . : kitteh : hey , hope this helps ! : happy : unfortunately , i don't know how to post links so i copied and pasted this off of personality pathways ' website . : blushed : they have very good articles on all the ... a lot of people give me compliments on my eyes . i have to admit , i like my eyes . people often ask what are you thinking ? i hate that question ! no way am i telling you that ! why ? because i am an ... i am considering becoming a massage therapist . i like the idea of doing something that helps people . knowing me i will change my mind by next week and decide to go to astronaut school . : crazy : lol thank you vivid melody ! you took the words right out of my mouth . i have to say christmas has always been my favorite holiday . it means a lot to me to be with those who are closest to me . presents are nice , but i really don't get into that as much ( unless handing ... people who try to control or micromanage me . : angry : there are other things too , like people who are mean , critical , and inconsiderate . i have a long fuse , but once i get to the end of it , watch out ... enya . it is peaceful and relaxing . i was such an approval addict when i was little . i still struggle with it . i've always behaved like an angel . my mom used to ignore me a lot so the only way i could get her attention was to clean the ... i love naming random objects . my gps is named eileen . my car's name is mr . mc guzzle . lolz my best friend is infj . when i first was getting to know her , i felt intimidated by her ability to practically read my mind and give a completely honest opinion about whatever i was thinking . at the ... holly , i loved the video ! clearly the most campy music video that ever there was ! the best part is when he sways / marches in place while he is singing . xd i love akward humor ! my sense of humor is ... i think i get along extremely well with other ns . we never get bored enough with each other to default our conversations to the weather.lol . we have many common nerdy interests so we enjoy each ... i've always struggled with feelings of emptiness , no matter how much i achieve , no matter how much volunteer work i do or how many classes i take , it always feels like i'm not living up to my own ... i am the girl quietly observing from the back of a crowded room . i am the girl happily wandering all over town by myself . i am the girl who sings off key at the top of her lungs when her room mates ... find a dream , does the stress of being around people all day overwhelm you or is it your boyfriend's family that makes you stressed ? maybe a combo of both ? i know for me , going out for big social ... apples with organic peanut butter and cinnamon sprinkled on top . so yummy ! that's what i do if i am not up to cooking . lol this year , holidays have been especially difficult . i've moved over two thousand miles away from family to get some much needed distance from all the drama , but now i don't know what to do with ... i like to have the company of others from time to time , but i'm verry careful about who i allow to get close . i feel like i can't hang out just for the sake of hanging out . i need to be able to ... mom : esfj : angry : dad : intp : laughing : [ quote = ice ghost ; 1837573 ] no , they don't have deeper interests . i would love to hear one musician write a song about the theory of evolution or the theory of relativity . [ / quote this is why % 90 of ... foot ball . it's sooo sooo borring ! what's so great about a bunch of people clobbering each other for the ball ? they never even make the goal before being stopped by the other team unless they have ... anahata , thank you so much for writing such a wise post ! i needed to be reminded of those truths . things seem very impossible in my life right now , but you are right that i do need to have more faith ... hi everyone ! i have been cycling through another one of my life feels so pointless when all i do is work and am barely able to pay the bills ! kind of mood lately . i want to possibly go back to ... yes , i am always feeling isolated . here is a sample below of what my friendships are like . no one seems to get my emotional intensity and my infj quirks . i hate being told how to feel , but it happens ... it certainly is quiet in here . time to put out some free coffee and donuts.lol hey there enfjs ! what makes you fall madly in love ? : tongue : how does someone go about winning your heart ? me ? infatuated with an enfj ? why don't be so presumptuous ! apparently , i'm not ... it amazes me how common bullying is in our schools . we need an anti-bullying movement to emerge in our schools and raise awareness . underdogs , unite ! lol ( not that i'd know where to start . i'm not ... unfortunately , i'm not what you'd call a healthy infj :-( hope this helped and good luck with your situation ;-) funny you should mention this being an infp because i had a similar situation with an infp male . we mutually liked each other , but i didn't want to get involved with him . i was in a transitional time ... i do a 180 degree turn when i see you walking in my direction . i get extremely quiet and shy . i act awkward and nervous . you can count on me tripping over something , knocking over an expensive ... i guess i've always had an artsy hippy kind of look with the way i dress . i love thrift stores . i've never been one to follow trends . sometimes i just like being a little bit dressed up because it ... who would have ever known we infjs could be so evil ? we could set out for world domination without anyone ever suspecting it . okay . here it goes . i feel terrible about this one . : unsure : i used to do babysitting for a wealthy family and one of the kids often acted spoiled , disrespectful and ungrateful so i purposely forgot ... 1 . i love thunder storms . 2 . i'm a grown up who loves kids shows ( i'm still in the closet about my little ponies ) 3 . i have a lot of health issues that only my closest friends know about . 4 . i want ... this thread is going to make me cry . :-( i miss so many things . i'm tormented by perpetual nostalgia because i used to know simpler times and now that i'm all grown up everything is so complicated ... - giving sincere heart felt compliments - smiling - knows just how to balance listening with talking - helping others - being generous and caring - encouraging people to pursue their dreams - ... yeah , i truly agree with ya here . it is pathetic how my friends have to drag me out of my cave . i'd much rather sit around thinking of everything and nothing all weekend then go to the movies all the ... oh my gosh ! ! ! yummy enfj guy ? that term is so hilarious ! i just about rolled on the floor laughing when i read your post . thanks for sharing . unfortunately my enfj guy was to old for me as well . he ... i suppose it could work pretty well with an infj / infp pairing . one of my close guy friends is an infp . i swear we have the coolest conversations on all kinds of philosophical , spiritual , and ... ha ha . i just need to find a nice enfj guy . i absolutely adore enfjs ! the only thing is i'm some what of a hermit so i hope the extravertedness wouldn't wear me out :-( hmmm ... wish i could contribute some nuggets of wisdom , but unfortunately , like most infjs on here , i have never been in serious relationship before . '