' i want to be less apathetic , hopeless , and fearful of failure . i want to be more thoughtful , more knowledgeable , and more open-minded . and i want to sleep with my neighbor . constantly . i'm not sure . i'm just so used to zero tolerance being the hugest lie of the countless lies public schools spout . edit : i wish there was more i could say , but i just start furiously ranting . not . ah ! i see . i get what you mean here , and i've always found family dynamics interesting especially because people make it out to be such an important thing , but so many families are just groups of ... i assume that most people actually have depth , but personal depth isn't really something you share with strangers which is why you might think it doesn't exist . i think that to see the depth and ... : 3 welcome to the infj forum , where the feels run wild , free , and strong ! |: i'm not welcoming you unless you're an intj . me and my so . a corgi and a german shepard . one or two cats . maybe a snake . i'm listening to nothing more often than i'm ever listening to something . i'm sure you're making the right call here , but i do feel the need to say that in time you'll probably need to forgive her for your own sake . not in the sense that you ever take her back or try to ... i was accidentally induced and born a week early as a result . oops i don't know if it was easy , but my mom always says it was the easiest pain to forget . it took a second , but this title really made me laugh . not sure if i'm disgusting or just absolutely terrible . tough call . yep . i used to be all up in arms about how you drop a cheater like a bad habit . i was raised this way . i heard about people staying together after they cheated / were cheated on , and i just thought ... thanks for the post . xd and as someone that used to be mormon ( currently an atheist ) , i know quite well that there are just a ton of mormons everywhere . everywhere . e_e your aunt sounds perfectly ... obligatory sartre quote i can be and often am super silly , but i have to work my way into it as i get more comfortable with people . as i meet new people i'm very quiet and reserved , and then i devolve ( or maybe evolve ? ) ... the older i get , the less i like them . i can't stand getting together with anyone beyond my mother , father , and sister . i'm not sure if it's just because i'm in a phase , or if this is how it will ... firstborn . older by about nine years . lewl . capricorn . my so and i sort of struck out into a really good path since this post ( after a few hard knocks ) , and i feel like we're both a little better at accepting that the other person means what they say / we ... one of my favorite intjs if i go to bed at 9 or 10 is pretty easy to get up at 4 . and strangely rewarding . night owl . it's the only way i can happily function . if i have to wake up early i prefer to be up by 4 am . i look damn good with a goatee . occasionally . i'm 5 ' 2 , so when someone is intimidated by me it lights up my fucking day . i live for those moments . top 5 characteristics : 1 ) quiet confidence 2 ) ability to express emotions , doesn't need to be good at it , just needs to be able to do it 3 ) intelligent 4 ) good sense of humor 5 ) works hard when ... there were two specific things he mentioned , but i only remember the bit about practicing medicine . perhaps the other was just general big business . to my understanding the sort of job he was talking ... i'm majoring in theatre design and technology , so lol i'm sort of useless on providing info for good majors over here in my dinky little theatre corner . but i'll try to help . history and ... i screwed up royally recently , and it haunts me . i've been doing things , but at some level they all feel like a distraction . however , i've been catching strong glimpses of how beautiful life can ... i'm 19 and about to move in with three 24 year olds trying to figure out just the same thing . i'll let you know if they find us any shortcuts or some such . i dunno how i feel about the idea of needing to be friends first . before my relationship there was a period of getting to know you , courting i guess you could call it , but we both went into it ... i think that's a pretty spot on estimation of the best way for an infj to seduce someone . i'm all about trying to understand people , and i think i would say i have a particular knack for appearing ... well , can you blame me for trying ? fuck if i know . i am as alluring as a box of rocks . i talk like a dishwasher , walk with way too much tension held in my shoulders , and any attempts to be seductive always ended up with me feeling ... seriously ? neither is more important . you choose which is more important to you and that makes you who you are . i will say this , being happy is a choice . it might be a hard choice sometimes , but ... this , man . this i'm too lazy to look into studies and all that , but i will say that i feel the system works against my introverted tendencies , so whether it's healthy or not is sort of a non-issue to me . i will ... well , fuck . don't tell her that , because she will be all up on that shit . but yeah . she's gonna just have to deal . she knows herself , and she knows she will live . if you want you can tell her ... fo sho ' , op . just admit who you really are and she'll probably run for the hills . problem ? solved . actualize one of my many ideas . ideas are for sure my thing , but i'm shit at creation , which is disheartening . i dunno if it's the same boat , exactly , but my boat is headed to the same destination all the same , i guess . oh , oh . do me next . is my avatar nf-y ? we'll call you dr . badass . - . ain't fillin ' in for nobody who is out drinkin ' unlessin ' you're providing drinks . why do you always double post ? because fuck the police , that's why . no way , man . i banish you from these lands and curse you for daring to call yourself whatever you feel most comfortable calling yourself . a pox upon you and your kind . don't call us ; we'll call ... no worries , bro . i have way less posts than you . i can't remember when or why it happened , but a few times since i started high school and maybe once since i graduated i've felt like i'm completely separate from my body . it was like i was a ... i'm good at thrusting , which is an awesome thing to be good at . the intjs i know are actually more of the video game type . '