' a for effort : you're making me choose ? i don't mind choosing , i just don't like being forced into it publically . years back when i was in university , this corporate motivational guru was doing a talk and ... two . maybe . as much as i can type . why not zoidberg's ? ( / ) ( ° , , , ° ) ( / ) i've been in management consulting for about 8 years . both internally and externally , only those with social and people-management skills will succeed , whether it's natural or learnt : in my case i ... so basically , anyone with ' daddy issues ' . if you need to slaughter him , feel free to borrow my pork sword . such a long , drawn out contest , to see who's the world's best drug dealer . play your cards right ... i hate to break it to you kid , but that wasn't santa . buying something on my kindle wish list is even handier . yeah , this - just less wordy . heh . one of mine definitely disappeared into the warp / dimension x recently . if she needed that much space to ask a simple question , i would have probably asphyxiated her with my manky socks . she got off lucky . tl ;d r - didn't get any ? immature kids and / or trolls . yes , be aware of your strengths , but please don't use this as an excuse to not work on your weaknesses . mbti has always been a development framework for me , to figure ... i've gone from being a management consultant in a global firm , to moving in-house to build and launch the graduate development program for junior consultants . strictly speaking i'm in talent ... i like cuddles . i didn't read any of that post , as it was about a million sentences too long . depends if i'm fucking with or not . never was so little said , through so much , and understood by so few . yeah , you're more of a latte . if you're wearing a jacket or ideally a waistcoat it won't . nothing , but that's because there's no such thing as a double windsor - it's just a windsor . and for the love of god , don't put a dimple in it . a serious lack of empathy across the board . windsor knot , bro - windsor knot . that's a bit of a change from a few years ago , and it looks like someone's gone corporate . sad commentary . declining standards on this forum , roughly about the time i decided to bugger off for a few months . 1 ) i'm 2 ) lazy 3 ) so 4 ) ask 5 ) me 6 ) some 7 ) set 8) questions 9 ) because 10 ) i should have drawn it in crayon . your sister being ? and hello perc , i figured i'd come and wish you assholes all a belated merry christmas . error 404 , you broke it :( does he approve of my wind ? i make this shit look good . it's just occurred to me that the west wing started 15 years ago . :/ i have my own style most certainly but i wouldn't call myself a hipster , i just like the 50s / 60s throwback look . there's always room for redheads . so basically you're mates with princess luna ? autograph . maybe ? i work in professional services , i have this on a coffee mug : just to be on the safe side , don't feed it after midnight . how arrr you , somali pirate ? it's alright , you can admit it . conveniently i live in a desert ; who knew ? depends : is my name just being directly swapped out for the moustachioed austrian's ? which isn't all that often , although a bit more so this year . bethdeth do you want to recap my uniballer status ? i had problems with my shoulder for ages lugging a work laptop , eventually moved to one on rollers and it made a huge difference . doctor told me it's all about the rotation , so generally heavy ... from a few months ago : i found my back is somewhat knackered on new year's day when i hurt it . two dried out disks in the lower back with one bulging , and apparently i have what's called facet joint osteoarthritis . hurt it ... it's the turn of phrase that does it for me , and i see you've read neither here nor there . if you've yet to read it , katz reppears ( genuinely ) in a walk in the woods . indeed , the man does have a way with words . i believe he reached his zenith with , disporting in the altogether when referring to nubile females . he's used that twice in a similar context , not that ... ... fwiw that is a great book . big fan of bryson even though he's had a few misses over the years . his compilation of uk newspaper columns during the period he returned to the us was hilarious , ... ah yes , now i remember xd i've always seen my self as a big cat : '