' hi ! thanks for your input ! yes , i do use my advantage being an innate people seeker , however i don't see the stuff that are shallow , i rather see the deep ones . in which gives me an advantage on a ... hi there infj's ! i'd like to ask how do you deal with connecting with people through the start of a small talk ? my fe is quite shut down for a while and it's beginning to feel hungry for human ... to sum it up briefly , i think i'm an entp because : - i think of possibilities a lot , and gaining important insights about it - i think like a lawyer sometimes , and even defeated a professor with ... hmm , i'm really weak at living the moment and stuff like that . i can say this because i'm totally absent minded . i'm weak at absorbing details , yet , if i absorbed it , it would retain inside ... this thread is a very successful ninja . always seen but hardly noticed . got your attention now ? well , no , i'm not john titor . sorry to dissapoint you . :) ) 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? itx 92s because ix92m constantly fickle . i usually ... hmm , it seems that you haven't encountered jungian typing yet ? i know for sure that i'm an entp . however , i'm just exploring the possibility of having 2 kinds of types emerged in one personality type . i'll disregard here the order of the jungian functions , ... judging by your signature , i assume that you already have a knowledge about the cognitive functions . pray tell me how do you use you ni and te ? that's also a possibility , however , i define si as absorbing concrete data to know and maintain stabilization of things around you . and se defines as absorbing concrete data to know much more about ... dude , just calm down for a moment . let's gather the facts first by answering my questions : when you we're a kid , do you order people to do things ? do you organize work load or at least organize ... you have a dominant fi function ( fighting for what you think is right ) have you thought the possibility of your type can be an isfp ? it's because of this , you absorb concrete data and ... yep , your dominant function bases on what kind of function you used as a kid . for instance , i always combine things and love to create new outcomes , i love creating something from legos , create ... good for you chillwave ! glad to help ya . ;) basically , the difference between intj and intp is : intj : they have an ideal world , or perhaps an ideal target result generated from their mind and they wish it to apply it in real life . this is ... you can try to differ fi and fe , since judging functions are easier to discriminate compared to perception functions ( ni vs ne ) . if you're more expressive in front of people , likes organizing ... 201650 here's mine . off topic : btw , i'm a sanguine-phlegmatic , anybody here does have the same type too ? entp easily bored likes a variety of topics likes to be with people hates routine a sanguine-phlegmatic entp . enneagram 7w6 3w2 9w1 ( only an approximation though , i could be wrong with ... i find your response veryy infj . evidence : this is a j type response . very high fe . good , it seems i presented an anti-thesis . so now you're confident that you're an intp then ? ;) pretty much entp to me . sorry if i'm being creepy . :) ) maybe when you're in 20 ' s that's when you develop your fe . just sayin . judging by your bio and twitter stats , and socionics type , you're an entp . perhaps a private extrovert entp . or if you're not really that confident about i or e , let's dig on to your childhood : ... this is possible . evidence : you judge based on your personal values . this is how you evaluate things deep inside . this is how ( i think ) an fe would describe her decision making ( if she's a ... since when did you became conscious of your ti function ? when you were a kid , what kind of cognitive function do you usually use ? also , when exactly did you make your story making as your life's ... particularly in what situation ? oh , i see , thanks for the correction . now i'm pretty confident to say that i'm an entp . oh me too . when i had my 2nd visit in a club , i danced around like an idiot , and i don't really care if ... that could be a possibility , however i read up a thread that talks about intp's being kids and majority of them are introverted when they are kids . if the model of the psyche is unchanging despite ... how about a sanguine-phlegmatic entp ? usually i hear entp's are like sanguine-cholerics . i've posted here before as to which type am i , but it seems i can't still see the light so i ought to test myself again . i saw a new questionnaire , and i find the questions fascinating and easy to ... i just did what exactly what you have suggested . i read how an infj developed as a child and i really could relate to them compared to ti doms . this is one of the reasons why i doubted myself as an ... i already answered a questionnaire before , and i wish not to post it again since i'll be penalized for double posting . btw , the results there , as far as i can remember , is not certain . some said i'm ... i see , point taken . but please , let's not stroll away from the main topic . ;) i plan first what to do . ( i find it confusing to move without planning my actions first ) then improvise whenever change happens . i'm both a j and a p . and i constantly use both of them , one after ... i see , thanks for your suggestion , however si is out of the question for me . it's true that i love storing details and relevant facts that i could , however i loathe routine work and not letting out ... ps : the purpose of the title is to reduce the replies that heavily base their responses according to the sterotypical mbti typing method . ( if your infj then that means your always like to be alone , ... is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , age , ... yes , it is possible . but not today . as for the format , i already predicted that i can be pretty much an f type in your intuition . but the clear reason why i changed the format is for you to read ... hello there , readers ! i don't want this to look like another typing thread , meh . so , i made some changes so you could somewhat enjoy reading . :D ps : i used the socionics questionnaire . well it ... do you question a lot about your existence ? or anything at all that you always think about in deep depth ? do you regard what you see as just a pinch of the real truth ? do you experience moments ... hello infj's ! i'm still confused about the use of the ni , so i propose that can you please recommend movies that serves the purpose of the title of this thread ? i see . another question , is it possible for intp to become adventurous ? i only doubted myself as an ixtp due to the fact that i'm more adventurous . the general consensus dictates that intp are more ... ti can be operated this way too , however , ti is more like this : i learned to fix a computer when i was in high school . i just dived in the cpu . opened its belly out , removed the parts , see how the ... that's what i do to . i learn through experience just by tinkering an object without thinking much about what is the right course of action to operate it correctly . for instance , when i operated a ... i can totally relate to what you've just said . indeed i feel it that way . i always pick up data and quickly form a conclusion that stands as a foresight , and usually , i'm right about my conclusion . oh i see , honestly , i don't follow what you've said . please explain more how you see how things work with fi ? and i know about the purpose of enneagram , combining it made more sense to me , it's ... i see , thanks naradluffy ! i think mbti or the jungian functions can never really measure exactly what a person is . it only provides an overview of a person's personality . i think that explains the ... maybe i'm going to take on politeness . because i lie , and sometimes i cheat , but not steal . i can be compassionate at times too . when i use my fi , it's usually being true to what i want . or maybe i ... going to check this out ! thanks ! :D well yeah , i just found out that i'm an intp / istp . either one is fine , but i'm more of an intp . ;) i appeared infp that time because i was in the grip when i posted my traits . i was like asking ... yep . but still , i can't decide which type really applies to me . as much as i would want it , i want people's opinions to match up . but it seems i made it much complicated xd the entp's told me ... '