lol this has to be a troll post , if not ... wtf ! ? well generalizations are often generally true , examples ; mexicans like tacos . nigerians are black . americans value freedom . etc . you can't really dismiss his view just because its a ... no it is not mistaken , that is how the term is used . however the term is not closely defined and it can have some variants of meanings , but no one uses it in these circumstances to describe a guy who ... metal for kids . i think it's awesome , and finland just owns that way . :D maybe this would be something then eh ? when , where , and how were you introduced to metal ? i was introduced to metal when i was about 12-13 by a classmate . we used to go to this place in the school that had a nice sound system where we ... seems there are a lot of fantasy lovers here . if you have not already , go read a song of ice and fire by george r . r . martin . best fantasy ever written as far as i am concerned . and anything by ... i made a small mistake in my post which i have edited , and you clearly misunderstood it . even if you are a ferrari and an exception to the rule , it does not change the rule . meh . thanks , definitely going to watch this . i just finished watching a documentary named faster than the speed of light . it's pretty good and can be viewed streamed from : watch faster than the speed ... niceguy ( spineless puppy-like mentality ) . ahole ( aggressive , assertive , confident ) . guess it depends on what the guy wants . this : ... sign me up as one of the nature lovers , i love being out and about in nature . fishing with a friend on a lake somewhere in the middle of nowhere , pondering the big questions together or just ... mordekaiser es #83 huehuehuehuehue this could be useful as a mental exercise / game . find the most and / or longest words hidden . so you like feminine guys and feminine equals doing feminine activities like sewing / cooking / watching dramas / ... maybe cleaning as well . sounds to me like you are looking for an old fashioned ... this : you win this thread . lol , need more definition ! what does that even mean ? him wearing high heals ? you are doing yourself a great disservice thinking like this . if you compare yourself to an idealized version of others you are always going to come up short . realize that most people struggle with ... the opening 2 minutes was pretty nice , the rest is not that great nor scary . i remember watching poltergeist as a kid , sure i was scared of mirrors for awhile but meh they should not have banned ... halloween is not really celebrated in my part of the world , at least not in the same manner . all hallows eve is a day where people light candles on the graves and remember their lost ones . just ... i have to agree with your take on the trollhunter movie , its awesome . the grudge ( 2002 ) - imdb above is a japanese movie . the one below is a hollywood remake . the japanese ... immortality and a mind decoupled from its physical limitations with the ability to expand forever . q1 . concentration camp - - help kill your own child , or watch your child + an innocent man die as well . my son will die if i do nothing , he will die if i pull the chair . i would do neither and ... i know and pointing it out was useless . so did you .  i get depressed when thinking about time and the fact that it will put me in the ground way before i have come to know all that i want to know . jeans , shirt , shoes . always the same color on everything to avoid mismatching . this . hated it as a child when i wanted to know the why's and how's and got that fucking reply . if the definition of dancing is moving your body to a rhythm then sure i have done that . never thought of it as dancing though and sometimes it was unintentional . i have done this many times ... mmm those birds and that plate with meat on it looks delish ! that guy is probably a lot more healthy then your average joe eating factory farmed crap . that would be awesome . that's actually a rather tough question to answer . when speaking off gender neutrality / gender equality in sweden you kind off have to address the different segments of ... you know where i can find these studies , i would be very interested to read them . i have lived my entire life in sweden and this sounds way off , i would say that the 70-30 sounds far more plausible . she pays for everything and takes me to a hotel room where she rides me like a pony . when i wake up she is gone and on the nightstand is 100 $ and a note saying : you were great . finding flaws . turning problems this way and that , looking at it from multiple angles and making people go oh i never thought of it that way . i know you didn't ask for weakness but ...