' sounds like an esfj i was in a relationship recently . to the t . i am not an expert on mtbi , but something about their ability to pick up on things with their senses makes them have to come up ... ne anger - venting , pacing , trying to figure it all out fi anger - anger clouded by void of deep emotions , irrational , hard to put things into words , more likely to just cuss for no reason si ... could even be esfj , is she very cleanorderly ? difficult to fully type someone based on the limited snapshot you shared . i have seen some of these characteristics across different types . she is definitely an extrovert that is for sure . is her ... ive always enjoyed your posts so feel free to have at it :-) i can relate with you all so much . i once was in a training program that made me abide my a strict schedule , and if i wanted to do things i liked i had to work to fit it in . i don't think i ... the part in bold i think is very interesting and give insight into the underlying motives here . where we find our identity in relationships , etc . assertiveness is critical , not being motivated ... another thing i've noticed as enfp , is that if i am too closely connected to someone and feel either bored or stressed out , i need to find some time away from them have my own adventures and do my ... i just read the thread i married an esfj and need help ! i've recently been in a relationship with an esfj and noticed a few pitfalls that i don't understand . i have also heard them described ... dang this thread is scaring the daylights out of me for my romantic interests in esfjs ! ! ! is there any hope ? lol it also was extremely informative and honest and raw which i appreciate . if being yourself isn't enough there is a problem with them do you love him ? does he love you ? love isn't the infatuated emotions , its so much more than that . i also know that long term commitments give you the ability to experience a different , much ... read up more about enneagram 4 ! enfp can thrive in long distance relationships . just be careful about moving too fast . enfp fall hard but its only going to last so long , if the other parts of the relationship don't develop ... the irony is , as an empath , im also very narcissistic , just in my relationship im trying to fulfill my empathic fantasies of changing people lol . i am just a different brand of narcissist . anyone ever heard about this strange attraction between narcissists and empaths ? here is an article if you wanted to learn more , but i will also briefly summarize it here ... i can relate big time . if you are a 7 on the enneagram ( where many enfp abide , myself included ) , your numbness likely comes from your need to avoid pain , so when you reached difficult times in life ... i love this quote from eternal sunshine of the spotless mind ( clem is an enfp 100 % ) i'm not a concept . too many guys think i'm a concept or i complete them or i'm going to make them alive , but i'm ... do you have any routines in life ? what are your thoughts and experiences developing routines in life ? i find this interesting because as enfp 7w6 , finding a satisfying routine is probably ... when i experience depression first i feel like i'm cloudy , dark , foreboding , lethargic and like i am walking thru a swamp in life , trudging through . at this point , i generally feel kinda numb and ... lol dude try to walk a mile in our shoes . it's no fun for us either . if you havent already , check out enneagram 7 to understand the struggle . free kekistan how to flirt with enfp : 1 . what are you thinking about ? proceed to listen for 6 hours . 2 . your so interesting ! * crack ! * another piece of advice , enfps are pretty into problem solving . a situation like this will likely have no easy solutions and esp with fi activated this could suck us into existential crisis mode . ... sounds like an enfp . we are so concerned with possibilities some of us have a very hard time walking away from things . while it can be self justified to follow our ideals , it's really motivated by ... that's really sad , because i can relate so much . i find this whole other part of me , similar to a 9w1 on enneagram , come out so easily when i start to fall in love with someone . here are a few ... whats your mtbi ? what is it about your fi that you feel is missing ? enfp the double edged sword of needing people since i have to think out loud to figure out the world and what i'm thinking , and i need other people perspectives to make decisions , and i need ... does your car horn reveal something about you ? i heard a loud meeep earlier today but mine is more of a biiip daydream about ideals , ideal future daydream about conversations with people i know , expressing myself and being understood . or just the most random things ever try it lol this may be a bit more serious than the others but here is mine : i want to believe in true love . probably my most deeply held fantasy is love overcoming some impossible situation . i often felt ... i am no expert on enneagram and was wondering if someone could make sense of this for me . when i read and take the test , i end up as a 7w6 . i feel like this is where i feel the most at home in ... 1 ) where are you from / where do you live ? midwest usa 2 ) how old are you ? 35 3 ) what sort of work are you doing ? sometimes people give feedback in the way of absolutes or labels , which are so restricting and we hate them . but , i would caution not to throw that sort of feedback away without considering the ... blatant disrespect and or violating my values in some way gets the door slam from me ! ... when leaving a voicemail you have to listen to it ! ... when writing an important email you reread it like 10 times , pretending your the recipientand trying to view it through all their ... moral virtue and ethics - work hard and be the best version of yourself is probably my main one kids are cooler than adults really loving people is not only words but in actions and loyalty ... like with me , i can just flow and talk and talk about the future and my feelings about the future . in all aspects of life not just the relationship . with her it was difficult to draw much out of ... the thing that throws me off was how she had a hard time communicating ne in a relationship . seemed alot more like a sensor . i will say this sort of attitude , while more aggressive than i am used to is refreshing . it's direct and yet doesn't overblow the conflict . i often err on the side of over-thinking , so i am prone ... lol my bad i missed the link and thought you were just talking about how introversion works with you as enfp i read the link and really jive with both ! my social situation changes me a lot ! i ... these qualities lean much more esfp than enfp : tend to be materialistic likely to ignore or escape conflict situations rather than face them lifelong commitments may be a struggle for them - they ... what a cool story ! i can relate a lot , especially when you talked about your mom . i am prone to the same issues in relationships and they will cause problems sooner than later if not addressed .  ... i rarely call , though i do text . i am in a strange season of life tho where most of my friends are married and i am single . for the most part they have disappeared into the married void so it can ... in bold first and foremost , the behavior of someone is not what the enneagram is determining , rather their motivations . 7s are motivated by the need to avoid pain and boredom . also there is a lot ... i have a thing for certain esfjs , which is dumb cause it's not the best fit , but the combination of them being so orderly and hard working along with how well they give receive affection just revs ... wow that was incredibly insightful and helpful ! i never saw it from that perspective and that is very enlightening . maybe i am somehow imposing my own strivings for personal development onto ... i find my narcissism ( bored with / rejecting people i find uninteresting ) and times that i am emotionally turbulent bring out the most introverted sides of me . also any disconnect from a passion or ... '