' in keirsey's re-organization of the types , istjs and infjs are actually the sensing / intuitive counterparts of each other , so it's understandable that they would be confused ( i have confused them ... i would taste like butterscotch , i think . and diet dr . pepper , as i consume a great deal of it . i probably get on with entps better than i do with the other nt types . they're fairly pleasant company and don't try to impose anything on you . these are just my impressions erin : esfj abby : entp patty : esfp holtzmann : intp captain nemo is an intj that reminds me of another one he says : faster than greased lightning i'm from the midwest / great plains , but most all of my family originates from the south , and they passed down quite a few of their southern ways . whenever my grandmother's cellphone vibrates , she ... infj . i certainly was not a mischievous child ; intentionally causing trouble was something contrary to my nature . however , most adults and fellow children found me strange because of my bizarre ... i run in the opposite direction yeah it's keirsey . in the book personology , he showed how type is revealed by human action , and laid out a new system for identifying type in this way . i'll shoot you a message to show you how it ... kierkegaard and plato . i also find these philosophers interesting : - machiavelli - schopenhauer - rousseau hannibal lecter is indeed infj ( compliant-inquirer , contending role ) so we're typing jake sully ? ( removed ) here's a few isfps from my research . - michelangelo - wolfgang mozart - agatha christie - theodore dr . suess geisel ( removed ) in addition to kurt cobain , i found a couple more infj musicians in my recent research . gary lightbody of snow patrol george harrison of the beatles muhammad ali was a performer-artisan ( esfp ) kurt cobain is the only one i know of . temperament : compliant-inquirer ( nf ) role : contending type : infj - the counselor and there's your infj musician , folks . raskolnikov is a mastermind-rational ( intj ) . dostoevsky himself is indeed infp . types are not smart or dumb in themselves . that would depend entirely on the individual . achilles temperament : compliant-inquirer ( nf ) role : initiating type : enfj - the teacher agammemnon i know that odysseus is an entp , but i haven't identified the types of the other characters . i'm gonna do some re-reading today . the office is definitely one of my favorite shows of all time . the humor is brilliant and the characters are extremely well-written . these are the types of the four primary characters . ... temperament : adaptive-inquirer ( nt ) role : initiating type : entj - the fieldmarshal this is how the two characters stack up in keirsey typology . amelie temperament : compliant-inquirer ( nf ) role : contending type : infj - the counselor amelie is an nf who plays a contending role , which makes her a counselor-idealist ( infj ) in the keirsey system . dufayel ( the old man ) is a different story . using the same method , he comes out ... amelie poulain , definitely . i've tried to type these characters before , but it was mostly guesswork . this is how they come out in the ktt method . elsa temperament : compliant-inquirer ( nf-idealist ) role : contending ... this is the book : keirsey's personology is basically a re-organization of the types based on their observable actions , and ... ( removed ) depth has nothing to do with temperament . i've met shallow nfs and i've met deep sps . i've met shallow nts and i've met deep sjs . there is no hierarchy of types ( although keirsey saw it that ... the compliant-contenders : inspectors ( istj ) and counselors ( infj ) oh , sorry about that . i can also discuss an nf typing from this perspective if you wish . what i'm using is keirsey's type-identification method from his last book personology , which shows how ... where are my car keys ? i've been in a lot of places in the u . s .. from maryland to michigan to california . i am spending christmas in budapest hungary . it will be my first trip abroad . i'm from the great plains region of the u . s . : a small rural town in oklahoma . it's a remarkably pleasant place to live , actually . the whole atmosphere is very peaceful and tranquil and sleepy . i ... that's only if your beliefs rest on reason alone , in which case they would not be beliefs , but false ideas . a belief is something you accept in spite of doubt ; it's a matter of the will , not the ... it's funny you should mentioned that . i researched kelly just the other day . temperament : compliant-inquirer ( nf-idealist ) role : initiating type : enfj - the teacher yeah i'm using a different system . and it's behavioral , so the functions don't translate . i simply saw eilis as being more adaptive ( a trait of sps ) than compliant ( a trait of sjs ) . these two ... eilis lacey temperament : adaptive-enterpriser ( sp-artisan ) role : accommodating type : isfp - the composer tony fiorello temperament : adaptive-enterpriser ( sp-artisan ) role : accommodating type : isfp - the composer intuitives are undoubtedly drawn to typology for that very reason : the speculation , the self-development , the romantic identities , etc . that stuff's like candy to us . as for proof , didn't you ... when i was a kid i cried while watching all dogs go to heaven at the scene where charlie says goodbye . but can we observe this causation ? no . and what does that make it ? speculation . so far as anyone knows for certain , the causation of temperament is birth . you're born with a set of personality ... cult , haha ! i was referring to the ktt facebook group . ktt doesn't try to capture the entirety of a person ( which no system can ): just their temperament and type . anything beyond that is ... the jungian-mbti system is ultimately based on speculation . it also contains some flaws , such as failing to take into account emergent qualities that appear when the types are observed in real-life ... temperament : compliant-inquirer ( nf - idealist ) role : collaborating type : enfp - the champion another thing that gave it away was the informative / directive difference that separates ... there are a few of them in politics : - aung san suu kyi - vaclav havel - john kerry then again , i can't imagine it being a counselor-friendly work environment . '