' if you can make it work it will be amazing . my ex ( entj ) and i were pretty much inseparable while we were together but she was something of an emotional hard ass . she never really gave me the ... i've been feeling down lately , and normally i curl up in bed and go through the motions until it passes but this time feels different . i feel as though my personality is crashing down around me and ... i think this thread has unraveled and i feel we should abandon our posts . i had to do this recently and the only way it worked was both of us agreeing not to talk to each other . by staying in contact we just ended up in bed together which didn't help anything . i wanted to be bill nye the science guy ! well have sex a few more times and get back to us . :P success breeds confidence my dear . : tongue : i do remember losing mine and yeah it wasn't as big a deal as my friends and everyone made it out to be . when i have sex with someone that i'm head over ... well you have apparently found someone who is unskilled , not to boast or anything but the words of the great george thorogood they all leave satisfied applies to my bedroom antics . the real problem is that nice guys give women what they need emotionally without making them reciprocate physically . so my question to you guys is why would a woman that is getting her emotional ... well from what you say early on in the post she was definitely flirting with him so at one point she was attracted to him so there could be some residual chemistry there if he didn't land himself in ... all my exes have found my weirdness endearing . : cool : i didn't read these books to be a player or bang random women . i read them to gain a greater understanding of why and how men attract women . i really was oblivious when a woman was flirting with me ... the best advice i can give you is to read the game by neil strauss and then subsequently david deangelo's double your dating . they'll change your life dude . you know you're an infp when the relationship that you've constructed in your head is an order of magnitude better than the one rooted in reality . i think a lot of this infp male attraction or draw comes from the fact that when we are comfortable with someone and we like them the sexual tension is freaking insane . i was dating an entj about a ... as an infp programmer i recommend that you start with c and then move on to the more abstract languages . most programming languages are based off c and this will give you a great foundation and give ... stop being so bitchy and depressing all the time and learn to have a bit of fun . one of my really good friends is an infj and i swear to god he just needs a smack sometimes . so this is your digital ... like my username comes from a star wars origin . i used to play a star wars total conversion mod of the space sim , freelancer . the first time i logged onto the server i used the name ... i hear you there i'm dating an entj now and before we got together i think i had seen her smile a handful of times now when we see eachother our faces light right up ! i get to see a very romantic ... while what you say is true . there are times that people are attracted instinctually to eachother and i think that learning to recognize a woman's indicators of interest should be ... i was like you then i met an entj that turned my life upside down . anyway we started as friends and things just developed into a romantic relationship rather quickly . i hate to tell you this but ... i don't understand people who can't let themselves be happy . well i'll go a step further and say xnfp xntj sexual chemistry is amazing . it's not just a sexual thing though there is some kind of magic that happens when our types meet it's almost instant ... it was really sad . i hurt a person i care about because i thought i could trust a good friend to keep what i said in confidence . yeah that would probably be awkward . if you're ever in vermont shoot me a pm and i'll show you how we do things in the green mountain state . :) ha ha yeah if you ever date one you'll find out real quick that it's their way or the highway . that's part of the fun sometimes though seeing their faces going all red and watching them get ... this thread makes me smile . i got in trouble early on in my relationship for taking sex too lightly . i was talking to a friend about how amazing it was in bed with my entj and then he told his ... i'm right with kindofblue 06 there is a point at which i become a complete extravert and i turn into the life of the party ! ^ _ ^ there are a lot of people in my my life that know me but i'm not really friends with and they tend use me as a sounding board for relationship and other problems . the other day a guy who i know just ... ha if you think enfj's are bad try dating an entj if you don't go crazy in the first month you'll probably be with them for life ! anyway i know an infp male / enfj female couple and they are ... monkey king what kind of tablet do you have ? the fact that you need to ask means your a sensor now gtfo :P just kidding idk do you find yourself daydreaming a lot or thinking about how things could be better instead of how they are ? nontransferable mike 75 omg this guy actually understands infp's ! ! ! i think someone should throw lucifer a blanket because hell just froze over . yeah i hear ya that's kinda what i had in the back of my mind , because we are very emotionally intense when we are together and i honestly forget she is a thinking type . which is kinda nice in some ... thanks yeah idk she gets pretty wrapped up in equine stuff , which is her passion , i was just wondering because when i say hey what's up with dissapearing act she just says she is busy and if i push ... so i've been dating an entj female for about 2 months now and some weeks she wants to spend all her time with me and then she just sorta goes cold for 4-7 days . is this normal ? am i being a crazy nf ... i'm an infp male with an entj female , and what we have is beautiful . we don't try and make eachother happy because just being near oneanother is enough to make us both happy . we went through a bit ... i wouldn't say i am lazy because when i am trying to accomplish a task for another person i don't have this problem as long as i don't get invested in the project . once i invest in a project i hold ... so i have this sort of character flaw , and i was wondering if others shared it . i'm a perfectionist when it comes to completing tasks , if i set my mind to something i have to do it perfectly . if i ... believe me after all the hard science fiction and space operas i've read it's a wonder i haven't offed myself already . in 7th grade i read ben bova's jupiter ( 444 pages ) in a single night although ... i'm really pulling for some zombie apocalypse , i'm mostly hoping that all those hours at the range and thousands of rounds of ammunition weren't for naught ! well we are the best ! : tongue : i love people who develop their intuition ! oh thank god someone finally verbalized how i have to learn math ! the king of dreams snail oh get a room you two : tongue : anyway back on topic , i started dating an entj two months ago and the only word that accurately describes our relationship is electric . ... well our situation is a little different she is actually really great at dealing with others feelings and has no problem telling me how it is or to put it more accurately how she thinks it should be ... yeah the way that lady did it is the traditional method of smoking hookah and that is how it is done in the middle east , but if you're an occasional smoker this way is much more pleasurable . i'm absolutely terrible at math that isn't geometry . i think my ne helps me there . as an engineer i use my te a lot when i have to explain / understand concepts . my fellow employees most of whom were nt's and st's thought that my written and verbal communication skills were ... '