' the extrovert part is why i might have a hard time convincing my gp ; i've always been a performer . it's the only job i've had ( quit last year and have been sitting on my ass getting poor ever since ) ... had a therapist last year who dx me with gad ( generalised anxiety disorder ) but that is only one manifestation of my avpd , imo , as i show people what i am comfortable showing , and just showed her my ... i have many public personas . there really isn't any nourishment for the inner me in this society , so i just let it out when in my own company at home . it's important not to forget who you are , even ... friendship is overrated . i have a couple of real friends , but i don't see them often , due to location . other than that , i just spend time alone , indulging in hobbies . aside from the invaluable few , ... when i have a pub gig - which i try not to do often - i see no reason to arrive hours before my first set . social clubs freak out if the act isn't there around 7 - first spot's not ' til half nine , ... i wish i had two sets of everything , brain , hands etc , so i could do all the things i want to do . i've decided to set up a publishing company , rather than publish my novel through a vanity publisher ... i don't know if this thread is at fault , but i've been talking to myself a lot more lately . or maybe i'm just noticing it more . anyway , i regularly have fits of giggles out loud while watching tv and ... haha i do plan ahead . take today , for example ; i had to be at an appointment at ten , so i set my alarm for eight . and slept through it . i don't do mornings ; i work late . :P ^ i like that combination . i was so late today , i didn't show up at all . ah , well . better luck next time . my patience does not extend to everyone . wilful ignorance is the one thing that is guaranteed to get on my last nerve . a terrible person ? yeah , right . i've been in the sisters of charity soup kitchens on many occasions - tell the nuns there , who are feeding and clothing the homeless and destitute that miss germanotta ... please . contribution to society ? people need to stop fawning over idols that encourage little girls to be prematurely sexualised , and redirect their attention to what is important in society . mother ... i have different styles for my moods . my most often worn style is similar : skinny jeans , biker boots , band t-shirts etc . i also like to dress up for special occasions , but mostly i wear what's comfy ... if i make a mark in time , i can't say the mark is mine . i'm only the underline of the word . yes , i'm like him , just like you , i can't tell you what to do . like everybody else i'm searching thru ... the meat dress wasn't original ; it had been done before ; as has everything else she has done . and not just her , but all the modern ' artists ' . the biggest part of marketing a mainstream artist these ... i can relate to that . yeah ... life in general is an unfulfilled void . i do little projects to act as lily pads in this fetid pond , but mostly , it's unfulfilling . i have an overwhelming sense of being trapped , due to lack ... lmao ! i never factor travel time in . y'know , wherever i have to go , be it locally , a bus ride away , or the next city , i always leave myself twenty minutes . similar to your friend , i think any ... i'd love to be a writer for a living , but since finishing my novel , i hit a brick wall haha . i don't have much experience of writing short articles or prose , which is where the regular jobs are , i ... not an enfp , but how i look has had - still does have - an effect on my personality . the base personality always remains , but it is hammered and knocked out of shape by experiences related to other ... pasting a post from another forum : i hope miss germanotta's money , fame , and success sustain her when her human experience is over . my online self is far more sociable , and perhaps confident . i never realised that . but this week we've had glorious weather , and it ' highlighted how i have no one to enjoy it with ! partly , because ... thanks for the clarification :) that's a good explanation . when i'm out and about , i'm the biggest extrovert of the bunch , but i get quickly drained by external stimuli and take longer to recharge . i also really like my own ... you sound a lot like me ! also in your first post . i do go on solitary walks , trips etc now , because i force myself to . i've wasted too many years not having experiences because i had no one to share ... yes , i think it's both , too . when i was younger , say from birth to around six or seven , i was greatly nurtured by the entire family , due to being the only child / grandchild . i got an excellent ... that's one of my pet hates ! show up at my place without calling first . ah , the dream is dead for me . as long as i can achieve some things in life , it's better than nothing . and when i do dream about where i'd like to be in the future , and what i'd like to be doing , i ... anywhere , really . whenever i get on a plane , i always end up in berlin , unless i'm working , so i'd like to just see as many places as possible . as for the missionary work , i'd probably work at an ... yeah , it is a shame , but them's the breaks . i guess i experience love through creating , and nature , and art , and random things like drawing back the curtains to be greeted by a beautiful sunny day ... i tend to rein in my emotions when in public , unless i'm feeling manically energised ; because that's fun to share . not sure ; i steer clear of relationships . i always picked liars and cheats when i was younger , which has put me off for life . now i just call undercover lover when i need some physical attention and ... i guess my introversion comes from the realisation early in life that i was unable to attain adequate nourishment from others . what i contributed emotionally , culturally , and otherwise was never ... i forgot about the coffee and tobacco ; i don't really consider them ' drugs ' . there are far more serious toxins people not only regularly ingest , but give to their children daily , for me to fret about ... tom hodgkinson's ' how to be idle ' is a must-read . people place too much importance on wage slavery . a life revolving around making profit for someone else is a dull life indeed ; i try to avoid ... english , french , german . i've had germans mistake me for a local , and i imagine i approach linguistics in the same way i approach music , i . e . tonal ( as well as verbal ) . i started learning mandarin , ... hahaha you're so like my sister . me , a couple of tokes and i have to lie down . i reserve it for dealing with monthly cramps , just before bedtime . otherwise , i'm neither use nor ornament , as my mother ... i can't afford to do drugs . but in the past , i was drawn to coke , alcohol , and other addictive activities , such as disordered eating and obsessive exercise . i don't know if being multi-addictive is ... perhaps you should check out vigilant citizen and stop worshipping false idols . any fluoride-based toxin is a no-no for me . entj - commandant you scored 100 i versus e , 20 n versus s , 100 f versus t , and 60 j versus p ! your ideal mate is ... : happy : haha mine , too . i think my brain is too full , and so i skimp on most stuff , remembering only what i deem to be essential . it's a pity that doesn't include where my keys / paperwork are , or my diary . if ... i don't want to feel you die , but if that's the way that god has planned you , i'll put pennies on your eyes , and it will go away . see ? although i fear failure , i'm used to it , so should stop fearing it and embrace it . a more irrational phobia i've developed over the years is of paper . i hate it ! paper can never be good ! it creates ... musician . not very profitable at the moment , but i'm unemployable in any other field . oh goodness , yes , i used to have unrealistic fantasies about love , but the stark reality of terminal spinsterhood eventually laid those thoughts to rest . i often wonder how much of my style is attributed to my physique , and not free personal preference . '