' nope , never speak of politics . btw democratic socialist is the sanitized term for communist . i'm a peacemaker , but my emotions are rather unpredictable . i think in an artistical way , but express my energy in a efficient way . in love , i seek devotion . i take on ... i've listened to the audiobook version of in trump we trust ( ann coulter ) a couple times , but i want to actually buy the book & share it with others too ... conduct a meeting before work to announce the identity of the thief & let em work it out themselves . i want to see barack obama & the clinton crime family wearing these orange shirts . infjs can't stray too far from home without a support vehicle that caters to soothing ouchy feels . ... that appears an image of a woman having a couple drinks & enjoying herself during a night on the town . defensive much , doncha think i could've been more creative were my intent to neg on my ... maui hawaii , also  glacial bay alaska tour   remember , communist rule was made ... trump is determined to protect the rights of all americans , including #lgbtq community #americafirst ... is how it should behttps :/ / abs.twimg.com/emoji/v2/72x72/1f44d-1f3fb.pngprotesting is your right ! but , your rights end , when youviolate ... said an isfp never  it happens all the time , when you catch em peeking it's fun to think of something sexy & give em a semi bulge to enjoy . here is a hilarious video of chics getting caught peeking ... * * * rut roh , president trumps withdrawal of the us from tpp just put asia on notice that we've been getting screwed without any lube for far too long already . ... no thanks , i've already discussed it to death elsewhere . i'll just suggest that you ponder which type is so driven , deeply intuitive , organized ( real world useful insight ) & in charge behind the ... i'm thinking that with a patriotic entj real american leader , these next 100 days should be a huge improvement over the previous 16 years . president donald trump tells us what to expect during the ... i read adios america several months ago but i'm listening to the audio book version in the background while working on stuff . ... not trolling oh no , you have kids ! you're more attractive on skype . are your boobs all natural ? should i reserve a room ? i don't have all night . i brought extra condoms jic best sound is the throaty roar or torque sung by an aluminum chrysler big block v8 hemi veal cutlet parmigiana , seasoned with basil & salty progressive tears i've no idea whether the issue is type related , but i'd suggest that conducting a poll would likely offer you real data from a much larger group of estjs i sometimes enjoy smaller group ... i'm not exaggerating , i could prove it's defective butt that'd get me in trouble round here . okay i get your rationality infj , butt why can't we have both boobs & butts ? estj's butt is cracked & has a hole in it . this one's for you blackfandango , you infjs just gotta love donald trump . infps rock , they make the world a better place most days . a woman on a youtube video looks quite similar to a member of persc , an infj member sporting nice cleavage lol . does the reddish haired ... that's not a tiara , it's a kilt . unknown types are often either attention whores or skeptics & their mother often wear combat boots . lol that topcat may have been king for a day , akin to simba's uncle scar but it's time the estjs take their kingdom back from a poser . you're kinda akin to trump crushing the wannabe competition , ... lol topcat is behaving kinda jealous of king pinina , but here's a funny regarding he who coverts power or the queen . there's no hurry to awaken the army of the dead & slay all enemies , so maybe you'd set your sights upon a mere revolution to bring awareness of just how ridiculous the stereotypical unhealthy ... i'd say sure you can self nominate for vp & i'd suggest inviting maust for daily tea & pastries , she's almost like family round these estj threads . yes apparently i do , by more than 15 years . i'd vote for pinina to become king of the estjs hey don't sweat it , we're not all puny dicked little man complex as you appear to be . i'm not suggesting that you go back to being an isfp , nope i'z just having fun messing with a neurotic troll . ... infps are often classy people . perhaps but sometimes people change their type from isfp to estj so they may invade a type exclusive thread . example : retsu's estj exclusive clubhouse ( no longer exclusive ) thread . initially the ... no and no , we deprive ourselves a life of joy in order to avoid being deeply hurt a few times . the nf types get deeply hurt , the sf types won't chance getting hurt , but the sj types know better ... there's far too much to criticize regarding entps , but they're the type most likely to stalk infxs . full of pu pu too . sounds more like an entj lol . do you suffer a short memory span esfp ? my comment was mildly critical of entps because they'd do anything for a rush , including hanging out of a littlebird , with an ar - 10 or mp5 shooting invasive ... '