to go out to lunch nice and sunny  pretty good . my birthday is coming up soon . some pepsi i'm usually myself in my dreams , usually getting from one place to another . the lowder with crowder podcast shut up and dance with me i thought this was a place where i can rant about my hatred of chicken wings , but sadly no . the ben shapiro show backlog white castle and barbecue chips special k with red berries . reese's puffs the distant sound of garbage trucks . kilroy katesith âx80x94 tastefullyoffensive : ( via shahakshapira ) i can't stop using my dad's fidget cube . i need to get my own one . i'm happy with my first name . i would probably change my surname when i get married though just so people don't have to strain themselves . making the daily effort to wake up . i've lived near disneyland my whole life , some of my best times were spent on fridays hanging out there . sunny . hopefully it cools down . i had to spend my brother's graduation the other day in 90 degrees facing the sun . to have it not be to early to drink soda . absolutely . for my stomach acid to calm down . a bear . kilroy katesith âx80x94 semiunwanted : âx80x9cif you have a bit of stress then ... kilroy katesith âx80x94 semiunwanted : âx80x9cif you have a bit of stress then ...  a pic of me with my mom at my brother's ... i need to focus on my work , but i was being distracted . i've finally decided to remove the distraction . to not have to use the bathroom i've been losing focus lately . sunny , which is nice since it's been overcast for a few days now . watching price is right only know has it dawned on me that the climax of dark knight rises would be very different if the gotham pd was competent and didn't send its entire force on a single raid . no real cop would do that . for more people to ship tanya the evil with schrodinger from hellsing . i am rather disappointed with the internet . i can't be the only one who's thought of shipping tanya the evil with schrodinger from hellsing .  the lawnmower ran out of power part way through mowing . 660793 to not have to shower