' sometimes i ask myself things like this when i get sudden feelings that don't make sense to me . if i'm patient with myself and choose not to suppress my feelings at all , even negative ones , honest ... sorry i derailed a bit , but my point is i put a lot of thought into flirting , although i usually take the direct route and continue observing for what to do next . personally , though i will have to read through the other comments to see if it's the same for everyone , i directly ask people at , easily accept rejection of such ideas , and openly compliment other ... to address your p'ness : mbti says we're j's or judgers . but the truth is perceiving dominates my life ( i'm assuming it's this way for other infj's ) . the only way judging factors in is that i reserve ... i'm usually daydreaming while i do my chores and the rest of my body is on autopilot . i'm not sure if i'm alone here ( but i believe i'm not ) . i mean have you ever day dreamed you were on flying in ... i detach and attach to other people in a very abrupt manner . i should learn to stop doing that though . it would be better for everyone if i just took things a bit ( or a lot ) slower . i come down with this a lot . i haven't found a cure for it . are there any things you've noticed ? i tend to spend more and get out of the house more . i also tend to meet more people do you ... i guess i like the being yourself bit a lot more . a lot of people hate it when i be myself . there are a lot of annoying qualities to me . i guess i dislike the fact that it turns others off or that it ... inner strength most things . perhaps there's an addiction to finding things to get addicted to - then i will plead guilty . i do sometimes have those thoughts ; but they aren't often . i mostly imagine things and i don't really mind if they would or wouldn't come true because i think of them as just thoughts . some of the ... i'll say my mom . not that i'm a momma's boy or anything . that's my baby brother . he got most of his influence from dad though imo the article touches some points about both mbti models ; but it needs more depth . what i mean is it only explores some parts of the personalities being described ; not all . that's my take on it . i'll say no for now ... i'm not that ready yet . nope ... and i doubt they ever will ... the people at work don't understand me either . in fact , i don't think that my best friend understands parts of me that i'd like him to . sigh ... my extended ... fall in love with someone who can make time stop - figuratively , romantically , and heck perhaps literally . that timeless feeling ... infp - and i was so happy when i thought that i was . then i found out i was infj , but i guess i'm still happy . i guess knowing myself is better than upholding a title or being someone i am not . true . i'm hanging out with a group of extroverts , and no matter what they do , they seem to find something odd or peculiar about one another ( i'm no exception of course , so i guess i mean i've become ... i'm into drama and other such novels . * blushing ; followed by awkward prolonged awkward silence and the sound of crickets * that and i might sometimes read a few primers in my spare time . sometimes , when you hang out with people who are different from you , you tend to find these differences to be too striking . perhaps it's the people you're with . i feel the same way among certain ... i hope you pass those exams . i too want to leave the same legacy in this world . not children ... just make the world a better place and pass on from it afterwards . thank you for being a good ... hang-out or favor requests made by friends or others during times when i'm about to sleep ... i find lack of sleep to be very uncomfortable for me . it seems to affect me more than most people . if i ... i agree about the persistence part . even if you've got the right brain structure for it , you're not going to get very far if you don't maintain an open mind and the diligence that's required . growing up , i used to think i wasn't attractive enough or blah blah blah whatever things i see in my face . it kind of made me sad . one time , in high school , i asked my mom if i looked ugly ; as ... awkward : sometimes i don't pay enough attention . i'm sometimes ... no often ... oblivious to my surroundings and my mind's attention is directed to whatever thought occurs to me , which led me to ... one day the vine wilted i forgot to water it the day before and the day before and the day before and then ... it was no more i cannot revive the dead vine that lays limp and frail because i ... i believe in you too not that you that you show nor the you that they see but the you that you are to me funny meeting someone online without a fancy picture just a mind , a soul , and a heart ... i self council ; but i don't think i can call it objective . i guess it's an objective , subjective mix . the internal council meeting i have with myself and the other aspects of my persona give me ... i enjoyed your story lad . i remember this one time , a family pet ( a dog with black hair ) used to be nice to me ... however i noticed the other dogs ( its relatives ) would somehow either ignore or ... chose the other option . i think i avoid social interaction after considering both situation and preference . though this might seem like something an extrovert would say ; i would more often choose ... sitting on the edge of a boat that sails down the winding river i cradle an empty stomach while overlooking the path to the future clutching it tightly in my arms with unwavering ... i would probably say something like interesting . and contemplate on it until my thoughts wander . when i get lonely , i tend to think about other things - an instant remedy to that lonely feeling . i ... in all honesty ... whomever i am around i feel like they think i'm weird ; and thus i feel like myself . i can however alter my external presentation to suit the situation if i feel like it ( i know it ... sometimes the mind has reasons in the unconscious . by that i mean that you have reasons for doing something but you don't always think of the reasons for you to do it . sometimes by way of habit it ... if you want them now , you might have to put more and more effort each time you try to look for your specific friend . i guess i used to want specific people in my life just so i would have another ... true ... sometimes sketchier men tend to get the girls before the other ones do . grades shmades . those are superficial ways of appraising a person . teachers only use them because of their convenience in measuring how well a student is performing . i mean , you're not the only ... i apologize for editing certain words so that they're in bold ; but i want to present another option to the one you've pointed out ( as indicated by the words in bold ) . if you want an opportunity to do ... well , i read about keirsey's temperaments on the 16 personality roles ( they correspond to the mbti types in some way ); and the one for estp falls under artisans . i read they tend to have difficulty ... um ... i'm a bit extreme ... so if i were you , i might do something sudden ... like ... delete my character , avatar , city , file ( or whatever you make in the game to play ) . after doing so , i would delete ... it sounds appropriate for the occasion . then again ; i am not fully certain of your goals . i have a feeling you might like to reconnect with them because they are dear friends of yours . an infp friend ... i've been around for a while on perc ; and i can say we usually have this sort of topic . we have a few threads about finding one's path and career and how it's a struggle for most . it's interesting to ... in my case , i wouldn't say just guys ... i sometimes have difficulty talking to ladies too ... it's more of a depends-on-whom-i'm-talking-to sort of thing . 1 . i don't think i can say i have good control over my thoughts ... i don't necessitate that sort of thinking or feeling ... it's just that whenever i start to feel like i want to do it ( even if it's ... indeed . my hands aren't very infj either . both of them are a bit too extroverted sensing for me lol this may have some truth to it ... all the functions aren't perfect , and maybe this is one of the setbacks of fi ... but we all know how fe can screw us ( and other people ) up as well , i believe ... i've experienced this feeling before . i wouldn't call it love at first sight though . that may be because i attribute something deeper to love than anything a thought or initial expression will ever ... i am guilty of living in the past ... but i admit it makes me really sad to think about what could have been . when i eventually get bored of that , i want to contemplate about anything at all . it ... i am learning to lie ; but only because it has a right time and a right place . that is not always ... i believe having to always lie is going overboard . screwing people up secretly and laughing at ... ah ... i get like that once in a while . then i sense others don't want to talk about the things that i want to discuss at times ... it's sometime after that i get really quiet and fade from their ... '