' i believe i said at least 20 because it's like once in a blue moon a 19 year old or younger marries for keeps in america . don't go assuming my age =) . as for the whole practicing thing , i only go ... so , here's a question . how man of you all have lived a good bit , like at least until 20 , and haven't found anyone you'd be interested in ? i've been attracted to several people , but after getting to ... depends on the serious matter . i can show empathy and there are ( very rare ) times when people see me serious , but there are so so many things people think are a big deal that just aren't . so i ... i haven't taken a poll of how many entps i know , but it seems like we mostly talk a lot of nonsense ( be it very clever and entertaining nonsense ) aside from arguing . for me , i think it's the way i ... i'd say urahara is an entp or enfp . do you agree ? do you guys think that the main characters in animes are generally rarer personality types ? haha , i'd like to meet one . even though i'm entp , i think a lot of other entps can get on my nerves because they do come off rough , and i don't know if i can trust them . i don't know if ... * sigh * i know you can't make someone fall in love with you . do intjs brood a lot ? i think one of my friends may be an intj ( no romantic interest ) . she's hilarious , intelligent and incredibly ... when you can tell when any of you're friends is into someone , but completely miss when someone's paying attention to you ( i mean , everyone pays us attention , right ? ) . is this really just entps ? ... yeah . make sure to pick the right thing and then stick with it , and have values that will guide you through tough situations ( especially because emotions won't ) . it's crazy how one of the greatest ... i don't think that you can find the perfect business partner on type alone . although it may help , i'd look for someone who is already doing what you want . sales and presentations is definitely a ... question answered . thanks guys . : it wasn't really just an article , just something i had read in someone's topic . emotions are definitely useful tools . they help us live everyday life , and intuition , especially for entps , is essential . it's when a person is ruled by emotion , when they waver back and forth on ... definitely donx 92t base your opinion of us on such a small sample size . ix92m one of those wild entps and yet ix92m honest and generally considerate of other peoplex 92s feelings . for instance , what emerson ... entps have an amazing personality--one of my favorites and the only one i'd ever choose for myself . however , there's one thing many of us entps keep saying that's not even supposed to happen to our ... that's why it's so important for us to find what we're going to do , make reallysure it's good for us , and then make a decision to go for it . just set a goal and reach for it , do what you have to . ... i've heard it said that the cognitive functions aren't a skill-set you can improve . you just have them . however , i don't believe it's true . we're human , we're mutable , and the things the brain can ... btmangan : lolz . a degree of naivité isn't such a bad thing ; probably even suggest innocence . yep , probably . ha ha , yeah , i can see that about isfps . as in those are the four best relationship types for an entp ? all of those type ( except intj , which i think tends to have it anyway ) have some type of sensitivity mentioned in their description . ... actually , it's mostly for irrelevant double-posting . ha ha , one of my friends thinks i'm enfp . from the posts above , i take that to mean i am indeed the perfect man for all you intjs . ;) . brel , i think respect is critical for any relationship , ... thanks guys . actually , yeah ... ;) by the way , i know you can't make someone love you . i just mean what generally makes you guys tick in that respect . so basically , ... ever find yourself the only one in the group who picks up on the undertones your sending out ? and they're totally funny if they'd just pick them up ? so , entps and intjs are supposed to mix . so yes , awesome information . but for all the people who might find an attraction to one of you , what does the trick ? what makes your love-meter tick ? i think intj with developed f may be more my type ( still love infjs though ) . then again , i'm not sure typing your type so specifically isn't ungrounded . definitely has to be a woman , though . ... oh hai science ! and that ' my point , it may not be the norm , but it happens , and more frequently than you'd like to admit ( an apparent inconsistency in evolutionary , theory , i might add ) . i could ... gosh , goodewitch , you expect infjs to be like , jump over the mountain for me and then they're like chocolate . okay . : confused : i don't know if this is totally universal to entps , but i ... i think maturity really depends on the individual entp . maybe in general . i also had an ongoing question about the ethicality of using the information that i readily saw . ha ha , what ... that's a common attraction thing , and it's really dumb . ( or at least , i think it is . ) fortune favors the brave : just man up and talk to them . when i don't feel confident , i just tell myself , i am ... so what counts as a subtle hint ? that too , cue 5c . sometimes i think i come across wrong as well . it's just a matter of adapting to the environment and doing well . apparently the first friend you mentioned knows how to do this . as long as you're ... i think a lot of how well entps ( and other types , but especially entps ) get along with others and especially each other really has to do with maturity , which isn't necessarily tied to age . robert downey jr . is off the chain ! i like him , though . mutatio nomenis : i'm pretty sure that would not be an ideal relationship dynamic for me . yeah , it's kind of cute . i suddenly feel a deeper affection for you . don the man quixote ... i'll do it . my mother works in a hospital , and she knows several cougars . apparently ( due to her experience with online dating sites ) , there are also younger guys who go for older woman . yeah , ... i was just wondering why you said it stops me feeling superior around non-nt friends . do you mean in groups ? i'm a little confused . who are we talking about here ? but yes , intjs are a bomb . especially when you have developed feeling , too . nah , not so much . keep it coming . i love infjs , probably inxxs too , tons . i've got no problems with asking . in actuality , we do hold our tongue ! xee : i can relate to a lot of that . it really depends on the environment . i've gotten really good at navigating while thinking , like during those walks where you almost forget how long it's been . ... ha ha , maybe i should approach the question in a different way . i'm probably not being very clear . also , though , i don't think it's terribly uncommon for friends to start going out . there are ... if you look on the entp boards , a fair amount of us are partial to infjs . also , entps with developed f-functions are even more appealing ;) . infinitia : =D thank you , thank you . we are every woman's dream . thanks . however , i'm not really the type to start going out with someone just after i meet them - - i have to know the person for some time and also mature - - honest , keeps to their commitments , etc ... so , rather elementary question : how do you know when an infj is attracted to you ? i can read people pretty well , but you guys are some of the toughest to get a read on ( just another reason i like ... yeah , keeping my living space organized took quite a while to learn . following a schedule ... i'm still improving in that area . i realize you clarified this already , but i agree with it to an extent . who you are and what happens , the greater picture of a person's life , is largely composed of the little decisions , even the ... okay , not gonna lie .. i can see that happening . that was a great pun , too ;) . somehow , even though the video is totally inane , i'm still laughing at it as i write this . dang it i am like i'm from the movies ! yep . definitely attractive qualities to me . well , may except for squidgeyness . what is that ? '