' optimistic , patient , doubtful , creative , idealistic . others have described me as calming , low-maintenance , bubbly / happy ( i'm never angry , unless you wake me up : tongue :) , indecisive , and unique ... i am so incredibly forgetful . i lose things and forget to do things all the time , but for some reason i only remember the things that seemingly don't matter in the grand scheme of things , like a ... ahhh i'm really big on movies . my favorites that come to mind are eternal sunshine o . t . spotless mind ( as you can see , to your left and below : tongue :) , american beauty , good will hunting , donnie ... welcome to perc , fellow fi-dom ! :) you are a generous creator . confidence 56 openness 64 it sounds like you expect an inevitable break-up , and to be honest this sounds similar to what happened between my intp boyfriend and i before we broke up . i think it's worth a shot to keep trying , ... when you're talking to your best friend about life and death and the things that matter and you both forget where you are because you're so involved in this conversation and it could go on forever ... i was about to post a lot of things people already said : tongue : but instead i'll just say , you may find this interesting : ... i'm infp and i reeeally want to delete mine and have wanted to for years , but i feel like it's necessary for talking to international friends , staying updated on events happening at college or with ... all teas all the time ! :) actually not a huge fan of green , although i like its benefits . in my opinion , chamomile > rooibos > fruity / herbal > chai > black > green ... i think some of it has to do with age too , though . i think as i aged i learned to look for ' messages ' in art and books , etc . than i was able to when i was five years younger ( 14 ) . sometimes it's hard ... green ! :p roud : * first infp post : tongue : * i really like istps ! i like being around them a lot . i like their sense of adventure . and they seem to appreciate music which adds about a thousand brownie points ! and ... as a general infp rule , not well . although i can't say i've really been in that kind of a situation . besides like after the relationship was over and i was still in love with him . i lost mine when i was almost 16 ... young , i know . i was the first one to lose it compared to my close friends . they all started when they were like 17 or so . :P but what can i say , we were silly ... do you remember your first kiss ? yeah , but i didn't really like the guy and dumped him like a week later lmao . i like to think of my first kiss with the first boyfriend i actually liked . was it a ... craving phooo , man ! : crazy : going along with that , i've really been craving some good , spicy pho . it's getting pretty serious . : crazy : on a more serious note , i think i crave intimacy like a lot of you , whether it be with a ... i do pretty much every single one of these : tongue : 1 ) how sensitive are you to pain ? are you quick to notice when you get hurt ? i am queasy with blood , etc . but if i am hurt i usually just suck it up and move on . i don't make a big deal of things . ... : laughing : these are my favorite shoes of all time : kitteh : i've owned two pairs at once before ! 78332 you're definitely a thinker rather than a feeler . a feeler would probably be a lot more scatterbrained and feel ... overwhelmed about this , and you seem far too logical to be a feeler . i don't see ... looks like someone had a fun night ! ! : wink : hahahaha yes ! pretty much sums everything up . there are 63 other infp vegetarians ? ! :D my entire life i've basically only eaten chicken ( besides like pepperoni ) so i grew up only eating white meat . i never liked the taste of meat ( even ... couldn't do it for the life of me ! my hearing isn't the best either , but from what sounds like a jumbled mess of words , if i get a couple seconds i can straighten them out in my head pretty well . wonderful analogy , mm ! i'd say i am a high definition tv that has lots of trouble receiving signal . in other words , i don't experience a lot of emotion , or i'm not really good at connecting with ... ahhh i need somewhere to let out how much i am freaking in love with kishi bashi's music ... fbndsfkueagbwfkhawfk i watched live performances of him and i watched his interviews and now i think ... i was exactly like you when i was your age and i needed to figure out my perfect college major and career choice and stick with it my whole life ! ! even though i had never done anything ... i like making cards / gifts a lot . they feel more personalized and they force me to get motivated to create things ! usually they are received well . i talked to my dad recently about lots of music i ... oooo i'll be lurking this thread ! i'm considering it too . : happy : most all of my friends are intuitives :P right now my closest friends are enfj , infj ( she is almost an e though ) , entp , isfj , enfpx 2 , and estp . i have a lot of extroverted friends . the enfj ... welll ... when i'm making a decision i'm pretty realistic . i'm always aware of the realistic possibilities and the unrealistic possibilities and as much as i hate having to , i usually lean more ... i laughed so much ... ! ! ! they conflict a lot . i find it impossible for my inner world to exist in reality . people are too selfish , disrespectful , and power-hungry for them to be a part of my inner world . i think the ... well besides food and gas , i last bought film for my polaroid camera :) hey friends , sorry i'm not on perc very much these days :( i've been dragged out of my room to be social with friends a lot and recently i haven't had much time to sit down and browse threads ! my ... my closest friends in the past 5 years have been enfj , entp , infj , enfp , and isfj , and i actually quite like having extroverted friends cuz they always want to be social and it forces me to come out ... rock climbing just cuz of all the creepy fish that would probably be in the cave o . o hello , friends : kitteh : all i do these days is listen to sad music and learn more and more about how shitty the world is , and then i go out and see my friends and pretend that i ’ m as happy as can be . can i just get a job ... yes it is true . i am terrified out of my mind for adulthood ... 1 . the person who you are walking with is the most important person in your life . your answer : boyfriend ( who doesn't exist ... ) 2 . the size of the animal is representative of your perception of ... i confess , i am going to declare as a linguistics major ! ahhh it feels good to settle on something and be done with indecision . :p roud : i am a 946 . :) mine is in my signature , but anyways : etc . welcome from your introverted counterpart ! ! : kitteh : autumn for all the reasons everyone's already said ! i don't know why , but something always comes over me when i see all the trees turn different colors ... can't help but stop and admire them :) ... i love movies , and eternal sunshine is one of my favorites . i wanted to use a quote from the movie in my signature and figured it would be a good idea to have my avatar be from it too ! and plus the ... '