' someone called me trying to sell me sirius xm . i told the salesperson i was into microtonal music . i majored in math , and i find doing math problems very therapeutic . the only problem i have with math is that it is often taught in a te way . wow ! thanks for the complement . truth exists but our subjective minds can only make incomplete representations of it . we may not be able to think true thoughts , but we can thing useful thoughts . i have so many dreams where i am flying , but it is really more like levitation than flying . my thoughts on travel ? a lot of travel will add a few seconds to my life compared to a stationary observer . donald trump is an istj . think he would make a good scientist ? stephen hawking , you're fired ! i don't want to discourage any istjs from science , though . istjs add a lot to any team with their ... i know you don't come as easy as some , but i will watch and pray . kristene mueller sally's into knowledge , spent her years in college , just to find out nothing is true she can hardly speak ... i get along worst with istjs--that is why god keeps bringing them in my life . i'm married to one and work with two in a three person office . i get along best with * n * ps . when lovers have left me for others , i've more of a sense of betrayal rather than jealousy . intps are naturally more skeptical than other types . i was sharing from experience . i'm sure we all have different levels of skepticism and different levels when we think others are being ... yes . i experience the same . i operate as if i'm certain , but i'm always conscious of other possibilities . there are an infinite number of unlikely possibilities that could prevent a ball falling ... or is the absence of doubt only available to those lacking in imagination ? i have four tabs open . i would keep many more open but my browser doesn't handle scripts going crazy well . i'm hurt if my reputation is damaged . i believe in the resurrection of jesus , so i'm resurrecting this thread . intp , christian . even religious intp's aren't going to find anyone who has the same religion . we kind of form our own religious views that come into conflict with whatever group of believers we hang out with . someone has to reinvent the wheel , otherwise we'd still be driving flinstone cars . 1w9 4w5 6w5 it is kind of how i perceive myself . sorry about hijacking this thread with a bunch of mystic talk . please tell me if you care ! yes . i believe both the bad and good done to us will be turned to good in the end . love embraces both the bad and good in people . being somewhat a mystic , i briefly experienced almost a complete ... yes . i do love those close to me more , but it extends to everyone . we fear all kinds of things from others . we fear they will manipulate us , exploit us , physically hurt us , demand to much of us , ... i think we fear each other intensely , and we love each other intensely . the brain processes this fear and love together and produces apathy . i had an experience where much of my fear of others ... water . i care a lot about myself , and i am learning to care about other people . each of us has strengths that can help another . smart people have the best reasons for doing the wrong things . i thanked someone today . no borg implants ? i killed a spider accidentally once . it troubled me . my wife doesn't like spiders and asks me to kill them for her . i take them outside . when i was young , i tended to analyze myself so i could give an honest answer to how is it going ? now , i shock people by choosing the most honest words rather than the most careful words . i do ... i thought these up , though it is likely others have said similar somewhere . there are three kinds of people in this world : those that can count , and those that can't . smart people have the best ... either + 1 intj + 1 intp emotions are felt through fi , but expressed through fe . intps express emotions better than intjs.either + 1 intj . intps are slackers . + 1 intjs . intps are less savvy than intjs at ... intps may appear mature at a young age because intps are usually well behaved , preferring books to mischief . beyond that , i think intps have good potential to develop maturity . ti / ne is a pretty ... i think scientific empiricism ( hypothesis , experimental design , peer review , etc . ) seems a bit stifling for many intps . it has a very strict epistemology . scientific empiricism is a tool for ... intps can be very inventive at cooking . i love experimenting . i watch a lot of cooking videos on youtube . then i improvise . one video taught me to make kenkey , a west african dumpling made from ... it seems like work or homework requires te and si . let the istjs do it . why can't i just get a job pontificating with my ti and ne ? it seems like the ancient greeks ( socrates ) just sat around and ... religious person , here too . empiricism is useful for a lot of things . it helps us build microwave ovens and take trips to the moon . it doesn't explain god . he reveals what he wants and hides what ... there may be no free will , but it is much more productive to convince yourself otherwise . you think driving would benefit more from se or si ? or would either work ? perhaps developing si would help ? i've heard a theory that it is the 7th function of any personality type that is the ... i'm not certain that there really is such a thing as an intp . the model doesn't fit some people . still , i think most here tend to think complex thoughts and use extroverted intuition to connect to ... i'm listening to silver bells . my wife turned christmas music on . as an intp , i feel like there is a real otherness about intjs . both types are intelligent , but in a completely opposite way . in my 20 ' s going to grad school , i found it really difficult to ... thanks for the video , intonyp ! as an intp , my best friend is an esfj . i'm developing my fe and he's been a real help . though intp's and esfj's seem like complete opposites , we aren't . the first ... besides eating right , i think a consistent exercise program can do incredible things for us , perhaps more than any other type . for about five years , i lifted weights four times a week ( alternating ... i enjoy cooking and eating very much . i love to watch youtube videos of people making different types of food from all over the world and recreating them myself . i have really learned to love west ... te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 25 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 90 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... i would definitely want my extroverted sensing to be a bit stronger . i would be a better driver and better at sports . thinkers can study body language to become more aware of other's emotional state rather than feeling the mood in the room . most of the time it is best to use what little you have honestly , the best ... in the beginning there was nothing . then the lord said , ' let there be light ! ' there still was nothing , but you could see it . i've often fantasized what the world would be like if i were an average person . i think such a society would be very technologically advanced . there would be a great variety of music and art--maybe ... i reject authority because i don't understand what others see in it . right now i'm leading a team of people and i'm really uncomfortable with it . '