' so interesting . i , like bazinga said , don't really pay much attention to the rules . if i deem that a rule is necessary , i will follow it . if i deem a rule unnecessary , i won't . i usually don't break rules just to ... i live in a small town of about 11,000 , and i hate it . everybody knows who everybody else is , and you can't go out without seeing someone you know . and there is nothing to do here . well if cognitive therapy is correct , then the positive outcome of using it would be the reinforcement . but i'm also severely addicted to caffeine , and i don't think that would help me at all , since ... some people think they need somebody to tell them what to do . this system we live under is never going to go away til people start thinking for themselves and stop accepting everything as correct ... well yes , but i don't think there is evidence for or against an afterlife . the entire notion of it is completely speculative , and i was saying that i believe the idea of an afterlife was created ... that's the thing . i used to be a christian . i was brought up going to christian private school and going to church every sunday . and even then i had so many questions that couldn't be answered and ... i honestly don't think anything happens after we die . our body ceases to function , and therefore our brain also . i see religion as something that was made up by people long ago to explain what they ... your score was 80 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the high machs , people who do not belive in the goodness of the world and that because that it must be manipulated , people who ... first off , if he is talking to you about his emotions and telling you how much he really cares for you and tries to explain it , he is probably in love . i have only been one time and it's really hard ... welcome ! and no , it is not indicative of an unhealthy personality . don't be worried about being very highly introverted . in most countries , society says you need to be an extrovert , but there is ... any metal that teenage girls listen to for the sole reason that the singer is omg so hawt . they are listening to it for the same reason other people listen to justin beiber , only they are trying to ... yea , i heard their new album might be coming out any time between 2068 and 3274 . so stoked . i like historic movies . my favorite one is defiance . it's about a group of jews in wwii who built a village in the forest and joined up with the russians to fight back against the germans . i have an absence of obsession right now , and it is really weird . my last one was economics , and before that it was music theory . for the last week or so i've just been focusing on guitar , but that's ... i use a site called songsterr because it does have the rhythm and you can listen to it while it shows which note is being played . it's still hard for me to sight read from sheet music though , because ... tabs or sheet music ? i think tabs are way harder to sight read than normal sheet music . but i almost always use tabs since nobody makes sheet music for death metal . i'm pretty sure that's normal for intps . i definitely have that . yea , i'm 17 . i think there are a lot of teenagers on here actually . i couldn't resist clicking on this because of the deep , thought invigorating title . no lol , welcome . saikick you have 666 thanks right now . i envy you . i'm not going to like your post because i don't want to ruin that . there is an esfp who sits with me at lunch and asks me that every single day . i usually don't even smile , i just do the smirk . i don't understand how to find the derivatives on inverse functions . we've been taught the lesson three times , and i just can't seem to understand it . i can usually figure out a calculus concept on ... kwaran that shining song is pretty cool ; i've never heard anything like that before , but i don't really like the dillinger escape plan . their music sounds like it's falling apart at the seams and ... nope , sorry . i listened to the whole thing though . i'm not very interested by synths and all that . i'm going to post my top 6 favorite songs ( because 5 isn't enough ) . 6 . animals as leaders - wave of babies tosin abasi = god . mixing jazz and metal ? ... ryan knight <3 33 no i'd probably just cut off his fingers and keep them in my refrigerator . nobody is going to smoke tobacco out of an aluminum pipe lol . that's what i used to use to smoke spice . i don't really know anything about crack though . adderall makes me a complete extrovert and i love it . i'm getting to the point where i might go fake having add so i can get a perscription . everybody i know says i'm a way better person when i'm on ... i bite all over the inside of my mouth . i have a line on the inside of my mouth that would look like a chelsea grin if it were on the outside and i just keep biting it and making it worse lol . i used to think payphones didn't work unless you paid the money . i called 911 from like 5 payphones at a bowling alley and a shit ton of cops showed up thinking we were being held hostage or ... they don't even know that the other girl is my ex unless i tell them . i act towards them the same way i would to anybody else . i don't ever get back with my exes ; i did that once and it led to ... don't instantly rule out anything your child says just because they are younger than you . don't use the because i said so . reason . it gives us more incentive to disobey since you are giving us ... i try to be friends with all of my exes . the best way to keep it from getting awkward is to not talk about it . not necessarily times that you had while dating , but feelings and emotions . i was ... i've never had a dog . i've had cats my whole life , but from visiting houses with dogs , i'm pretty sure i'd rather just stick with cats . i don't mind dogs like retrievers and german shepherds , but i ... so good . i don't really remember much from that age , but from what my parents have told me they taught me to read . i never went to preschool or wherever you're supposed to learn to read . i started ... lmao theory of relativity i would go back to maybe 600 ad and try to teach them calculus and modern physics . think of the world we would live in now if we had discovered that stuff that much earlier . i'm a senior this year and i have a 4.12 gpa . my intuition is very high so i just kind of understand everything i'm taught , whether i can explain it or not . and i destroy standardized tests . i got ... yea , my ni is higher than anything else , but i still fit the description of an intp better than anything else . i often think i should look something like this but seriously , i almost never feel connected to my physical body . it is ... i usually have to go steal a few of my mother's sleeping pills to get to sleep , but if i am exhausted , i will lay in bed and listen to my ipod for about an hour , then meditate . there is a point in my ... yes , i've always been like that . people with strong f tendencies don't want you to help them , they just want you to sympathize with them . similar situation , a girl i eat lunch with was telling me of ... this song makes me cry when i listen to it . whether logically or not , i've connected it with a really depressing point in my life , and it brings back a lot of bad emotions and memories . i haven't ... most of us are aware that because of our weak feeling function , we are prone to emotional outbursts . i've had a few pretty bad ones , and obviously , it sucks , especially because i don't know how to ... question for all you entj women : do you find it more attractive when the man submits to your dominance or resists it ? i'm doing my court ordered community service at a thrift store and we get at least 2 vibrators in our donation box every day . it's crazy . '