' stefan salvatore - probably infj - the ripper nickname has probably to do with inferior se . he obviously possesses fe as an auxiliary function . if he were an isfj he would be more willing to ... quentyn i also have a problem with the evil subsection , i must say . i do also think the site is sanctimonious for that reason . it does disturb me . if they want to play that game they could put the ... murderous villain test infj - the grand ayatollah of iran ! introverted - dreamer - almost cool-headed - focused - brooding ( i matched pretty much perfectly ) personality match like ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? infj 2 ) what is your gender ? female 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) mature intjs are the creme dela creme to me . their intellects , values ... this is really beautiful . thanks for posting . :-) that ideal world you describe ... i so often think about that , whether it's possible , whether human nature would permit it , the type of political ... annalise keating - entj - i think she's an entj because she just doesn't seem like an introvert to me . she's not the quiet , contemplative type . she seems more no-nonsense and searing and the way she ... hmm , yes . i really have to learn not to care so much and usually i don't , but he's my step-dad , so i want him to be proud of me for being really quite good at what i've chosen . maybe this attitude ... my entj step-dad is such an ass . all he cares about is money . nothing i say or do counts as in any way valid , because it's not related to how much my fucking income will be . then he belittles me from ... i tried searching this topic , but turned up nothing . sorry if i missed it and it already exists somewhere . i've been wondering about whether this is an infj thing . i tend to experience a certain ... oh , my god . you stupid bitch . sadism and psychopathy are two completely different things . also , risking your life for your family doesn't make you not-cruel in other circumstances , so i don't know ... that's kind of how it was . i already said i thought it was possible that i said / did something to offend them without knowing what it was . maybe it was just existing . : sad : i'm not a ... so i'm on trial ? is it not good enough that i say an enfp who said he tested as enfp and was clearly an enfp tortured me ? wtf ? i wonder about this . this is what i've been trying to get at ... korvyna thanks so much ! wtf ? lol you understood nothing i just said . i've never had a relationship with an enfp . i also never said i thought it was normal and healthy to want to kill someone . lol what you say is interesting . i have to clarify , though , just because . i didn't provoke the enfp . he hated me for who i am . so , i didn't provoke him in the sense of held a knife to his throat and he ... i agree . psychology is totally relative and lacks scientific merit , but that definition is more coherent than what you said . it's also based on mbti and is therefore as rational as it can be .  ... i would , of course , also be interested in what people's experiences have been of being tortured by enfps and what they think the dynamics of the personality clash might have been , or the personality ... what i meant was did anyone have any experience with being tortured . if you say you've had the opposite experience with enfps , why bother posting ? unless you're subtly accusing me of lying , in ... i see ... well , he was a healthy enfp . does anyone here have experience with this type of thing ? i'd really appreciate your perspective . lilsnowy okay , so does healthy mean someone who engages in socially acceptable behaviour , or does it mean someone who is developed in their mbti functions ? if it's the former then he was probably ... thej they told me they were enfps and judging by their behaviour , i'd agree with their test result . god . i really can't help that you misunderstood and despite my efforts to clarify you continue to put words in my mouth . i would rather continue with the actual conversation which is about how enfps can ... em , he was a healthy enfp . i get the feeling i'm an innocent person on trial for whether i deserve to be tortured for being the person i am . that's like saying someone who was raped probably deserved it - she must have done ... sweetraglansweater lol ! no . i don't have any enfps exes . hope your friend is okay . : crying : i think it's amazing how people are making this thread into a big issue about me saying that all enfps are cruel . i absolutely never said that . i clearly said that enfps in my life have ... yes ! i'm sure they were enfps ! and no , he was not a psychopath . he was actually a healthy enfp . does cruelty upset the neat , little boxes we use to describe groups of people ? i'm sorry , but it's a ... most of you seem to be nice because it is clear that you can't imagine the suffering that has been done to me and even less the reasons . i knew it would be difficult getting through to you , but i ... i met one or two enfps who weren't completely psycho - as in , tortured me , but even they would did things that were just callous . of course , it's possible that i missed some nice ones along the way , ... you just repeated exactly what i already said . as i have already said and will say once more , i believe the stereotype is quite the opposite of what i have stated my observations to be , so i can't ... what's your problem ? nothing about that post was in any way vindictive or antagonistic . and anyway i clearly stated that i was precisely not setting out to be typist . i can't provide details . it's ... first off , and most importantly , this thread does not set out to be typist , even though it may sound that way . i've been reflecting on the journey life has taken me on and with that the people who ... retard . i was joking , idiot . the whole point was about not taking it too seriously , which is precisely what this silly questionnaire suggests . there again , perhaps you should study philosophy so that you can ... i did get existentialist and romanticist , neither of which i actually am . existentialism is too limited and fails to account for the truth that can be found in human values . actually living out the ... sorry , guys , but philosophy is a load of shit and everyone should just stop thinking and drink unpasteurised apple juice , says me after completing my philosophy thesis . thanks so much for posting this ! it cleared up a lot of pre-and-misconceptions i had about mbti . i actually think that anyone who is unsure about their mbti type should just look at this together ... hmmm , i see , i see . well , thank you for all your responses . i do love this forum ! i am personally opposed to psychiatry and i agree that drugging people up the way they do is criminal on a ... interesting response . thanks . perhaps it is indeed my tendency to live in my future visions as opposed to in the moment which contributes to my state of mind . i tend to be very meaning-focused , which ... hi there , i was wondering do any other infjs here always feel fine to unhappy on a spectrum of happiness ? i'm asking because i seem never to feel happy . i'm in a good place in life and yet i don't ... lol , i guess i have a screwed up idea of love . i think i'm now on the hunt for an enfp fella . it's true , i have great difficulty gauging interactions . i mean , i am very polite and stuff , but this ... chanteuse intjs are lovely . my father is an intj . he wasn't a great father , or around much , because he was a paranoid alienated inventor , but i remember having a very deep connection with him because ... i get the sense that infjs emotional needs are incapable of being met in a relationship . i'm trying really hard not to be perfectionist , but all routes seem to lead to calamity . i don't mean to be ... i have to wonder about that sometimes . hitler is thought to have been the most evil person who ever lived . if it is true that he was an infj , then that's scary . we can try to separate type from acts ... wow ! i totally get that . i emit vibes that make even mods reel . what is with that ? ! on the one hand this is true , in which case it's scary to think that among the most recognised people in human history two were infjs and the worst racists with visions that ... ha , ha ! that makes sense somehow . no , i haven't . what are the geniuses brewing up over there ? hey ! i've been reflecting a lot on this lately . i've never been in a romantic relationship with an enfp , but i am in a professional relationship ( not an unprofessional one ! :p ) with one and it is ... oh , knife ! the going always goes . this has probably already been posted , but i'd like to hear it again in any case . what is it precisely about infjs that enfps might love , or long for in their own lives ? how might infjs complete ... '