' the best pizza i have ever had ... cheese for days ! a massive cup of coffee , a good movie and someone to massage my back : kitteh : best blends of tea can i ever get bored of watching pitch perfect ? i'm okay , and i am thinking about all the work i should be doing right now and how i'm not doing it . i am tired as well because over thinking and doing nothing tires me out watching the walking dead and wondering whether or not i would survive ... and if so , how long ? i have lots of photos of my friends and i , my dogs , funny pictures and quotes ( as well as a lot from walt disney ) and some of my artworks that i did in the past . for me it was definitely maths . i hated the subject with all my soul . when i finally graduated my friends and i had a bonfire party , and roasted marshmellows over the burning remains of our ... i usually turn to music , but happy songs that lift up my mood . i guess i also tend to use other forms of escapism to give myself time to sort out my feelings and emotions . close friends are usually ... rather be by clean bandit feat . jess glynne i love this song so much it made its way into my dreams xd it sounds so happy it always makes my day well considering this is their first relationship , i don't think it is so irregular . i doubt anyone goes through their first relationship without miscommunication and hiccoughs . what i am trying to ... okay , please don't take offence to what i'm going to say because i mean it as advice . you posted on the advice forum and so people will give you their opinions about what you should do or what they ... i don't think you should worry too much about the crowd that will be there though . enjoy the night with your friends , feel like a princess and make some awesome memories . you wont get another ... oooh ... this is very dangerous territory my friend . girls don't react very well to friends dating their ex'es , especially if it is close friends . its very unlikely that this wont lead to drama but ... to be honest i think you shouldn't make them / ask them to choose . doing that will just bring out more drama and create new fights between your friends . if they still want to be friends with her there ... probably in their rooms listening to music / reading / gaming or in a quiet place outside daydreaming , or maybe out with close friends ... well that's where i normally am :D i don't think i have ever met ... i don't mind if people invade my space , and i'm generally a very physically affectionate person but they have to be very close to me . if a stranger gets in my personal bubble , i will probably freeze ... well i am generally a very happy person , so much so that my friends call me happy face . the reason for that is i don't dwell on the past as nothing you can do , and no amount of brooding , will ever ... well i don't think that its just an infp thing to really love disney films . i know a enfj , intj , ensj and enfp who love disney movies as much ( if not more ) than i do . i think it is because they are ... i would definitely want to be aang from avatar : the last airbender . he is one badass kid :D everyone is complicated , but you have to take the time to learn about them and how they think and feel . the better you know them , the less complicated they become . human beings in general are ... i can't forgive my best friend and , in fact , i think i have started disliking her . last year we found out my mom had a brain tumour , and had to undergo an extremely dangerous operation to remove ... well i have met 2 enfp's and both of them also value trust a lot , so have faith ! :D you will find someone who has the same values as you , i know it . this happens to me all the time . once i finish something - whether it be a book , game , etc - i feel like something is missing because i can't get lost within that world with that excitement of not ... from what i gather infp's usually hate when someone's morals and belief systems go against their own , so maybe that's why you got jealous ; because she did not believe she should be fully committed to ... i would have to agree with you there :) mom-isfj dad-infj 7745477456 i think mine are hazel with a bit of green can i also join ? :) that awkward moment when you are out with friends but cannot wait to go home so you can finish reading your book ... : confused : i like all of the above :) anything that shows that the person took the time and effort to express their feelings for you . i personally love handwritten letters purely because they often have the ... usually the first thing that comes to my mind is oh sweet tomatoes say something ! followed by dammit i need to ask a question . i am not really someone who copes well with silence , unless its a ... i find that most of my relationships that don't work out because my boyfriends can't accept that i need my personal space and me time . they always want to go out , and don't understand that i need ... 68011me and my new hair colour : tongue : edit : sorry for the random picture names ... its easier to find if i rename them random letters : blushed : yay ! ! i'm not the only one who does this ! :D it tends to be something i do subconsciously when i am in deep thought or just simply day dreaming . i also sometimes say a few words and then get side ... well reading all the posts i have to say i agree with most of you :D my best friend in the entire world is in fact an enfp . we have been best friends for about 13 years , and considering i am only 18 ... '