' i sound like the male version of you . i test positive for aspergers online but i have my doubts . i feel i can read facial expressions and am empathetic ( selectively ) . i'm definitely sagittarius ... why do you waste time on the infp board if you're an enfp ? you secretly wish you don't need human socialization as much as you do ? you're envious that infp's enjoy quiet solitude while the restless ... sorry , i thought you were the op with all the problems . if you're happy with your intj , then great . any type can be happy together . for me , i know an intj wouldn't and didn't work . i'm not telling you to dump your boyfriend based on type . you started the thread about your problems and unhappiness with him . your problems are deep and fundamental personality differences . you ... why try so hard to make it work ? when a relationship is right , it flows naturally and it doesn't feel like work . do some research . the infp / intj pairing is one of the most unsatisfying ... do you really want someone who feels obligated to give you the time and affection you want ? i think you should find a guy who really wants to be with you , wants to hold you , touch you , do things ... they're not married , are having fundamental problems , their personalities aren't really compatible . i see no reason to keep banging your head against the wall . both would be better off with someone ... the intj might come around with counseling to show he's affectionate but it won't come naturally or easily . it will come because he's required to do so to stay in the relationship . affection and ... i'm a loner and prefer it that way . i have a girlfriend and my family and that's it . that's the way i want it . my experience with friends hasn't been that rewarding . jealousy , competition and ... i dated an intj for a few months and she was emotionally cold and rather unconcerned with romance and affection . i really cared for her and we shared many great times . in the end , i just couldn't ... only those who believe in god can be moral or have a purpose ? lol an unexplained encounter isn't necessarily divine . it's simply unexplained . is your god a christian god , a muslim god or some other type of god ? you don't know for sure that god exists . you have an internal discussion with a person you think is god but it might be nobody . you might be just talking to yourself . a lot of god in here . how do you know for sure god has done all the things you claim ? why don't you think it will be that bad ? what if you're wrong and it is ? those countries use the euro and only the european central bank can print the euro . the ecb is printing euros and buying the debt of these countries but they want promises to cut the deficits . ... printing money dilutes everyone but it can and has delayed the end game . however collapse delayed only means worse collapse later . i would highly advise everyone to spend their dollars on land , ... i think you and your husband should get a divorce . a fresh start would do both of you good . i doubt your husband will ever trust you again and i doubt you'll get over your feelings of disrespect ... the global governments will keep printing money out of thin air to avoid a debt collapse . there can never be a shortage of money in a paper based system . governments can print to infinity . ... i find the website survivalblog.com to be helpful as well as mother earth news and backwoods home . our days of consumerism , debt-based wealth , global trade ( vegetables from the southern ... yes it is about survival and it's something i've been studying and taking seriously for a number of years . i'm quite well prepared and have no desire nor need for communal living . your judgments ... i could really care less what you do . i have no interest in communal living . i want to live on my terms not according to the norms and expectations of a group . group think and behavior are ... i'm happy with romantic love . i don't want the commitment that goes with consummate love . the commitment causes choice to morph into obligation . once i'm legally and financially obligated to ... why are you so defensive about my question . lots of communes do practice casual sex . if everyone agrees , i don't see a problem with it . maybe you find it offensive but many do not . i find the ... how do you find a commune who will let you in ? consuming less is of course helpful but i think we should all go further . consuming less is like harming less . it's still a little harmful and not helpful . we should give back to the earth . ... were you in a free sex commune like the bhagwhan shree rajneesh in oregon ? i'm pretty certain that global economic collapse will occur in the next few years . money printing has delayed the inevitable but only makes the endgame that much worse . it's time to get ... if you really want this guy to commit to dating you , you should back off and pretend you're losing interest . let him come to you . i think pressure will be counter-productive . i have many ideas and concepts which i enjoy pondering . my infj girlfriend thinks my enthusiasm for an idea means that is a plan or a decision but for me it was just an idea to be further explored ... i'm dating an infj now and while she likes my idealistic fantasies i think she's getting frustrated that they never convert to action . i was similar to you as i'm a cpa and worked at price waterhouse and then as a financial executive in corporations . i was successful , the money was great but i hated the work . i eventually burned ... you're too young to be in a serious committed relationship . you're going to have lots of experiences . don't get serious about anyone until your mid 20 ' s at the earliest . sorry bro . just telling it like it is . you made the choice to end the relationship so now you have to accept she will be intimate with other people . move on . if you want her back , tell her . if not , let her go and move on . if you don't want her back , why do you care what she's doing ? yes , she'll be having wild sex with someone else . that's how it goes ... type does matter . do you want interesting conversations ? do you want affection and romance ? do you want someone who understand your need for time alone ? these are major areas of a relationship . ... i'm a cpa but hated it . i do nothing now :) good point . probably nobody . this would be like bill clinton and princess di . lol sad that you never understood and appreciated your father's humility , insight and special talents as a person and are instead drawn toward the arrogant bluster of the entj . i recommend you light up a joint , crack a beer , turn on some music and chill out . we all have problems . sometimes you need to forget about them and just live . i feel the same . i wish i were different in this regard but i must embrace who i am . i'm happiest living alone . awesome collection . would love to see your library . so bromide , how have you dealt with this in your relationships ? are you in a relationship now ? i'll never be satisfied with the kind of relationship you describe . fighting to stay together sometimes isn't worth the effort . i want romance not a roommate . i've had many relationships and can't blame the other person for my feelings of stress . i have a hard time maintaining a day to day cohabitation situation . coordinating every aspect of my life with ... being in a relationship is tiresome for me . finding someone is not a priority for me . it's not any one thing such as sleeping . it's everything like coordinating meals , negotiating over furniture , deciding which movie to watch , etc . i find it all rather stressful . i'd prefer to make ... does anyone else find cohabitation difficult ? relationships seem to progress where living together becomes expected and that's where i find it very hard . i like living alone and having my own home ... '