' wow ouch , good analogy there . i think you're right . i can hope and try all i want but i think as soon as i am gone they will revert back . even worse , i wonder if they will rebound back in the other ... i made her take a myers briggs test ( lol ) and she scored as an infp . i don't know enough about types , does that mean much to you ? does that tell you anything ? yeah it's rough .. isn't it ? i am frustrated . someone i know doesn't care much about fitness or healthy habits . it seems they are putting in effort so i don't leave . i'm suspicious of their enthusiasm and how long it will last ... nope , it's the reason i am in the process of a career change . say you had some dream of becoming something . it is completely attainable , just requires hard work . and at some point along the way you realize you are .. tired . have you ever given it up and ... intense ... being able to go to the bathroom without any issues . seriously . i don't really lose myself in this manner , but i do in a similar sense of not being able to face certain things i need to , to get where i want to go . i'm trying to force myself to do it , but it's a ... this is sooo old , sorry . over time , i've learned i need to protect myself . the last couple sentences sound like me for most of my life . the last thing you said , is so important to me . i think i more often than not believe others don't understand me . so when i think someone does , it really does mean a lot to me . good luck , i always try to remember that life is a winding road . you don't know what's next . i did finance in school and worked in business afterwards and decided it wasn't for me so i'm switching to ... hopelessly hopeful . woefully wretched . jubilantly jaded . lol , you are correct sir . alright alright ill contribute to the thread . you like vegetables ? i have a nice , fresh cucumber i'd like to show you . that should get me at least one slap , maybe punch to the face in real ... yeah haha i was feeling particularly pitiful last night . it happens to me periodically . i know what you're saying , but i fuck it up whenever i get to that point . it always happens and literally as ... awesome ! glad to hear it's going well man ! this 100pct . there are multiple people at the gym i go to now , they treat me like i'm invisible . i try to say hello , i try to ask them how their day was . they don't even try , they'll look at me with ... for me ? that's spot on . basically , as i alluded to in some other thread unrelated to this , i feel i grew up in a fucked up environment socially . because i was spoiled , i got to do whatever i wanted ... it seems i've had issues with nt's and st's probably meaning more conflict with t vs . f . i think my f is too high many times and i become too emotional about things internally . i won't display it so ... @ vishnushiva as well : lol i come in here to chat , we're just people chatting on a forum , this isn't a heated debate . no ones feelings have been hurt . i'm not offended and i don't think they are ... lol you're funny . i don't disagree with the fact that no one wants to deal with it . i disagreed with the reason why we may come off this way . much ado about nothing the conversation between you and ... you know that's interesting . because i had a former friend who was that type of person . in the 2-3 years i hung out with him , he must have went on 30-50 dates . i went on about 3 . he had girls ... i've been told that many , many times . funny because i've never gotten a second date , never kissed a girl . i'm 27 . odds are i will never know whether i would be a good father . opposite for me . it seems women want nothing to do with me . unless i'm in school and they want the answers or they want free tutoring . serious . school : girls have asked me numerous times can you ... that's interesting . i don't agree . i don't think my points are so well thought out and ultimate . rather , i have a bunch of shit going on in my head all at the same time and i need a few moments to ... wow . if i saw that and you had an infj tag or i knew you were an infj , my facial reaction would have been as if you replaced that woman with a unicorn . : shocked : it never worked well . we always butted heads . he never knew how to help me . now as an adult , our conversations are very surface level , i don't really care about his opinion too much ... good luck ! i know i'm a very principled person . there's a reason my life is what it is and it is for those things i believe in . i think you're right for infj's many times activities are less ... wtg man ! i'm 27 and never kissed a girl myself . i hate being the third wheel . i like how you are so positive too . i'll give your your first thanks . =) tangent time , may not want to read this . ... yeah ... so i go to this gym . i try my best to be social , but sometimes i feel like shit and depressed and so on those days i don't . problem is it's sooo social that you have a few days like that ... ha at the post above mine . i am probably the worst person ever at flirting . seriously . i'm also too nice and so i never get what i want . sometimes life sucks . i should also note , my picture here on my profile is when i was 130 lbs last july ( depressed , didn't eat , and didn't exercise at all ) . i count them very roughly with an app . the reason i count them is the opposite of what you mention . i am trying to gain weight . right now i am 160 lbs , i'm trying to get to 170 or so and see where ... you reminded me of something , one of the things i didn't care for when i used to go to church . the churches i went to were super serious about dating and relationships and all that . they always said ... maybe i should post those horrible shirtless pics of me posing ? lol . yes exactly , i'll say this . only one of the women i have been on a date with ( i've only been on like 7-8 dates , never a second , and i'm 27 ! ! ! ) has fit my mental picture of , what you describe and i ... yeah i have this problem too . i can't explain what i look for physically , i just know whether they are it or not when i meet them in person . unfortunately , that is few and far between . if that ever ... i haven't cried in about 15 years . anyone feel this way ? in an unexpected turn of events , online dating has produced 3 dates in a week in a half for me . the last 3 dates i went on were over the course of ~ 2 years or so . in going ... yes exactly . once i fall into a hole it takes me a long time to get out because i don't tell anyone , meaning i have to dig myself out of the hole . sometimes as an infj i feel insane . lets see instant mash potatoes - entire packet - 4 servings 440 calories kale / spinach / parsley ~ 2cups ~ 0.5 lbs of spiced ground beef maybe 600 calories ? 700 ? honey-spinach-ice water ... up for all my progress in exercise . confident that my progress will continue , i'm like a machine i always go and always give whatever i have to my workouts . i'm also eating more and better . down ... third ! i haven't received a hug like that in years . srs . kind of messed up actually . i'm lonely . i desire to meet someone but feel too inept to do it . this feeds the cycle . i have one friend who i see once per month . i am holding on to something now ( working out ) . for me , i ... next door ? haha that's baaad . it is ! the orange gives it a little bit of punch , the casein is vanilla flavored so it leaves that behind as an after taste . it's a very mild shake . if you like stronger flavors i would replace ... joining a gym has helped me so much . i've been lifting heavy ( for me ) and the feeling of getting stronger , plus the chemicals released when exercising have helped me . i am now back to a healthy ... a shake : kale / spinach / swiss chard 1 orange 1 tbsp of evoo 1 scoop of casein protein '