' entj's are like totally the bestest ever ! ! ! i mean , everyone else is garbage anyways , right ? and we all know what we do with garbage , don't we . i mean , we can't be spending our time dating the ... keep a rigid schedule . for example : 7:30 start morning routine 8: 30 start studying 10:00 coffee break 10:15 study 12:00 lunch 12:30 study 2:30 more coffee 3:00 study hume believed that agreement among ideal critics on aesthetic issues constituted the true standard of taste and beauty . further , he thought that the true judge of the finer arts ( the ideal ... as a test of your objectivity , i wonder if you guys could point out a republican you like and respect and why . interesting . i thought she was practically the only republican to say what she really thought , not just spew out the same old party driven non-think . everyone else seemed like they were literally ... her speech : i have no idea if condoleezza rice is an entj or not , but i sure would appreciate it if someone convinced me she was because i want to ... he insisted that you have sex with him , he made fun of you immediately after and somehow made you feel like you were the one in the wrong about it , he avoided looking at you after , and then he began ... for me personally : no tv in room coupled with ( 1 ) reading time , and ( 2 ) watching certain things on tv like the news , ect . that's just what i plan on doing with young kids , but as they get older i ... thepermiepagan very interesting and insightful take on this thread . ... i have two competing intuitions : ( 1 ) that masculinity is simply what the majority of individuals in our society would point ... sorry if the insult as bait thing threw you off . ha . i was feeling goofy i guess . some of your comments have been helpful . i take it that all of you see yourselves as loyal , some of you even ... not really . i just wanted to get you in here . but i do get the impression that an enfp friend of mine , someone i consider dear and who was in my wedding party , is more interested in having ... tea path i found that very helpful and i would love to hear more about the entj / intj dynamic between you and your husband . i'm fascinated . seeing the world as full of possibilities and taking ... here's another way of getting at it . say you're in an ethics class and the professor presents an ethical dilemma to talk about . do you tend to be the type person who ( a ) comes to a judgment quickly ... that's te , as i see it . when you initially formed a hypothesis , that was casting a judgment as i was defining it . for me , i form a hypothesis , test it , and then either readjust or carry on . i started to learn about myself . through seeing myself in others on this form , i've been able to see some of my darker tendencies , which i count as highly valuable . then i started learning about my ... i've also heard it said that entjs are the least social of the es . on whether you're entj or intj , here's the best way to decide , in my opinion : are you an armchair philosopher , or a ... this almost made me want to be a democrat . just wanted to see what you entj guys and gals thought , if you have the time . ix92m voting for obama because i love money , but ix92m not moneyx 92s bitch ... dear entj , if all of life were pride and prejudice , you'd be elizabeth . friendly advice , a fellow elizabethan nope , never thought that way about women or friendships . in fact , i try to cheer up the people everyone else is ignoring . i feel like the question is basically asking if we look for trophy ... being blunt is a good thing . i just wanted to repeat that and send it into the world . : feeling good : measure everything you do and eventually you'll start competing with yourself , which is fun and helps the time to pass . this helps in several areas , but especially with working out . if i can turn ... wow . i didn't know the avett brothers had a new one coming out ! mumford and sons just had one come out , too . good season for music . :-) laguna i wonder if you're a counselor . if not , you'd make an awesome one , with your ability to encourage and draw more out of a person . here's how the entj-enfp dynamic looked , for me at least : ... i was the class clown for a time period growing up , especially using sarcasm and condescending humor - usually directed towards the teacher . i could see how that might be an entj thing . edit : ... i need a woman who is kind , loving , and patience . and so does every other entj . the last thing we need is a spouse who mirrors back to us our emotional intelligence . #welcome back to kindergarden . hey . i don't have as much time as i would like to reply to this right now , but maybe i will return to it later in the day . i'm a grad student in my last year as well . like you , and probably most ... look dude . from what i've read , you have no right to feel so entitled . flirting means nothing . ... if she had a very clear cut conversation with you about wanting to date exclusively , that's ... in my experience , women tend to read into things a little too much . i've seen women really hurt my friends by laying claims on them to their friend groups and then my friends are socially boxed in . ... the more responsibility you have , the more motivated you will be . try having a few kids . or hiring a few employees . ... or having kids in order to put them to work . oh , and i watched your ... no . your comments were reasoned and helpful . you're right to say that entjs go through periods of silence before taking action sometimes , which might fit gordon . and you're also right that most ... well , if he's an entj , he doesn't control his temper like most entjs do irl . perhaps he's convinced that acting that way will help a kitchen run smoothly . in that case , i could see an entj acting ... david nevue . i tried to be reasonable with this guy already ; he really is kind of bat shit crazy . not everyone knows how to be reasonable in a dispute . looking back on it , i'm starting to think he was trying to ... i've grown in respect for many of you , so perhaps you can help me think this through . my car alarm has been busted ( a model of a bmw 528i that this tends to happen to ) for a year and goes off maybe ... here's an argument that might make leat correct , if each premise were true : 1 ) materialism ought to be defined based on someone's actions , not their motivations . 2 ) any given action will be ... monkey king i was being typist on purpose . i'm surprised i need to point that out to you . leat your being incredibly thick headed . is being stubborn a normal intp trait ? perhaps it's because your ti is too focused on your own thoughts to hear someone else ? or maybe its because your ne ... laguna um , you brought this up , not me , but , um , about that thing at the end of your post ( scratching my head awkwardly ) . you know the one i'm talking about don't you ... the one , uh , down there ? ... it sounds like your going through a difficult time . i'm sorry . you probably need to just avoid that person . and as a general rule to live by : don't get in the habit of forming plots of revenge . dude , you sound seriously unstable . you've concluded that the betrayal was malicious ? are you serious ? why don't you ask the person before establishing a year long plot of revenge . use your ... well , i supposed as a start ... once someone's personality type has been established , once we actually know that person's type with certainty , then i think we can modestly begin to download ... hey king , why don't you start a thread to share some of your ruminations concerning nature vs . nurture and how mbti advances the discussion . i'd be interested in what you had to say . : happy : when your desperate for it , there's no better place to get smacked than on this form . the majority of my work is intellectual , so smoking helps in the short run and hurts in the long . but i still smoke on occasion when i have to get a lot of work done in a short period of time , even ... king arthur - the man of vision and ambition and occasional self sacrifice who at the end of the day just wasn't cool enough to get the girl . sure , this makes sense . i was saying above that entjs are the most goal oriented personality type , so if they make status ( or the acquisition of wealth for that matter ) their ultimate goal , then ... she's the one in the office that gets stuff done ? ya , she's probably an esfj then . entjs are better at strategy ; esfjs are better at logistics - actually pulling things off . you both sound ... the poll's question is misleading . someone has to be the most materialistic , and of the options given entjs seem like the right choice . honestly , which other type would you choose ? of course it's ... go up to him and use your words . my best friend is an intp . jeeze . stop thinking and just act . during important moments in my life , poetry comes . i've been this way since i was little . my favorite poems are spring and fall to a young child by gerard manley hopkins , death be not proud ... '