' sorry what ? well it's been awhile since my last post , my birthday came and went on the 24th which made me realise how truly alone i've become by opening up just a little . all i got was a nice box , a pair of ... well like the overwhelming case of deja vu , where to begin i suppose it started when i said 2017 was looking to be a brighter year than 2016 . it appears my life will forever be a paradox of ... 6 days on and moving on is the best decision i've made ages ago . been talking to some one on skype , man she makes me laugh so much . haven't been able to do much running due to illness . no doubtly ... you should play squash some say it helps as it's pretty fast paced and leaves little time for you to think about anything else . : tongue : i shall not answer that question ! that very notion ... is well ... : shocked : then again by posting ... i've sort of answered the question .. drat ! : laughing : this song pretty much sums up how i'm feeling lol . well i suppose an update is due ... just in case anyone thinks this is phase or a bubble waiting to pop lol . 10 days on from my post and i'm happy well that would be an understatement . i feel ... hello jonah , i would say i know where you're coming from then again most of here do :) . personally i used to see it as a curse , absorbing all the energy and emotions like a sponge therefore ... sleep ... but so much chores to do ... lol , call it a hunch as initially i thought you must be pisces then thought nah but definitely something to do with the water element . then i checked your profile to check if i was wrong ; seeing as i ... haha , i figured you for a water element which is why i asked if you looked into the chinese zodiac . true , we have characteristics for each but we all an affinity for an element .. apparently . i ... any time lol ... i ended up typing more than this that just the post edit and i notice i missed a few words here and there .. * _ * lol . we all have perfectionist tendencies somewhere or ... first of all donx 92t apologies ... and thanks for sharing ! i apologies hahaha i typed up a reply and i accidentally closed the tab looking for a good will hunting meme that i thought fit in to one ... that's true , we all need some one that have a proper conversation with ^ _ ^ and help you out here and then . hahaha . got it , everyone has their own stories and some people don't understand ... hahahaha ... yay ! a kindred : ghost : and yeah when you're the only person that can cheer yourself up it does look somewhat nutty . one moment you're blue as grumpy smurf and next you're sunny as ... sad : violin : : laughing : well .. i found it hilarious so i expressed my joy at said hilarity : wink : . yes , i'm just messing around ... ^ _ ^ . life's too short to be brooding and negative . well to be honest they've chosen sub consciously to cut the ties as it's only when they need any diy doing they call me . otherwise my phone doesn't ring at all although they pretend they haven't . me ... reisiger thank you for taking the time to reply ^ _ ^ much appreciated . it's not just the social norms but it's what we see on tv day in day out . there is no sense of morality , loyalty or even a shred ... hahahahahaha that's just hilarious ... : laughing : : laughing : : laughing : : laughing : : laughing : : laughing : op can you provide the context ? is this a romantic setting ? a random encounter at a cafe ? a phone call ? text message ? lately since everything has gone into a downhill spiral for me into a bottom less pit but whatever i'm just going to smile and laugh . the funniest thing for me has been my unanswered thread on ... oh , i would say it depends on the people around you and the situations you find yourself . the key thing really is be yourself and anything different ... otherwise you're doing a great injustice ... haha , i used to get depressed when i saw happy couples as well . one day i decided that if no one was going to talk me out of my depressive thoughts i'd have to do it . so have faith in yourself and ... nephilibata . you're most welcome and in the words of neil armstrong : i'd say humankind but given primarily it's about you and your dad thought it was best left as is haha . i know it's easier said then done and that's unfortunate ... i know where you're coming from . some people just don't stop talking do they ? you're about to say something and zoom another a barrage ...   something productive like a sport or a language and make it short goal to travel to the country of the language you want to learn . with the long view of travelling to as many countries you can and ... hmm , i would a ) build my own space ship and it would be just like the ship in outlaw star . b ) solve world poverty c ) build a base on the moon and mars why just travel countries when you can ... at least his open to talk about things and not stubborn as a mule on whiskey ! ( not that i have seen a mule drunk on whiskey but i've seen some akin to it ! : laughing :: laughing :) since he is ... today something just clicked , i mean just clicked or maybe i've just snapped : laughing : and destined for arkham . i don't feel depressed , down , i feel calm and really at peace . where do i begin ? ... maybe try watching a physics documentary : laughing : . lately i actually been finding watching said documentaries or documentaries about mars quite soothing lol ! nephilibata . we've all been ... techfreak i definitely agree on screamo ... my playlists feature a wide variety of songs and im definitely open to anything but that is unfortunately one of the genres that i think are an acquired ... i bet you a cent it was the song that tipped ya and no there is nothing wrong in having a good cry here and there . it's emotionally healthy to get it out of your system as opposed to retaining it ... hello ! i'd post my favourite song as well but have far too many as i listen to everything apart from screamo . in the words of mark watney anything , oh god , anything but screamo : laughing : . ... personally i like to get to the heart of the matter and understand the root cause how it can be fixed or if it's fixable . it's awesome that we all do what we can to help others however the main ... well you could always fashion a banjo out of a tin lid , wire strings and piece of wood : laughing : . joking aside which region do you live in ? surely it can't be that bad ? darn ... that is pretty ... jennyjukes . i totally get what you mean by being under appreciated especially when you're the shoulder everyone leans on but when you feel so lost and alone no one wants to listen . you feel ... it may seem simple but that is a ridiculously broad question / those are ridiculously broad questions : laughing : . you see what i did there ? if not let me explain : 1 ) it varies from person to ... bmxyszss the way to look at this is 1 ) what would you do if you could for instance paint or play an instrument ? then ask yourself what's stopping you from doing so ? the moment you sit , ... you need to start looking beyond the scope of your proximity and i totally get what you're coming from . it sounds like a classic case of severe attraction to narcissism we're all prone to it ... there is some level of interest that is for sure . ) . one thing i would say , is keep her laughing and mood joyful . ) nope you're not the only one lol recently i decided to pick up fencing again , get my sky diving license , go base jumping because why not . life is just far too dull growing old and grey without ... you could always build a little storage box , like this one if you were so inclined :) . you know your an infj when you can feel the emotions being absorbed from a wall of text which is both refreshing and disheartening at the same time . the former being attributed to the delight yes ! ... what may appear ambiguous to some , makes perfect sense to others :) . got too much to deal with and don't have time for a round-about debate :p erc 3 : . all the best to you to . 1 ) hence the laughing emoticon at the end of the question :d ry : . 2 ) i'm aware anything with a question mark will solicitate some form of response , yes . 3 ) i wasn't talking about the theory but ... : shocked :: laughing : first of all my initial query was said in jest ... eash relax lol . secondly development is in essence growth therefore as you said we can develop our other functions ... '