' sometimes it's less about what is said , and more about the delivery . i don't think your joke was so bad . maybe you have a deadpan delivery style and people not familiar with you thought you were ... yes , it is probably a hypothetical question too .. but your analogy / metaphor question example is in fact along the lines of what i mean . i don't however think that fabi expects / wants us to know ... lol . thanks for engaging in dialogue . i am pretty sure that fabi has not found a camera on vacation and is wanting to know how to return it . i would like him to confirm that , but he rarely answers ... interesting . did you take fabi's thread question literally ? as i assume everything he says is an analogy or metaphor for something else . i would ask fabi directly of course , if i didn't already know ... aizar thank you for such a gracious and considered reply . it's always helpful to know where people are coming from . on quite a separate note , i found it interesting how your experience of the ... i do also think it's healthy to let go of people once a relationship has broken up . i remember a friend telling me a couple of months after my isfj ex and i broke up that he was trying to chat up a ... i can imagine someone wishing their deceased parent or whatever could have met their spouse or children , etc . but , yeah , saying you wish your ex could see your new girlfriend is just weird , and why ? ? ... i'm not surprised you feel so wrecked by this experience . what a dumbass thing for him to do . i'm sorry this happened to you . sometimes men [ and women ] can be morons . not really type related . i just ... such a tease , and so cruel andy 969 : kitteh : i have a couple of good friends in munich that i visit every few years . maybe when i next visit i will try to find you too . the single intj in germany ... while i was reading through your description of a , i thought she sounds like an isfj . then i got to the end of that description , and you say that she got the result isfj , so i guess that's probably ... dear ian i feel so strange about your death . although , we were barely acquainted , we were barely acquainted a long time ; so you were a comforting fixture in my landscape , like a familiar brook , or ... in what way does mp2 come across as infp ? have you visited the intp forum ? his long posts are typical intp , lol i am a little embarrassed by the label infj , so no i don't want people to know . i also consider it personal and private . it helps me to understand myself , and i might tell people i care about , so ... lol : laughing : the only estps i can think of irl are my dad ( who is a special case ) , and donald trump ( who , i guess is also a special case ! ) . they do not endear me to the type generally , but i don't have a problem ... mp2 your long post is very intp like , both your style of analysis and desire to remain open to the possibility of being wrong . i agree with vivid melody i love the intps , so i think this is a ... hmm .. this sounds very intp , fabi ... i like it though . it sounds great . like intps ( my favourite type ) haha :P it's really difficult for me to believe that anyone could read all 16 mbti types and relate equally to all of them . what initially made you think that you are not infp ? and why have you ... i find you very entertaining , fabi . i still think of your painted ants analogy , and imagine all of us watching you , wondering where you will go next , and what you will get up to , lol as for ant ... okay . i'm open to the possibility of people's type changing , for various reasons ( although in theory it shouldn't ) . but if you believe this , it seems you should have even less confidence in your ... julifizz already explained : why have you now changed your type to entj ? 712042 7120 50 712058 7120 66 lol , welcome to the infj sub-forum :) thank you for sharing , fabi . i think it wasn't easy , because you never shared personally before , you only ask questions . love is complicated with all types in my experience . in your case , i'm not ... this isn't a weird question at all . i do a lot of negotiation in my job . in writing more than face to face , so it's not just about body language . sometimes i may feel that something is a bit off , ... i had a friend similar to yours , cynical , socially awkward , hardworking [ oxford graduate ] . she was my second oldest friend [ of 15 years , best friend for some of that time , until we fell out earlier ... it doesn't need to take forever to get to know an infj . i'm sorry to say , in some cases it will never happen with the particular person you like though , and it isn't necessarily to do with their ... if you appreciate when we share our thoughts , and don't make fun of us e . g call us ' conspiracy theory nutjobs ' ( turi ^ _ ^ ) , and you are honest about yourself , then over time we will trust you more ... such as ... john kelly pushing out omarosa for âx80x98triggeringâx80x99 trump ? i've never been completely sure what it meant to have a ' morbid ' sense of humour , except usually jokes about death could be described this way . i actually had to look it up , and now understand that ... hey starsurfer , this sounds positive to me . however , i would suggest the following : 1 . rather than saying she can ' reach out ' to you if she ' needs ' to , i would just say that ' although you want to ... if we must be eaten alive , we will of course do it with style :p roud :) it will be sung when it finds the right voice ... as most people are not polyamorous , you will probably do better ... that is the most distinguished forehead and hairline i have ever seen ; sharp as a razor , it will surely cut to the heart of its heroine of choice : laughing : you have been magnificent as always : blushed : i liked you better when you were a frog : tongue : thanks for all these :) i watched the videos i . e . got through the passions and virtues of all the types . it makes them sound different to the descriptions on the enneagram institute website ( which ... i believe she eats her prey , so she may get through to us all eventually . please feel free to entertain us in the meantime , this will at least distract us from the now pungent smell of urination ... if i understand correctly , the quote is not fabi's own words ( he has read this and copied this from somewhere else i believe - notice the difference in grammatical structure and style .. ) but would ... wow , okay , this is a lot to think about ! there are so many references to fe need for ' harmony ' but i've never given much consideration to what harmony actually means , and if it means different things ... ah , well , thanks for popping by :) x yes , i don't think we can cope with too much excitement - we're still clearing up the mess from the last party you brought : smiley-cool 13 : . but we'll be ... : shocked : * gulp * oh dear parrot , i really haven't seen him around for quite some time ... crimson ash were you not already aware that catwalk is universally loved by all nfs . <3 <3 <3 : hellokitty : oh catwalk you are the only one who loves us today : hug : i'm surprised an emissary has not been sent yet to the entp sub-forum , as they usually like us : unsure : . but for now we are so pleased ... i would find it difficult to think of someone 9 hours flight away as a realistic long term prospect , but then i don't know what this person's circumstances are , and whether he is able or considering ... hi starsurfer as others have said , if your infj has come to a conclusion about your relationship , it may be too late now to change her mind ; as the realisation that your relationship had no ... : toast : : words : : ball : ah , well maybe . i'd still attribute their desirability largely to dominant fe though , based in your stated reasons . dom fe has a stronger drive to express feelings ( open up ) , and avoid conflict ( not ... i do see where you're coming from lavendersnow , and maybe also zosio 913 , but i think we do need to be careful about our ti because it's not our strongest function . i think ti should help us to ... i see you are also a 1w2 so . i wonder how much difference that makes . surely the so instinct at least , perhaps , makes you more able to tolerate the infj ' confusing ' desire for harmony whilst ... hey , sorry , yes , the first link wasn't quite the same . but if you look beyond the title the question content in the others are very similar , e . g in the last link how do infj's feel about intj's ... enfjs are generally nicer . it's the dominant fe . '