' the russians just made all that shit up to mess with us . i prefer summer . this supports my theory regarding my use of se and ti . i also identified fe in myself , i think . my thought process isn't as sweet as the example though . oh god , there's the fucking apple tree ... i don't think so . it was suggested , i researched it and didn't see myself in it at all . se or ti are my dominant function , i don't know which one . estp descriptions fit pretty well imo . injustice selfishness intentional ignorance manipulation domination irrationality rudeness p . s . the twilight series is something i enjoy . apparently i'm in the minority here . i think ... entps are awesome . i had you pegged as an enfx from the title of this thread . : crazy : welcome welcome . i wonder if we'll see much of you , since enfjs are always so busy , whether they mean to be or not . :) p . s . enfjs ... sometimes it all just goes without saying . an estp will have no problem telling you if it's over . so basically , if she hasn't said you're through , you're not . she's just distracted right now . a ... the isfjs i've known so far have been unhealthy in my estimation . i am hoping that one of these days i'll stumble upon a good one , so i can overwrite my negative experiences . it will take some ... your dislike of japanese rpgs is the real dealbreaker in this hypothetical pairing . it would have never worked between us , darling . sorry . : tongue : i am drawn to isfjs at first . they draw me in with their fun personalities , their quirks ... etc . then they top it off with the actions they do and that's it . i trust them , because actions speak ... the title of this thread made me giggle . there is no forgiveness for something like that . : frustrating : kawaii , kawaii , kawaii ! i love how they decorated for halloween . :D hmm , what about socionics ? edit : did some digging and read the socionics description of sle . it fits . :) japanese rpgs for the win . i got vampire academy mixed up with house of night , which was so stupid i felt like i needed to give my hands a scrubbing from having held it as i was reading ( i read the ... wow , that sounds stupid . o . o i was actually in the market for a black winged goddess of death and destruction , but couldn't find one that i liked . i will reread the description of infj , but i doubt that's me . infjs can conceal ... * prays that stephenie meyer never reads this thread * : crazy : personally , i'd rather be a vampire than a zombie even if they were the losing side . i'd go down with sparkly dignity . personality type does not indicate intelligence . period . a lot of people had bad childhoods . you can mope and use it as an excuse for the rest of your life , or you can rise above it . i suggest moving on with your life . you have to accept what happened . ... i'm pretty much the go-to girl for all mankind's venting needs , within reason . hubby hurt your feelings ? i knew something was bothering you today , tell me all about it . i'll make you a cup of ... ah , well that explains the jumps from one type to another very different personality type . i've also leap frogged from type to type to type , but there was a somewhat sensible logic in it imo . it's ... are you saying that sensing equals in inability to see through insincere people ? title : it's the censor's job to censor everything . racism offends people , so i suppose it has to be censored . otherwise , a censor would be fired . oh , the pain of putting it off ' til the very last . : crying : i'll be praying for you . * hands you a cup of coffee * i am in no way affiliated with the record label . i'm just a fan . this music is industrial , techno , dance . free sampler code is given when you either sign up or log in to the site . it's free and it ... stop it . it's not your job to like everyone . it's good to meet people that irritate you . it proves that you're alive , you think for yourself and you know what you like . don't be a bitch to ... i don't think of zombies as being more powerful than vampires , they are simply in a more advantageous position , being able to take away the thing the vampire needs to survive . imagine if the only ... drugging yourself would just band-aid your underlying issue . you will have to face these sort of situations at some point , so you might as well do it now . i don't think the issue is that you're an ... hello . : happy : well , that doesn't sound nearly as silly when you put it like that . wooow . typological whiplash ! squib you scored 36 % slytherin , 28 % ravenclaw , 32 % gryffindor , and 20 % hufflepuff ! are you sure that you belong at hogwarts ? you show no defined personal characteristics and therefore no house ... says you're an esfp under your name . why don't you go update your profile with all this enlightenment ? no . few things are certain . mbti isn't something i'd bet money on . we can't . it's probably a load of hogwash . interesting , though-provoking hogwash , but a load nonetheless . that's because ... i did . tests never do much for me though , since i end up with varying results depending on my mood , the phases of the moon ... whatever it is that skews my results . i use the tests as a guide ... kind ... wow ... this thread got derailed . : crazy : i think i've identified my type . however , i seem to have traits of both potential wings . is it possible or likely that i display both wings equally ? sounds like a new chapter in the twilight saga . better hope stephenie meyer doesn't read this , or it'll be all your fault ! do the world a favor and delete your facebook account , since you clearly don't understand how to be a part of that community . the idiot who made basil ice cream , the baby bath pictures , the ... did it rain when you forgot to take in the washing ? do they have a phobia of something crawling on the stuff if it hangs out ( assuming we're talking about a clothesline here ) into the evening ? that ... cool . i believe i'm extp . it'll be interesting to see you around the forum . :) just shake it off . there are plenty of people out there who like quiet people for who they are . plus , if she's so conceited and overly concerned with whether people like her or not ( which indicates a ... if you're from the darkside , you will give me a cookie . otherwise , you are an impostor . what type are you ? :( that's so sad . it's really no one's fault , your mom thought the pillow would be safe there and they probably didn't think it through when they got it down . i cannot imagine the pain of losing a ... thanks guys . :) i'm so sorry for your loss . if you read the description of isfj , you'd think that they'd be very unselfish . and they are actually very selfless ... when they're healthy . unhealthy isfjs are some of the most selfish people i've ... one thing i as well as an estp friend also noticed is that he's not always all that great with technology . myself as well as my estp friend are usually always able to figure things out but him not so ... '