' i haven't read the posts so excuse me if i repeat anything - - yes . i do this , too . i'll do this when i want to debate something , or think something through to the end . i'll usually start ... yep . like i said , nothing's impossible . : wink : i'm sorry , but you have several errors here . 50 % of the population has an iq of 100 25 % have an iq below that 25 % have an iq above that . so if average intellience ( at least ) is your idea of ... i just love this song lately , and have been listening it quite a bit : thank you . i really needed to get that off my chest . a disclaimer before i begin---it's not my intent to start a heated argument , to cause consternation for the moderators or break the rules---and i don't mean to offend anyone , to hurt anyone's ... we'll start with teen movies , and move on to other stuff as we think of it . mine : top 10 teen flicks ( not in order ) 1 . sixteen candles 2 . high school musical 3 . ferris beuller's day off 4 ... i do . i drive an 07 mustang---here's a pic of mine : my photos photo gallery - photo 2 of 64 by julie - myspace photos i also love the classic camaros , especially a 1967 ss : ...  dude , you got to it before i could . and i agree---so far , the strangest book i've read is the crying of lot 49 by thomas pynchon . the crying of lot 49 - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i know i am . i might be a touch more introverted than extroverted in the long run , but as i understand it , as you mature you will find yourself scoring about even on this attribute . it's a good ... i understand where you're coming from . i like to be alone quite a bit too , but at the same time , value the company of the people i love enough to spend time with them when i can . so long as ... hello , seirian ... lovely to meet you ! avuncular ... it sounds round and fun and almost sounds like it's meaning , uncle . another good one : scrumptious sounds like chewing , chomping and some more : spatula melancholy labyrinth ... i thought it would be fun to start a thread where communicate through images only . post images of you thoughts , mood , feelings , whatever . here's mine for today : ... those are beautiful . thanks for sharing ... well ! this is an interesting question , and i have to agree with the others and say that because i truly love music , i can't possibly narrow it down to ... this is pretty sad---i really loved dom deluise--especially in his comedic roles . hello , supercalifragilistic ! hope you like it here ... i have several . first , in terms of ideal looks , there's tom welling : in terms of charisma and ... i know you might not want to share a great deal about yourself , but why exactly do you feel like you have nothing in common with anyone else ? are you isolated a lot ? how often do you interact with ... the fact that we're aware of this nonsense is a good sign itself---everytime i overhear someone getting all riled up about something they heard on the news i almost always interupt and remind them ... i actually believe that there is no true purpose to our existence---or if there is , we're not presently able to fathom it . i've thought about this question quite a bit , and a few times i ... i saw the movie back when it first came out . i'm a librarian and i work extensively with teens , so sometimes i feel obligated to keep up with what's new and current so i know what the hell i'm ... oh ... well ... i'm surprised because that wasn't my intention . as i was typing it last night i had an inkling that i was alluding to , and perhaps unconsciously endorsing the here be dragons kind of ... not to rain on anyone's parade here but perhaps serial killers can be considered the ultimate untypables , if you understand what i mean . first of all , something is terribly wrong with their ... i still fell like that , to be honest . right now i'm working as a librarian , but i sometimes feel like i could be doing something else , like teaching english lit at the college level . sometimes i ... alice in chains - - rooster youtube - alice in chains-rooster you and i are alike in that sense . what i wanted to be changed quite a lot as i learned about something else really cool , or yet again something else even cooler , than what i currently wanted to be ... love remains the same - - gavin rossdale youtube - gavin rossdale - love remains the same dude---i don't think you troubles have anything to do with personality types , compatible to yours or otherwise . it might be your attitude , which is highly offensive and certainly not very ... : laughing : sorry for that---hope you don't get a case of heebee jeebies , but hey--there's a cream for that . raistlin also condemned himself to suffer an eternity of daily disembowelment when he saw that his plans for the world would leave it a grey lifeless lump , his stars the only constellation left in ... thanks ! good to meet you , too . i was wondering where they all were around here ... i was ready to start lifting some rocks and hoping some ran out into the open , you know . : wink : phew ! like many of the posters in this thread , i dream in color , with full sound , have cried , laughed and orgasmed in a dream only to wake and feel the after effects of each ; i have composed music in my ... hello robatix : laughing : hello famous eccentric : laughing : : crazy : hello naydra i've tested as more than one type before---the test is only a basic measurement of your strangest traits so i think the fact that you test as more than one type means you're ... hello puera : laughing : hello , greenfrusic ! i think that your favorite fictional characters say a lot about you . i'm curious to see what you say , and how they might or might not relate to you . i'll give some example and share why i think ... hello ! : happy : in honor of national poetry month , i thought we could start a thread that shares and celebrates some of our most personaly favorite or meaningful poems . and though i hate to stifle ... you may call me anything you like so long as it's not demeaning ... : happy : of course . :p roud : ;) i have a younger sister , and i'm the istj of the two of us . i'm not sure what her type is , but i think it might be something like esfj . thanks - - - this was a tough call for me , even after taking the mbti , since i have about an even score on both . but then i realized how much i appreciate facts , actuality and the concrete . i'm ... hello everyone - - i'm kate , new to the forum . i'm an istj with intj tendencies , but i hope you'll like me anyway . : wink : i look forward to the discussion out in the threads . '