enfj's don't think . you are so foolish . im joking . or am i ! when you know the longest conversation you have ever had was with yourself . you had me at ' ello mistake number one . debating people on youtube . people that comment on youtube videos have basically divorced books . your a t . why do you keep using the word feel . i make alot of jokes that sometimes are dead on . it's scary . yes i too have a blank stare face . i hope it helps people leave alone . my friends tell me it looks like i am about to kill somebody . enfjs are not great people . if you want proof . read the title to the thread . get over yourself . don't mean to be rude . you sound like a regular person to me . ever considered drug use . it might help . i want to start my first thread . what should i call it . intps and the rest of the universe . who will win ? my money is on the intp becaus the universe is full of crap . why are people in general good at giving relationship advice , but not really good are taking their own . i beleive it is because when your are on the outside looking in , you can make good logical ... sincerely doubt you guys are even dating someone you have the least bit interest in . humans are simple evil creatures . scrubs . im a cross between j . d . and dr . cox damn pillow . you clearly don't love the person your with if your having thoughts about others . find someone you think is special . if the person your with doesn't blow you away in just about every way then your ... mgs rising questions like what makes you cry . i don't like being an intp but i don't think i would like being stupid either . for all of you to wish to be a little less of an intp just get out of your comfortzones . when you all realize how ... i wear shirts and sweaters backwards or inside out somtimes , but that because they still accomplish the job enough for me not to notice . my friends tell me i have my shirt on the wrong way and i just ... flip a coin like in breaking bad . sometimes potential is just that . you all have a purpose . coming from a godless intp be reassured you all have a purpose . it is not that intp's do not beleive in god , they are just more focused in understanding the lords creation ... 99 % of the time people don't understand what i'm talking about . 1 % of the time they get lucky . why understand something that has no proof . i might as well spend my time trying to understand how the hell a unicorn flies through the air or how the hell it survives with a damn horn coming out of ... philosophy is what idiots come up with when they don't have real answers . the person your stupid enough to ask to marry you is the one you love . duh . i don't trust doctors because their stupid it's a tie everything equally sucks uncovering the secrets of the universe . they can't hide from me fate is calling out to you . will you listen or will you do the smart thing ? ? co worker : how is it going ? terrible co worker : why ? im at work . you don't have friends you have tools . stop complaining about the maintenance . find some real friends or enjoy the oil . there is no way if you really liked her you wouldnt need her to talk.by the way when your okay with them not talking they will probably start talking . i stay really quiet , and the people who don't ask why are you so quiet or what's wrong are my friends . only have a few i have big ears so some guy in middle school called me dumbo and to fly away . i told him maybe i'll go visit his mom . pretty main stream . red dead redemption , wwe 13 , darsiders 2 obviously , gears of war , mgs , mortal kombat , and violent games of that nature this world smart + women = kill it just shut and smile baby if i had known how the world works as a child i would have grown up to be a piece of crap , but can't know the mysterious of the universe at ten , you have to wait six more years . best advice you will ever recieve and its free . be yourself ! for some reason being yourself keeps you from making errors in the eyes of someone who likes even though you see yourself commiting ... it's a long story . i thought that the key to people living a more succesful and blissful life was to put themselves in situations where they would excel . i thought the talents an individual possess ... the questions you asked are the exact questions intps despise . intps have plenty of soul . intps have so much soul they can completely ignore the crap the truly souless are trying to shove down our throat . why don't you want to be in first place they ask . because ... massive amounts of stupidity intps are not cynical . they only care about the truth . the truth hurts . people hurt and thats about the only thing their good at . never really got into math because growing up it was too easy . now i have to pay attention in class for a whole five minutes before i understand the semester loneliness is when the arms around you arent real truth i wear my work black slacks , my work slip resistant shoes , and a polo shirt so it doesn't look like i don't care as much as i don't care to school and anywhere else for that matter i put a timer in my head when it comes to useless information . usually runs about five minutes . i will remember useless information for five minutes and not a second more .