' poker face for sure , accompanied by some sarcasm probably ! but inside i'm running a pretty vivid list of pros and cons starting with asking myself ' do i like them back ' ? i probably know the answer ... 1 . babies are illogical . 2 . nobody is despised who can manage a crocodile . 3 . illogical persons are despised . therefore , babies cannot manage crocodiles . 1 . no interesting poems are unpopular ... well yeah , zero sounds legitimate , but i've found for myself that there are other life forms besides me , who are quite interesting and worth a chance , at least one chance and i tend to give them ... that's why you shouldn't explain to everybody but just the ones you care about and want to keep around : wink : i went in , did my thing and got out and picked up few really valuable friendships from each uni . never though that this had to be the best time of my life . it wasn't bad but also not the best ... don't know about others but for me such questions are really annoying and mostly i do ask back what do you mean ( because i really don't understand what is wanted ) or why do you need to know that ... i try to believe like i believed when i was five ... when your heart tells you everything you need to know . - lucy liu - everything we hear is an opinion , not a fact . everything we see is a ... - relaxed - honest - sincere - reliable - strong can be lot of other things also , among them fun and childish , but wouldn't say these are my main qualities . everything depends on a situation ... exactly , what's normal to me might not be for someone else and vice versa . my grammar should bother you indeed , english is not my first language , more like 4th . i'm surprised i can read or write ... i've been thinking about the detached part also cos i don't feel detached at all , i actually tend to see others much more detached compared to me . maybe it comes down to priorities and what's ... - lack of common sense , intelligence and personal hygiene ; - sloppiness when attention to detail is needed ; - when it takes forever to get a point across , speed of mind is a must ; - wasting my ... not using my time effectively ( that is according to me ) , otherwise i've never been afraid and won't start now ! when i was a kid i loved taking things apart , not breaking but carefully investigating how stuff works . sometimes managed to put it back together also ... later on it was the money aspect of life ... i've been trying to enlighten the ones closest to me by asking them to take some tests and afterwards explaining , that see , ppl are different and i happen to see things and situations bit differently ... i know the feeling , even if i know they know me and won't mind , i still feel bad sometimes . so i'll contact them myself and there will be some forced awkward conversation ... till i actually find ... felt like : shocked : and printing it out to spread the knowledge , like - see , it's not a syndrome ! : happy : but for real , felt like autopsy . wasn't sure should i cry or laugh . by now i'm ok with ... every now and then some new ppl appear into your life and they have no clue regarding your preferences . most of them will disappear shortly with the knowledge that you are one rude person , but some ... you are welcome ! of course you will miss them , but not 24/7 , more like once every few months if you don't see them at all . if you will still be in the same country / city and see them more then once a ... i've been on my own since 16 . long messy story , but if i'd have to do it again then wouldn't change a thing ! the sooner you figure out what makes you tick the more you get out of your life and people ... love is a many splendored thing . love lifts us up where we belong . all you need is love ! : happy : supposedly there's only 2 emotions - love and fear - and all feelings go back to either one or ... been called this and that but yeah , never hypocritical and i kind of like it . in my mind ppl just can't handle the truth and then give labels like arrogant . when i was younger i struggled quite a bit ... i've thought about it a lot and there's nothing i can do to force myself into something which just isn't what i want . i've had enough relationships ( short and long ones ) to understand , that i'll ... i'm quite ignorant when it comes to whatever issues i may have this includes being sick . i somehow feel i'm above everything that should hurt me and nothing can possibly take me down . of course then ... scared ? : laughing : no ! : ninja : and of course i can feel stuff . nothing against rational compromise . criteria for a fair one would be that the compromise is equal for both sides , both should feel they made a fair trade so to say . different people have different ... can't live without music . my first cassette ( yes that was some time ago ) had nirvana on one side and mozart on the other , i listened to it days and nights with my light blue walkman : happy : after ... view photos on a computer in secret ... quite long but worth it i think : email exchange between parent and school chaplain . you might be onto something here : laughing : when somebody who i respect and see as level above me intelligence wise tells me job well done then it means more to me than 10 non-experts saying omg , u r the best ever ... even if they are ... makes me laugh cos i can relate and if i can't relate then i can easily imagine the situation . sometimes in a perfectly serious situation i get these ridiculous bursts of laughter internally cos for ... sounds legitimate ! logical enough . you may want to check this thread out : happy : looks like we're lazy as hell . but i guess that's one of the reasons we're also efficient or it looks like we are . for example it is so very hard for me ... sustaining any kind of routine without some sort of visible end point is quite challenging i've found . but i do have a strong drive in me to deliver ( probably just to prove myself i'm able to do it ) ... i use to take it really seriously and the reactions were more devastating then they maybe should of been ( probably has to do also with my personal story / history ) . now i mostly walk away cos there's ... : laughing : at some point i actually felt that i am being arrogant to think that only i can take that thing where it's suppose to be . but with time i've seen that in most cases that's exactly how ... why unfortunately ? it's really not that much fun as it may look like : laughing : the only theory that amazed me actually was graphology , i couldn't believe how accurate it was regarding the stuff that's inside me ! as a result changed some letters ... i was amazed because all ... well : laughing : i have strong faith only in myself . i'm just really curious when it comes to all kinds of systems and since i so very much want to understand myself ( why i feel and act the way i do , ... yes but in most cases the only way to tell do i have any feelings for someone would be to see inside my head / heart . you'd have to know me pretty well to understand that something is going on . i can ... you like intjs probably cos sag is also pretty blunt and often times has no clue why ppl around them can't take the truth ( well their view of it anyway ) : happy : also sag and 5 give you the need for ... 199706 1997 14 199722 1997 30 199738 how do you want to be seen by others or society , to the degree ? i want to be seen as i am - sincere unlimited being . what kind of role do you want to play in others ' lives ? roles ... , i've been ... somebody once told me i'd make a damn good criminal but i'll always choose the cops side . thinking like them helps to catch them , so why not know exactly how and why , which doesn't mean i'll act like ... well put . there's very few people who understand completely when i'm trying to explain something which consists several parts . in my mind i see it all nice and clear and working like it should but as ... i think she's not kidding if she's intj . if i say out loud go away , then for sure i'm not kidding . just explaining my view now cos that's the only view i can explain , not sure do all intj females ... for sure isfp suits much better with sag and 11 : happy : i come off as this quite clever but arrogant , blunt , emotionless thing . i guess it's a good shield to keep unwanted away . there's plenty ... '