' my dreams are rare but fun , and a little mystical too . they're typically like a storybook or film to me , and usually , revolve around what i had done before i went to sleep . for example , one night ... er , first , i think your girlfriend is a little unhealthy in not really lending a listening ear to what you have to say and compromising with you on certain things . because even if what you talk to ... i was quiet . like almost mute throughout my childhood . i never really felt like i had anything important to tell to anyone which got a lot of adults frustrated because they wanted to know how i felt ... i honestly keep a journal of my dreams because they fascinate me . it's only in my dreams do i feel the rawness of my emotions and not the usual numbness of it . tried to keep a diary about my feelings ... i think ... the only time i lie is when i don't feel being lectured or giving important information away that might make someone else unhappy . hmmm , it's a little weird for me . i want to be an ... i like kids . well , i had no choice since i'm the oldest out of so many kids . with my 3 siblings , plus 11 other cousins that live really nearby , i had to take care each and every one of them as my ... n e v e r if i marry , it's because i made total sure that the person i'm marrying would be worth being with my entire life . and even if we fall out of love , we can work it out , but cheating is not ... breast . it's the easiest to eat in my opinion . i have to gnaw the drumstick too much to get every piece off of it . and i didn't even bother reading the rest when i spied heart on the list . i'm not an infp but i'll contribute anyway . scar from the lion king hades from hercules / the greek mythology in general claude frollo from the hunchback of notre dame bellatrix and draco malfoy ... firemoon i see everyone more social than me , lol . especially ixfxs because you guys know when to say the right things at the right time . me on the other hand ... not so much . i suck at any fe ... similar , but not the same . : laughing : i think what makes us different is that you're more social than me . i'm too much of a loner . but it's no wonder you like psychology ! apparently , in an ... istp . haven't gotten it yet but i'm planning to get a b . a . in psychology and a b . s . in forensics . both forensics and psychology are the only subjects in which i remember the smallest and ... istp here . happy with my results . i actually want to get into the forensic science and criminology field , only because it fascinates me . ... istp . far east . i hate repetition , but i know i can eat far east foods for a longer time than any other food . also , because i love sushi . after far east , i would have chosen mediterranean . a ... well ... i'm an outsider istp who stumbled upon this thread , intrigued . but i see that all types are welcome , so here's my two-cents on the topic . for me , it goes like ti-se-ni-fe . i love my ... i think the last movie i watched was kong : skull island . it was ok . more action-packed than the last one . the last one had me feeling the feels , so i liked it more than the new one . although the ... i have an enfj sister , and growing up , i hated her . reason being because 1 ) she was my sister , she's supposed to be annoying , but the biggest reason was 2 ) she was so spoiled and needy that she ... yeah , i don't find that to be fun . it's just a waste of time to me . but i know how to have fun in my own way . i like hanging out with friends , doing dare-devil activities and taking a cruise ... i hate hate haaate pictures with me in it because a ) i'm never smiling in them or b ) i look so stupid . i hate how i look in every picture : mellow : but this is the only one that i can say that i ... littleorange now , i'm starting to see that she probably doesn't care about you . you don't really do those sorts of things to someone you care about . like what gte said about asking her why she's ... i only know one intp , so i'll be using her as an example . so , my intp friend tends to daydream more than seeing what's going on around her , unlike me , the istp , that's always checking things out ... never gone to one , and don't plan on going to one either . i feel like i'm going to be really drained and disappointed if i go to one , so to avoid that , i'll just not go . i feel like that if the author didn't have an istp friend , then they wouldn't have glorified the upside of the istp personality so much . because i'm not that much of a generous and kind person , like ... i've only fought those that were bullying either me or my friends . both verbally and physically . i have no patience with people that shove their weight around thinking themselves superior to the ... i'm starting to realize that this is less of an istp thing and more of an xsxp thing . i have a lot of estps , esfps and istps in my family who do the pacing and contemplating . my esfp aunt will ... oh my god , the phone thing . i do that so much . i get the phone and walk around my entire house while talking . actually , its not just me , but my estp cousin and esfp brother and aunt do this too . my ... lol , i hate the mornings . i literally do everything i want to do super late at night , starting at midnight . sleep late , and wake up late . that's how i roll , and how my grandmother and aunt roll too ... well the fact that you're a girl would automatically make you more emotional than a guy istp . although there's nothing wrong with being emotional ( just don't take it overboard , that's all ) . : kitteh : never met one , but from what i've heard they sound hilarious and insanely smart . would totally want to meet one , but as far as becoming friends or lovers is , i'm not sure if it'll happen since i'm ... same as gte , i think you're still in the friendzone . it isn't until he spills everything from his mind , both good and bad , that you can say you're close to him . just be yourself around him , and if ... someone mentioned it at some point in another thread ( too lazy to find them ) , but it was a discussion between two istps about late night ponderings . is it just me , or do other istps sometimes stay ... i didn't mean to say it in a mean way ~ ! it just ... came out of my mouth without me realizing it . i didn't think it was that insulting because muffins taste great , so i thought the comment was ... i wish i physically looked as weird as the dancers in this video . my life would be 100 % more fun if i was the only one that could combust and then become whole again . ... a friend told me this morning that she had a nose job when she was 18 . i asked her what she looked like before and why she did it . she said she was insecure , and showed me her old photos . another ... ugh , almost all my teachers in high school were like that . my speech teacher especially . ironically , she had the worst speaking and listening skills in the entire school . people hated her , to the ... my isfj mom finds me funny sometimes and brutally offensive most of the time . even though i'm not kind , she appreciates the fact that i'm honest because she's been through people who she trusted and ... when it comes to things i care about , i'm always on time , but when it comes to events and classes i don't care for , i'm always late . but only for 15 minutes . but to not saying anything after 2 hours ? ... i bluntly told my enfj sister that her favorite dress looks small on her and must be because she got fat from eating so many sweets . i jokingly told her she looked like a pink muffin , and she started ... tbh , i've met in real life almost every single mbti type ( excluding infp , infj and enfp ) and everyone of them displayed some sort of arrogance . i mean , everyone thinks their ways are better than ... i voted estj . they may be arrogant but i don't particularly see that as a major flaw . a flaw , but not a big one to me . i also find it funny that no one voted for isfj ( watch how the minute i write ... 20 minutes plus the other 15 ! wow , that's pretty amazing . i'm subtly impressed . i can hardly go on 5 minutes with the wipers on before the wiping sounds start to annoy me . dear enfp professor , you're ok as a person . but you suck as a teacher . like really , it shouldn't be this hard to teach art and no reason to complicate the entire thing . assign us assignments , take ... lol , that made me laugh for a good minute . : laughing : how long did it take for them to figure it out ? or did you have to tell them in the end ? sports that involve breaking a leg or a hand , or stumbling and falling and getting trampled , yeah i don't mind that . but sports like hockey , where players that lose start seeing red and beating each ... i've never flirted with anyone before , but many of my friends tell me they're jealous how i can easily get their crushes to become close to me in just a few minutes , even though all i did was be ... i eat something or do something , and i've already forgotten what i was mad about . sounds like such a hassle , to keep a grudge against someone for long periods of time . i'd rather watch * shudders * ... i hate copy cats . my intp friend finds this funny , but i hate em . especially when they're copying me because that's all my esfp brother and enfj sister do , copying me . i yell at them , go make your ... i can't pinpoint an exact face in my mind of an esfj i've met before , but the description of being needy , talkative , close-minded and too sweet ( to the point it's suspicious ) definitely sounds like a ... it's been four years , and still , no estj has written anything lol dear estj professor , i need more professors as funny , goofy and professional as you . i'm sick and tired of professors that ... literally all of the above because plane rides are boring af . especially when i'm going overseas to another country , then i try to just sleep or watch movies a lot more than anything else ... '