' 1 . vet , doctor ( md ) , medical scientist , clinical psychologist , molecular biologist / geneticist 2 . medical science ( major was infectious diseases ) 3 . medicine ( md ) that's perfectly fine ; i only require the respect of those that matter . lol . frankly , a good novel is determined by the time and effort invested , the personal limitations of the author , and the ... i fear that if i were to shine a light upon you , i would not enjoy what i would see . although , to put it briefly , one is purely acquired empirically and subjectively , whilst the other is not . i think you're confusing the concept of knowledge and the concept of experience . i think entjs are trendsetters when it comes to conservative modes of fashion . i don't know why , but this thread makes me shudder . the story is too one sided , and it seems to me that communication just sucks in this relationship . i mean , you start off saying that he's ... i never really feel the urge to take control of something that is clearly under control , unless i know i can do a lot better . perhaps your friend is just better than you , or maybe your friend is ... 1 . * shrug * i prefer displays of affection in person . texts are so impersonal . i think you're more likely to appeal to an entj when you say something in person . 2 . not for me ; i always respond ... why don't you get someone to film you to see how you act around others ? you might be coming off a little cold in the sense that you're friendly , but in a polite way , which kinda puts people off . ... i only enjoy the good ones . i do enjoy pointless babbling when it comes to friends because it's always light-hearted and fun . but only with good friends . depends on how much thought they've put into it . it's usually pretty obvious when someone lacks depth in insight when they give advice . simply experiencing something doesn't necessarily equate to ... nastycat > executiveturtle jus ' sayin ' . p . s . welcome reading this thread has unfortunately made my life slightly more inefficient . thanks . it's not that hard ... lol what ... the fuck ? or what the hell ? ! please , stop talking cool * walks off * did you just die a little on the inside ? type me next ! damn , i really liked the idea of bombing a ceo's office . > . > i'd have to have a passion for knowledge to get to where i'm at . a ) only if it's useful b ) yes that is definitely wreckless because nothing was wrecked ! i can't really recall anything other than a brawl that i got into . that was pretty reckless of me , but i was unscathed . my friends , ... i love this thread ! i've got the art if war on my phone . lol ! sent from my gt-i 9100 using tapatalk i'm an entj , and everyone at work says i'm the nicest guy around ! therefore , all entjs are the nicest people around . love , nastycat i love how people come to our sub-forum just to post ... i'm a cancer ... derp . i only like boxes when there's a present inside for me ( and if the present is something that i actually want ) . you are brazil ? whoaaa hahaha ... damn . i wish that i didn't miss them . those sorts of posts are quite entertaining sometimes ... hmmm ... it seems some posts have been removed . * sigh * i really wanted to know what was going on ! trivial matters take up so much time ... flamethrowers are totally in :D i usually tear apart arguments by probing with a lot of questions . i'm more on the counter-offensive rather than the offensive . my hands are sticky from reading it , therefore the thread should be stickied . depends on who . if the hundreds of others are comprised of major criminals who show no sign of getting better , then i would simply let them all die . if everyone was innocent , but the one ... that was a good read ... @_ @ when i see an old homeless man on the street begging , i ... ignore it . i don't mean to be heartless , but there are services available to these people . when i walk past a child who's smiling , i ... is he trying to dry fuck whatever the heck that thing is ? the secret of happiness is freedom ; the secret of freedom is courage - thucydides during the first period of a man's life the greatest danger is not to take the risk - soren kierkegaard i ... i tend to be able to pick the best course of action without really having to form a silly list . sometimes , upon reflection , i realise just how extensive my plans are and how they manage to cover and ... well , too bad ? aside from not thinking about the future , it's pretty much the same for me . i think about the future all the time ! sent from my gt-i 9100 using tapatalk i don't feel ambitious ... but i'm probably one of the most ambitious ones here . lol same here ... i don't know why ... what misterliver is saying is that he has a prove to me that you're competent attitude instead of having any real expectations . i'm like that . people can tell me that they're good at something , ... just the entj subforum . i've pretty much learnt all that i need to know , and the debating forum is pretty boring now . i used to be known on this forum for my biting nature in debates . hahaha i like to cuddle ? o_o i always asked when i was younger . i knew the consequences were probably not worth the risk ( my parents were excessive in their punishments ) . nowadays , i just state what i'm going to do ... and do ... that's my avatar . > . > except it's cuter on me because i am so much more awesome . monkey king summoned me D: i just start training my body so that i have more energy for when i return to my productive state . right now i'm preparing for the final hurdle to get into med school . it's actually quite fun ! nonsense . there is no competition . the trick is to take better care of yourself emotionally . :P oh god , i hate small talk in large volumes . how do people do it ? ! :'( this is time consuming ... :'( '