that's how we ' activate ' among other people . we are extroverts after all though all alone we can be very , very different from what you usually see us as omagad then who ? 7 i guess though i still don't believe i'm introverted maybe this test just can't see my se properly skip me shinsei as usual . shinsei yep atamagasuita dunno uh-huh eie yes intj ili intj 710050 have you considered istp by any chance ? oh no-no-no , honey , do not ' convert ' mbti to socionics and vice versa . firstly because officially esi stands for isfj and not isfp , and secondly because it doesn't really work out like that , these ... infp all over i don't really think so . tests like that are too bias by their nature . 16personalities isn't good at all , it types by letters and not functions , which is just stupid and instantly incorrect . also ... that's why you never trust tests and type yourself / get typed by people . that's everyone's problem . infj i don't know you , but the avatar is sooo istp infp yes , you do seem to be an intp . i like you . entp ile unknown sounds nice well i've never been a cheerleader ... cuz we didn't have a cheer squad at our school and i do enjoy alone time people around me are really uninteresting > crazy outgoing party animals e , se > hot popular cheerleaders e , se again > bully the nerd e , fi , tert te > shallow apparently all s are stereotyped as shallow > selfish attention seekers fi , ... isfp well infp is an infp everywhere ... sli 100 % damn right i meant they wouldn't consider putting her on avatar , yeah , sorry for misunderstanding i myself am not really sure about her type , so i won't debate she might be one , but no real-life istj would consider her imo infp still seems accurate not entirely sure with a ne-se part . though i can't really relate to ne . i guess i'm like 80 % sure . who else would've put ai on an avatar entj isfp i believe yes intp enfj jonneh 1 . sounds like every other person to me , but probably low t function 2 . fe 3 . fe 4 . low ne ? 5 . introverted isfj is the verdict . 1 . i hate straight roads . whenever i see alleyways ... i kinda feel an infp-ish vibe , but maybe entj ? entj well i don't know , you can just trust his / her opinion if you want . if you don't know yourself , how are we supposed to ? just leave it be for a time being or push yourself to analyze your ... well then , your situation shows that it's impossible to be typed 100 % correctly by other people on some forum , especially by non-professionals lol . start learning functions and stuff yourself to at ... well if you want to come to some kind of a conclusion and figure your type out once and for all , why not indulge into research yourself ? of course you can keep asking other people for their opinion , ... entj inferior fi ? naaah istp i don't know you , but probably wrong