' obviously , this means you're mentally deficient . here , i'll prove it . kidding . this is the internet--specifically , a ... my thoughts on trump .  ooh ! ooh ! i know this one ! two kinds of judgement and i can answer it with an essay by one of my favorite essayists . as for worrying about the future , i've done plenty of that , and i find it ... i don't mind text-based smileys , and i use them sparingly , but i think the image ones are kinda tacky . i'll use exclamation marks , but not more than one per sentence like some people do ... pon farr ? what a scary question . i don't even like to think about what would hurt me , and judging from the number of off-topic or snarky replies to this thread , i'm not the only one . however , it's also an ... estp ( glances up at type ) close ? uh , video ? am i missing something ? anyway , thanks :) i think our emotional energy can be powerful if we can learn to use it , but of course that is by definition awfully difficult for us . apathy ... i like array or clutter . those fit pretty well . nope , don't worry , you're on to something . here , read this . intp - chapter 4 : busting the myth that intps are not emotional eerie , isn't it ? i'm definitely like that . sdsinger - - cute ! they're attractive little ... logos ? i don't know quite what i'd term these . i particularly like the infj one . looks like you put a lot of effort into those . oh hey , look , someone cleaned up the sticky threads section on the intp subforum since the last time i was here . silly people ! everyone knows that a group of intps is called a convention . this may have a modifying subspecies label applied to it , such as star trek convention , in which one can observe many ... been there , done that . still kinda there , actually . you're wanting freedom that we teenagers just don't get easily . you're wanting the kind of friendships that you don't really get until college , ... i have been diagnosed with depression and take medication for it . not severe depression , and not a high dose , but if i don't take the meds , i still notice and it makes me think less clearly , sleep ... i got 64 % driver , 64 % analytic and 58 % amiable the first time , went back and changed one answer to another equally valid option , and then it gave me 64 % analytic , 64 % amiable and 58 % driver . i guess ... also , lol , intp isn't a disease . xd oh , and you're 14 . guys your age usually don't even have dating on their radar as a thing they might want to do . just install some dumb anime dating sim on your ... everybody will give you a different answer . the only way you'll find out how it'll be for you is to wait and experience it . why ? because the idea that your experience is already set in stone is ... i hope you aren't afraid i'll be judgmental of you and leave or anything like that . even if you do something i don't agree with , i will always care about you . i said something along those lines ... hmmm ... it didn't specify much about that . it said you can conceal them--does that make them invisible or intangible ? big difference . i would say that just making them invisible isn't concealing ... extraordinary power : grants you the ability to fly and / or levitate . you never grow tired . you may conceal your wings . hello ? why isn't anyone picking up on this ? if you sleep 8 hours a night ... i'm guessing , a hot one . being chased by girls who like hot dudes . which is most girls . and if that's why he's being chased , i'm going to go out on a limb and say he's probably caught on and that's ... hehe . for me , it's just that i don't have to pretend i'm all bouncy and enjoying myself any longer ... once i drop the intp chameleon act when i walk in my front door , it's like , aw who am i kidding , ... usually i can be out at a big friendly thing of some sort , and if i like / know the people well enough , i can be super friendly ... it's when i get home that i go ... when i get sick , it usually goes like this ... > get sick > internal debate about how debilitating the virus is , and whether it justifies missing whatever lecture i'm dragging myself to > gets ... the bushes rustled , causing the intps pitching their tents to brace themselves , their hands flying onto swords and spellbooks alike ; they were prepared for any chance of an istj or , forbid it , an ... just in case no one else has posted this one yet ... 201738 i would probably do the weird , awkward thing and go , why ? without stopping to think . the surprise would make me instantly question without remembering to be friendly . if he delivered an honest , ... at 4:10 - - picard . answered instantly . fair enough . like , that guy with the sweater tied around his waist ... that's something women sometimes do when they're on their period and should never ... the reference was an anime reference . specifically , i was referencing l . lawliet of death note ( a well-known intp ) and his tendency to say things along the lines of , i'm almost sure ... but there's a ... i wouldn't say she's looking for praise--or , probably not consciously if she is . but i do know what she is doing , because i've done it , and what you've seen from her lines up . intps tend to hold ... heh . and the chances of my finding a male infj who corresponds with my values are ... ? well , there is a chance . ... a chance . male infj and female intp : this pairing couldn't get a whole lot ... nope , i'm afraid you've got that the wrong way around . ti is the analytical one , remember ? ti is all metacognition and examining your own thoughts and behaviors and attitudes . fi is the one that ... yes , i'm here . i'm waiting for an actual point when i can actually spend an hour replying to your questions . i don't like to answer people halfway , and i'm in college , so free time ... in fact , i have ... it is sought after . of course , it depends a lot on what skills you come out with , what you've made the effort to learn even if it isn't required , what certifications you've gotten , and whether you ... hm , i don't know about whether they'd always evaluate your question first . that might vary from person to person . i think some infps would probably go along with your hypothetical questions for ... that's more ne than fe . it's spontaneous . if you came from the moon , you'd still be able to do that--you don't need to know anything about culture to use it , which one can't say about fe . and a ... i would say intj , then . i think intps are more patient , but intjs are more persistent . intps are slower to get angry or frustrated , i think , and more likely to calmly approach things and sort them out before getting ... i'm with agelastos . never felt the need to rebel against my parents , but nonconformist i am . except ... most intps are nonconformist anyway . we can be totally unique nonconformists together ! ... i don't know if that's relevant ... that's more of a personal ethics thing . i think ti would be the most likely to say that , though . infps don't really use either . te is inferior for them , ... hm , i don't know . you seem awfully close to intp to me ... can you explain ni ? do you understand it well ? it often seems that injs are the only ones who really understand it . i recently wrote ... that's pretty accurate , but make absolutely sure you don't mix up feeling and emotion . that's where a lot of infp stereotypes come from . fi draws on the inner kernel of basic humanity that everyone ... people who literally taste words , or literally see sound , or literally see words in color , are called projector synesthetes . people who just know that wednesday is medium sky blue and that 2 is ... read ender's game and the little prince . people are a part of objective reality . if you want your logic to be accurate , you must take people into account . they're difficult to work with , but you ... i just deleted 930 thread subscriptions from my control panel . all this time i've had the server saving subscriptions to every thread i've ever posted in ... i can actually use that tool now for what ... * gathers composure * i really should know by now to avoid this sort of thread . dratted all-or-nothing inferior fe . * sniff * but seriously , guys . hugs . specially you , thismodernlove . thank you for ... aw , you guys . i just want to say--you don't need to prove yourselves to us . we intps have the same issue communicating our ideas sometimes , so yeah ... and i don't know about the rest of my kind , ... i'm glad you found something you liked :D '