' i do this but my violent reaction is to give them very dirty looks . but i am not intj . only close . :) was it for me ? oooh because then i would feel special . i'm sending you an email soon . i remember what your last name was . and the one before that . and i don't remember that one you had for , ... i don't . sometimes that's the only way to release it , i think . specifically when we are like this : giving in to the pain , i think , has the same effect on me as walking barefoot through the ... hahaha i totally understand this . i have a whole brother and a whole sister . :) i'm the oldest child . i like being the oldest child except that my sister was 6 when i went to college . i think we understand each other better than ... i love this . really . because i feel it . it's as if it's written to me , but as if i'm feeling it at the same time . does this make sense ? it's like what i tell myself . no , i've always been this way . i notice almost immediately when a guy likes another girl though . i've freaked out a few guy friends with this ability before . one guy used to make me guess who he ... i'm clueless when a guy likes me . or maybe guys just don't like me . i'm not sure . sometimes i realize it five years later . my gut instinct has never been wrong , but i consider my gut instinct to be a very rare thing . there are things that i sense sometimes , but they are sometimes wrong . but once every couple of years or ... i'm not sure that i'm going to say that her attacks are legitimate . but i can see myself in them , which makes me think that some of what she writes about can be characteristic of infjs in a sense ... all of this sounds as if it could easily be your enneagram . the infj is not always the peacemaker , but the 9 usually is . hopeless romanticism could be infj or a 4 in the tritype . i'm aware that not ... 288 have fun with that testosterone , boys . i'm going to bed . 288 * sigh * 288 still not sure why i'm here . 288 disregard my siggy while i'm in this thread , okay ? 284 this could get boring fast . 282 ... although if you have both a 9 and a 4 in your tritype it could make you resemble infj a little more than the average intj . have you compared te and fe descriptions ? i have a 9 and a 4 in my ... hahaha that's like my best friend and her dutch husband ... except ... i'm 5 ' 4 and i know she's at least a couple of inches shorter than me ! there is no such type as 9w4 . :P physically , i think my type is based on height . i have never been attracted to a guy taller than 5 ' 8 or shorter than 5 ' 5 is this strange ? lol i'm not sure if i have ever met an enfj before . i think i have though , and i got along with him very well . i wasn't attracted to him at all though . everyone liked him , and i'm more likely to go for ... hahaha kevin , you said it better than the rest of us . it's the only thing that's missing in most of our lives . i'm pretty sure i've never been attracted to a guy who's full of himself , but to each his own . : wink : wow . i come off completely differently depending on my surroundings . i can come off as very outgoing and happy or i can come off as very soft-spoken and quiet . i can come off as self-confident or ... museums ! libraries ! coffee shops ! water parks ! my four favorite places . you picked two ! i also like solitary walks , but not solitary vacations as others do . i think i would not know what to do ... this thread amuses me because i had a conversation a few days ago on another thread , then i saw this yesterday . conversation i had on thread , infj girls , what are you attracted to ... i agree . and that's the second thing that tips me off that a guy is intj . the first is the depth in their eyes . it's quite amusing too . one sat next to me in the coffee shop a couple of weeks ... after finding out my type i just started to note or be aware of the ways in which i acted like my type and the ways in which i didn't . once i noticed which ways i leaned more towards infj , i started ... i've never been there myself . i've known a lot of dutch people as well and i do think they speak english better than others i have met . your accents are easier to understand , at least . i've been told ... hahaha yes , i have this issue . it's a serious problem when i'm feeling with a person who is depressed , because then i begin to become depressed . :P and my best friend in the whole world lives in ... no no no . too hairy is gross . i should edit and say that old school british ( 1800 ' s ? ) sideburns can be sort of hot at times . i'm not a facial hair kind of girl . i do enjoy some nice sideburns from time to time though . sln and btmangan - i pretty much related to your entire conversation back there . has anyone noticed that most of us in this thread are infjs ? has anyone considered the possibility of breaking ... when i'm spacing out people think i'm angry or sad . hahaha not so hairy . but not one of those guys who shaves and waxes his chest and flexes his muscles all the time . gross . i think it could easily . here's the problem : racist ideas were considered common knowledge at the time . many , probably most , people believed that certain races were superior to others . i have read ... darkstar reminded me of my unending love for lifehouse . hahaha my favorites now are storm , disarray and learn you inside out . but i really love most of their music . doesn't mean that i drink the stuff ! most of us don't , actually . on rare occasions i drink decaf . i put some college , but your question is legitimate . in some surveys / polls , some college can imply that only a portion of the education was completed and that you are not currently in school ... what the hell ? hahahahahahaha best comment i read today . thanks . he just doesn't want to think you are the same type as him . this is obvioiusly an enneagram difference . you are so intj . haha aren't you , like , seventeen ? ^ i have the same symptoms when my anemia is bad . coffee does make it worse for whatever reason . i really can't have any caffeine at all . i like the first quote because it amused me . the second of your quotes , not so much . why ? because the second quote is entirely western . it is like western society to think that our way of ... i'm wondering if it would look more like me if you mixed the silent , straight-laced gem with the megaphone . that probably won't make sense to most of you . hahaha ... but i think the combination kind ... i also remember trying to make wings out of fabric . i had a plan in mind to jump off of my roof and fly . then i realized that was a bad idea so i decided that i could fly if i jumped off of the ... i prefer to call them intj . the silent , straight-laced gem this girl is rather shy , quite studious , probably pretty conservative , and usually somewhat attractive in a sort of clean , traditional , classic way . sometimes , her ... i wonder if part of it is because most of us are uncoordinaded and not so much into physical activity then . i'm not a big fan of sweets , but i don't eat well other than my gluten-free diet that i ... '