' easier for whom ? i've already stated that , for me , reading gender neutral language is easier than mentally substituting the correct pronouns in every time i read something . i'd imagine it is for many ... yeah , that's a scenario i'm pretty familiar with . most of the ones i found before were fairly small , and i can't seem to find them again this time . the one major one that peeves me off though is this one : an intp profile especially since it's by ... you're going to make me regoogle , aren't you . :( okay this is mostly just a rant , but i am so sick of reading mbti type descriptions , and seeing them assume that the intp ( or other t ) they're describing is male . it especially pisses me off looking ... i find a friend or , preferably , an so , and rant at them about it . rant rant rant . stupid people ! so annoying . the world is terrible . etc . sometimes i annoy or even scare people with my anger , ... it's true , my results were also very accurate . however , it hardly needs to be pointed out the techniques that can be employed to write something that seems specific , but actually rings true to a lot ... man i am so lazy , you don't even ... more of a cat person myself , though i do have a deep love for german shepherds . we had them when i was a kid , and i think they're just the best dog ever . anything small and yappy i have a very low ... oh god , this happens to me all the time . people think i'm disrespecting them , when as far as i'm concerned , i'm just being polite , if a little distant ( usually out of respect ! ) . it's so frustrating ! ... i suspect it's precisely because intjs are more ordered . as much as we intps value truth , i think an intp is more likely to think yep , that sounds about right to me . i'll use that as my working ... i think most people see me as serious and intense , yes . because this is the front i prefer to put up between myself and the es-ness of the world . they want me to be super friendly bubbly social ... i prefer men i date to be quite sensitive , yes . i've dated guys who act like they don't give a crap . turns out they ... actually didn't give a crap . surprise ! i've only been with one guy who would cry ... it means we're intelligent ... in the pants . i'm not especially afraid of death . i used to be when i was a teenager , but that was mostly because i wasn't really enjoying life properly . i probably will be afraid of it again as i get older , but ... it's one of the many things i've thought about doing , in a maybe i should try that one day ... kind of way . however , almost every guy i've been attracted to or dated has been into martial arts . i ... as an intp with many f-like traits , i can relate . all i can say is ... stop worrying . it's just a personality test . it's just one letter , really . and you're a whole person - - one category in a ... oh wow , intps are allowed to be bit clingy ? when i really really adore someone , i am like ... you are so awesome , be around me all the time , kay ? :D ( except i also still need space , at the same time ... i'll generally use a meh when i actually do have quite a strong reaction or opinion on something , but i already know the other person isn't going to like it . meh is easier than i believe you are ... mantis , thanks for the link to that study , i could relate to almost all of it . it really doesn't surprise me that intp women are so unliked . the qualities that i most prize in myself tend to be the ... you've all heard of nerd baiting , right ? congratulations , you've all been intp baited . :P the dust bunny on the previous page . :P before that though , probably when the guy i'm seeing posted a link to a youtube vid on his facebook , that had a lego robot that turned into a bridge ... haha , this is exactly my dating technique in a nutshell . > _ < i am a shameless flirt when i want to be . haha , no worries , the internet is an excellent place for venting . :) yeah . i don't stay indoors all the time because i'm shy or intellectually curious . it's because i'm so attractive that , were i to find myself in a location too overly populated , there'd be too many ... pfft . i do this all the time . the sj is the one telling me to stop wasting time and get on with the shopping . :P hahaha , that description of his activities made me laugh , because it's exactly how i spend almost all of my time . i know you're not asking for advice , but i'm going to offer some anyway . :P how ... it's true there are disadvantages , but actually ? it's pretty awesome . any naturally occuring group ( ie . the human race ) will contain variation . splitting that group into subgroups ( ie . mbti types ) will still result in variation within those subgroups . i believe that ... as long as it's someone whose opinion i value , then i love it . seriously , i could just swim in compliments all day . screw modesty , i want to hear how wonderful i am . :P excelsio , that sounds like such a fun and interesting life . :p roud : it would depend entirely on the kind of work , for me . something where you get to look at different things every day ? awesome . mind numbing monotony like everything i've done in a lab , ever ? no thanks . i've known 3 other intps . two of them are some of my favourite people to talk to and spend time with , i rather like them . the other one i get along fine with , in an impersonal way . oldest . i have one sister who is 6 years younger than me , so i was an only child for the first 6 years of my life . from what my sis and i can work out , we think she's an entj . ( i am rather proud that ... infp , definitely . i had a lot of infp traits as a kid that have been somewhat burned off by life . when i'm at my most vulnerable i turn into a confused infp . i relate well to entps in general , ... i've come to realise that i'll never be successful in jobs that require me to pretend to not be an intp the whole time . like when i was trying to do waitressing ( hahahaha ... * explosion * ) . so , i'm ... yep , i think that's the case for most intps . most of us aren't really the emotionless robots some of the less mature intps like to believe they are . no you . :P ... or i could have just said that . xd certainly a lot of people think i'm smart , and in classes i have often been the one who knows all the answers without having to study . i'm not a genius . i wouldn't even say i'm intellectually ... ignored , defriended , never speak to them again . easy . or , in the case of them being a close lifelong friend , exactly as above , but instead of easy , read extremely painful , but done anyway . or , you know , they could say oh , what's that book about ? what are you studying ? and actually engage a fellow human being on an intellectual and personal level ... wait no that's crazy talk ! your one ... just to clarify , i never said i changed everything about myself . but it's kind of hard not to be aware of whether a certain behaviour fits the type or not , and i think it's inevitable that that ... just gone 3:22 am and i'm still not in bed , despite not getting much sleep lately . i blame everyone on this forum for being too darn interesting for me to stop reading . in my teens i had no sense of fashion at all , due to both confidence issues and my controlling mother being the one with the money . i just got boring mainstream stuff that was also comfortable ... infps are my favourite people to be friends with . i can connect to them on a deep level ( or at least the illusion of depth ) in a way i can't with other thinkers . they're just so open and honest , they ... for the record , my comment about intps lacking tact was about me . it was my way of apologising for being so abrupt in my comment . that said , while i wish i had found a better way of phrasing it , i ... guilty as charged . :d ry : i only do it a little bit though . it's mostly because i can never really be satisfied that i've found the right type . the biggest conflict for me is whether i might ... i'm not confident enough to persue . i want the assurance of already knowing that they're interested before i make myself vulnerable . i could care less seems to be a us thing . i usually encounter it online , from people i either know or have a pretty good idea are from the us . here in australia we say i couldn't care less , and ... '