' : laughing : everything about this screams 5 . your post basically sums up my life , on both a general level and a micro-level ( i . e . day-to-day basis ) . definitely 5 . that is pretty accurate . i've done just that on multiple occasions , regardless of attractiveness . yeah , haha . i think what happens ( for me anyway ) is that i get super intense in the initial stages of conversing with this potential friend / love and then i kind of disappear and withdraw and they get ... it's only unbearable if it's unreciprocated . ( which is all the time , lol ) . ugh . short answer : absolutely . it's kind of ridiculous to be honest . i don't have a ' moderate ' switch . i'm either detached and pretty unconcerned with people i know , or i am obsessed as fuck . same goes for learning and ... yep yep yep , can totally relate . the only logic i have for it ( because no-one else around me seems to get so obsessive like i do , though , if they did they obviously wouldn't tell me , but just a ... i agree with more or less everything you have said here . especially the bold . i don't have much else to add because you have pretty much already summed it up , haha . : unsure : re : the bold ... i can relate to this . i yearn for intense relationships , but i rarely put myself in a position to attain them . it is a constant source of frustration . a sense of feeling trapped within ... a c c u r a t e interesting and unexpected to see 5w4 so high ... sp / sx 1 ) how do you typically interact in a group ? this is dependant upon a few things : how well i know the people in the group , what sort of setting i'm in etc .. if we define ' group ' as ... l o l i don't get it : rolleyes : i feel like what we often identify as narcissism is more aptly ( simply ) referred to as a healthy level of ' self-love ' and ' confidence ' . i feel like there is a voice in a lot of us that tells us that ... type 1 : ... great idea . i have often wondered the same thing . i will look forward to seeing the results . i would appreciate it if you didn't take screenshots of me whenever i forget to deactivate my webcam . : laughing : but seriously , this pretty much sums it up for me . because you're a decent human being . not insulting people . my experience with all the types is limited unfortunately . i have had most irl experience with 9s , 7s , 6s , and 8s . as has already been mentioned on this thread , theoretically , i can understand every ... is it a question of saving people or killing people ? they are two very different things . perhaps i say these things way too often : hmmm . fascinating how interesting and why's that ? hehehehehheh >:) something i find myself saying on a daily basis : why is everyone so f * * * ing stupid ! ! ? ! ? : angry : infp : this was merely a snippet of the conversation . i gave many hypotheticals , even ones that were relevant to her situation . still , no progress ... too close-minded ! i hope this isn't indicative of all ... a recent conversation i just had : intj : i think it's possible to be objective when it comes to language in a debate infp : really , i don't intj : detachment ; ) infp : what do you mean ? like i ... dem infps . it never ends well though . also infjs i have a definite preference for xnxx over xsxx . woah , my bad , totally didn't even realise that this was in the sj forum . honest mistake . i feel like i've already overstayed my welcome . to answer your question , i have an analytical temperament ... 1 . english extension ( author , reader , social , textual and philosophical theory behind literature etc ) 2 . law 3 . business and accounting are easily learnt , though they don't necessarily hold my ... 2 . entj & infj to my knowledge . strange , solitary , funny , witty , athletic , reflective , self-centred , very observant , ' abnormal ' , frequently spotted both crying and heaving from laughter , overly concerned with good manners , polite , ... comic sans . 1 . before you came to this ' ere site - were you happy with your life ? did you think you were happy , but on reflection , probably weren't ? where would you be now if you hadn't discovered mbti ? not ... i laughed out loud for about 5 minutes . that's hilarious and horrible all at the same time . i love the extent that you go to in order to amuse yourself . : laughing : tater tot , your theatrics make me laugh ( in a good way ) : laughing : definitely ! i wish you the best in your studies too . i have a couple of hurdles to jump over before i can commence the degree ( trying to erase my poor academic history , which was caused by health ... sounds like you got in just in time then ! ;) it's going to take me about 7 years to become an accredited psychologists and that's assuming i maintain a full-time study load all the way through and ... oh , wow that seems a bit easier than here in australia , or at least more direct . is it quite competitive getting into the doctorate ? oh , sorry to hear that . i've been there many times ( failing units due to external issues ) , so i can understand . you are making me feel more confident in my decision . & yes , that is a very wise ... yay ! someone else studying this combination . that's unfortunate about your lecturers . they can certainly have a huge impact on how you absorb information and thus , how well you do on your assessment ... from the people i've spoken to irl , i have a few people saying that it is an unconventional combination and then others saying that they complement each other very well . i am more inclined to agree ... i don't get embarrassed about my music preferences at all . but i can relate to the pressure of putting on a playlist or something and waiting to see the groups reaction , because i am aware that other ... hi all , i have previously dabbled in law and commerce , and while i could handle the work load and comprehend everything with relative ease , this simply was not what i was passionate about . i ... good idea ! i will do just that when i can get access to a computer and keep you posted :) you absolutely must watch hanna , if you haven't already . the chemical brothers composed the entire soundtrack and it works with the film so well . i still just listen to the soundtrack by itself . i'm ... [ intj intruding here ] great thread . i can agree with a lot of what has already been said . i don't think it so much depends on the specifics of your circumstance any more than it does on how you ... this thread isn't necessarily exclusive to enneagram theory , it took me a couple of minutes to decide whether i would post it in the enneagram forum or the mbti forum . it is open to all . i want ... '