' i love taking photos . i'm quite the photographer . however , i avoid pictures of myself at all costs . my plans for world domination are going great ! dear everyone , i will kill you all . you can't . i'm pretty sure jack sparrow is also an intj . what pisses us off ? not much , really . killing our families isn't recommended . stealing our research documents is a bad idea as well . screwing over our plans for the future isn't a bright idea , ... wow ... i do like your username , and so while i strongly dislike your anti-constructionism opinions , i will still give you kudos for a nice username . esfp : isfp : esfj : isfj : ... [ / list ] at the last place i lived , there were seven , including myself . here , there are only a few . [ / list ] at the last place , they were all intelligent people . some were quiet and focused , and ... fire . fire everywhere . great balls of fire . the fire department . thrown into a fire . i'm pretty sure my nemesis is either an intp or an intj , but she loses all cool points for being my nemesis . tiger . tiger all the way within the next few weeks , i'm going to add the nfs ' themes , the sjs ' themes , and the sps ' themes . it can be , if one is intelligent enough to avoid the lies that some people put in wiki articles . not even kidding ; one time , i saw a wiki article that read : george washington died a 23 - year old ... yet , we all died because instead of heeding my warnings , you just made casual conversation of them . oh , well . we're all gonna die , and the intj will go extinct , to the sheer joy of the other 15 ... i still say tiger yes ! i always did like the fate worse than death option for dealing with enemies ! muahahahahahaaa ! ? of course you do . you intps are always looking for ways to weaken our defenses and destroy us . intjs ! times to raise the defensive fortifications yet again and retreat within our walls ! unlike my fellow intjs , i spent several years actually meticulously planning the best way to take over the world . now , i have a battle plan , should i ever feel the need to actually do so . seriously ... what does even mean ... ? wow ... that really is a great way of looking at it ! wonderful deduction , watson ! silence ! you are in the intj forum , and i have the power here ! you must wait until after i have madee mascot decision , and then you will be either proven right , or your ideals will crumble into the ... ... aaaanywaaays ... back to the debate ! anybody else have an opinion ? once again , you misread what i type . i give up on explaining this , because then you'll misread something else , and then internet arguements start , and those are obnoxious . already had one of those ... dr . evil from austin powers . 74623 that's not entirely what i was implying . of course you can't confine an entire group to a single stereotype , but that's how the majority goes . it's in your cognitive functioning , and you wouldn't be ... no ! we've been over this in the past ! not all cats are intps . sneaky , but you still lose , and i'm still kidnapping tigers and using them as a possible intj mascot . in cina and japan , there are extraverts who can learn to be introverts , or so i've been told . that's ... an interesting way of looking at it ... also , make sure not to add the / tpa and / tp plugin , that way infiltrators can't let an enemy army teleport to the city overnight . yes ! very much agreed ! we need to make the main part of our city several hundred thousand blocks away from spawn so that our plans for world domination go undisturbed , and that any attacking armies ... nevermind ... it's not letting me edit it anymore ... oh , well , thanks ! i'll fix it right away ! you're still rooting for the mantis shrimp , aren't you ? i like the posters . nothing fictional . sorry . finally ! another vote for the tiger ! yesss ... alright , i do believe i'll take a shot at this with the nts ( i don't miss ): entj / intj : entj : don't get dating , either . i just decided that if i put dating i'd have a lot less explaining to do . sophomore in high school , never been in a relationship , never been on a date , and i plan on ... the way you put it , it would seem as if you intps are sitting in an interrogation room , and us intjs are peering in through the one-way window ( which represents our ni ) ... interesting . well , i guess ... fair enough . anyways , back to the debate ! i'm going to go on ahead and throw my own opinion out there and say that i believe that esfps are the opposite of intjs , and the intps are the most similar . seriously , it was a close shave . they were so offended , i barely got away infraction-less ... by that , i mean they're extraverts . i thought the same you did , but go look at the post i made on the entj forum . i was genuinely asking , but apparently even nts can get butthurt by others that ... yeah . like i said before , ( at least , i think i said this before ) i'm not too much of a fan of the owl , either , but , unfortunately , others believe that it should be in the poll that will probably pop ... actually , why not ? the possibilities are endless , and if we can find a server with an everything is permitted policy , we could effectively dominate the globe ( figuratively , since mc is flat ) . also , ... ? does that mean way to go ... ? if so , would that be a congratulatory way to go , or a sarcastic way to go ? i'm confused ... so , i was just curious as to which of the other 15 personalities are most similar to the intj . i know which ones are obviously not elligible for either of these titles , so i'm not even going to ... i was genuinely asking . i've read in a lot of places that entjs usually dislike people as much as intjs , and since entjs are extraverts , i got curious and wanted to see your opinions on this . i can ... i'll just make a nice , friendly list for you : 1 : make assumptions 2 : base an argument off of what you think or feel . thinking is only acceptable in a hypothetical scenario debate ... nahh . i'm going to try to avoid that place . '