' threaten my friends , threaten my family , show yourself to be the absolute scum of the earth , show yourself that the world can truly be made a better place without you . make yourself a murderer , a ... oooo , i'll like this thread . 210050 that look can get me going . > . > 210066 love a good snuggle fest . i know it's been said before , and i do apologize if the information is unhelpful . entheos ' s post struck a particular chord in how i live my life as well . we're fiercely guarded creatures , and what ... you're too nice , someone will take advantage of you ! you seem to just float on by , how do you do it ? calm down ! life isn't that much to fret over , stop worrying . speak up more , nobody ... i'm atheist myself , i have trouble following a religious belief , or movement that's partially responsible for the death of millions of people in religious crusades , or witch trials . cold of me ? ... - i've somehow double posted , sorry everyone . d'awww , i've just read the entire thread in .. * checks watch . * twelve hours ! * damn , i need more important things to do with my life . * reading the thread was awesome because .. you buggers kept it ... i am the one who always watch others . i am the one who imagine entire worlds in my head , full of people , life , adventure , and drama . i am the one that's socially awkward . i am the one that ... yeouch , but again , i'm none too surprised . i've seen this behavior amongst a few of my friends , and all of them had relationship issues of one reason , or another . but , isn't that what humans tend ... d'awww , you buggers are so adorable . wearing your intense emotions on your sleeves as you do , so eager to burn at your brightest , and gives those close to you as much sunshine of happiness as ... i honestly can't tell if he's an infp or not from your post , while there is nothing to indicate he isn't , i can see several other types acting the same way . i'd say it'd help if ... m_dogg , your situation sounds a lot like mine , as a self defeating infp , i'm too quick to blame myself for any single mistake i've made , thus , putting myself down constantly . but , i've also learn ... that is awesome ! i'm glad you've finally found someone who'd take far better care of you than your exes did . i wish you the best of luck for your future . : happy : i suck at comforting people ( i hate that part of me ) , but if it makes you feel better check this thread from time to time . thank you , i definitely will check from time to time to keep reminding ... oh damn , i've snorted soda through my nose at what i've just read . you guys are pure evil , evil i tell you ! evil ! dismilliondullawuch lion in elevator , hear me roar . aww , you guys are so adorable , i absolutely love it . you really should call yourself the queen of hugs your pictures are so awesome . * warning , infp pouring heart out . avoid if you get ... hilarious , reminds me of a commercial i've seen ages ago . no offense intended , but it seemed fitting . ^ - ^ as for what i think of enfjs , i think ... oh i'm aware of that , but that doesn't stop the thought people have that one type is superior to another , we're not superior or inferior to each other . it smacks too much of self esteem issues , but ... i'm honestly surprised at the superiority of one type over another , aren't we all humans at any rate ? and mbti denotes how we think ? from what i've seen in the forum as a whole , it's too easy to ... you'll need to give us examples or more details if we're to have any place to help assist your understanding us , otherwise we'll just assume you've said that to rile us , as the ... oh good lord , this thread reminds me of all of why i like love and want to find a woman who's an enfj , damn you people , damn you ! . as have said about her time on the school bus , the ... allig is that going to be your excuse in court if for some reason you felt compelled to break the law ? : tongue : i'm innocent ! i was possessed ! i'm also inclined to believe it gives us some form of ability to read others accurately as well , at least within the scope of our fi * aka , vibes or feelings about the person . * story time ! my uncle ... * to the_natrix * so it isn't really in a way we'd you have our trust until you throw it away . but okay , who are you ? and you judge a person based off of that . so in that sense , you trust someone ... i do notice myself holding a lot of the same values you've posted as well , but i was also trying to keep my list condensed . but i do like your description of exploding mine field of flowers as it ... alright , i've been thinking about fi for the past several weeks now and i think i've got the idea now . i figure if we discuss at least a few values we consider important , we might clarify what fi ... i've just got done reading the thread that senshu have posted , and i get the distinct feeling i'm quite out of my league with this and i have no wish to spread ignorance . maybe perhaps i'll post ... arrgh , i can't believe i've forgotten that despite knowing it . thank you for the reminder . either way , i'm in college right now so i'll be rather tied up for the time being , i'll need to reread ... lovely but daunting , because i'd worry about snubbing the enfj on accident . the impression i get of enfjs is when they love , they love hard and they're not afraid to let it be known . while i tend ... oh wow , wasn't expecting such a response like that . don't blame yourself seeker , it is as much as our fault too , we're * or can be * horrible at letting the boundaries be known , but many of the ... emotional freedom ? ! ahh , dang . i've never thought of it that way but it make so much sense now from my previous interactions with people gone wrong . essentially this is what i think happens , infp ... * pokes his head through a doorway and look around for a moment before replying . * interesting ! and sadly i can relate to being called overly emotional as it isn't easy having a feeling * especially ... understandable as your experiences were traumatic = / . i'm sorry to hear that even if i wasn't involved , but i'm also glad you haven't written us off entirely . i'll leave these thoughts here . the one enfj i've known for most of my life is damn - awesome - , we've met when we were kids and i've never ran into someone before him who've taught me what being ... it could be that he's been criticized too much for revealing his value system earlier in his history and that its a knee jerk response to such questioning . my suggestion would be to let him know ... i love board games for their rules isn't set in stone . example , my family and i once played a more realistic game of life but i can't remember exactly what happened but when my sister messed me ... '