' indeed i am ! it's up there , along with the linguistics and body language . pleased to meet . welcome to perc . delicious food and hot soup . best hosting site for streamline blogging . homemade brown fried rice with eggs , carrots and peas . cooked with a little bit of ( real ) pork fat . 1 . how are you today ? content , hungry . 2 . what are you thinking of right now ? incoherent if i told you . 3 . how do you feel right now and why ? slightly drowsy , thinking i should do a little bit of ... i have my list , now for the follow through .. being challenged is inevitable , being defeated is optional . — roger crawford i'd say i'd fit this description specifically . 91 ' ? yz cusp ? sure . over-structured childhood ? nah . 1980 ' s come to mind . if 50 ' s - 70 ' s , it would be retro . i'm an intj , and before a run in with my tertiary function fi , i could've been easily tested for a serial killer instead of a ' cute rabbit ' in the eyes of my infj partner . it's safe to conclude ... astrotheme or astrodienst is better . cafe astrology is bullocks . some details are err ( most , if your time of birth is incorrect ) , specific descriptions should be regarded with a grain of salt . what ... pleased to meet . from a lurker turned member to another lurker turned member . please to meet , welcome to the forums . : cool : high waisted shorts ? or do you really short shorts ? don't mind high waisted shorts . defines the waist , comfortable even . did guys find you attractive when you were in high school , or college ? i suppose , i think more so in college . were you mostly friends with guys ? no , although i'm more comfortable with males ... yes . what's even more frustrating is when they start to rub off on you , subconsciously . @ & * @ # * & # ceases communication . waiting in lines . goddamn . those who ' volunteer ' to do the math ( splitting bills ) for the glory , but can't do the math . goddamn . pleased to meet . what kind of sports are you into ? pleased to meet . intp & infp ? very plausible . don't forget to interact with the outside world once in a while . pleased to meet . uh that a lot of kids . i say you definitely need more ' you ' time . are you open to sending them to boarding schools ? or maybe put them in a daycare or volunteer them to some ... pleased to meet . your interests are some of my interests . i'm your fellow inj , but with a t . : cool : pleased to meet . welcome to the forums . i don't like forming an opinion on any person based solely on any single attribute ( e . g . hair colour or personality type ) they may happen to identify with . i'd much rather form an opinion about them ... if you're an ambitious type , just see it as something that you want to overcome . or better yet master . don't stress too much about it . in fact , don't view it as ' work ' or something that seems ... intj , fairly balanced breed shaped and molded by experiences with an undying passion for research . i don't fear the unknown . pleased to meet . i'm intrigued in all of those mentioned research as you are . welcome . sagittarius , life path 7 . i can't deny this fact , haha . i've been called both friendly and cold . i've always thought in the past that i can only handle my mom in small dosage throughout the day rather than large chunks of ... thanks for clarifying alysaria . i retook a lengthy test , and results were undoubtedly intj . i believe i was pursuing the image of the e for as long as i can remember and ninjahitsawall it makes sense ... i've recently came to believe that somehow i could've been mistyped . in the past during my late teens , in which i considered that period to be a learning experience , i have been typed as entp ... your new american fine dining ish , hells yeah . fusion cuisines . southern cooking and creole . classic american comfort food like clam chowder , meatloaf , and corn dogs . maple syzurp ( syrup ) . ... i'm curious about those things — er , kids too hahah . in a way i feel like i want them to smile back at me or bow down to me ( jk ) , i find them fascinating , not really conditioned like adults . so their ... when you meditate it's known to raise your level of awareness / consciousness . so you inadvertently alter your brain waves through concentration , so why you see it science has a term for it . what you ... oh , no it depends on which chart you look at . sidereal astrology is based on the earth position in accordance to the constellations , which is 13 ( although , they're still using 12 ) . however modern ... not even sports ? ? high school in all honesty was a pain hah , but necessary because it taught me endurance and how to procrastinate effectively , and eventually not procrastinating . although my high ... this list , highlight first four . minus alien : isolation . i don't have enough balls or masculine lady parts to even watch someone else play it , lol . . ... i hope all is alright with your friend .. :( i send only good vibes your way . bathtub . to chill in a bathtub with a little booze , oh and entertainment to boot . you can't be friends with anyone if you don't lose that attitude . lol , i've been told once or several times that i can possibly come off as creepy and / or hostile when severely stressed .. wow , so i just retook the test in full confidence of my answers and i have to say the description is quite accurate . back then ( perhaps in my dark days ) my results came as a 3w4 7w6 9w8 but i just ... i'm doing pretty well , state of mind . not really accomplishing anything at the moment , because my desire for self-sufficiency and grinding up egg shells for calcium is making digestive tracts feel ... digging your name , yeezus . keeping with the trend of the post , i have intp friend . he himself can dance but out of mocking someone else . overall he is quite stiff . come to think of it he can do ... welcome to perc ! nice to meet you . :) long posts of self-expression are awesome , cats are cool , and chocolate ( double-dipped in nutella ) is delish . welcome to forum son ! not that you're my son , you're somebody's else's son . anywho , tell me about your various fandoms bn ? and anything you want to know about mbti , feel free , i'm skilled at ... hella procrastinating , let's get to work . i like making lists and scheduling , and i like to clean up and organise everything down to a pin . but the follow through , yeah not always consistent . and there are times when i either purposely or ... this could be it . yup . ( 23 ) entp . yups . domino effect , or else the room would be in chaos that day . '