i ticked ' volunteering ' as one of my answers , so to specify : a local animal shelter as a creative writer . i love both my local library and book stores . the library is practically next door to me ... melancholy aww , thank you so much ! i love your pictures too from the awareness function you spoke at for teens . you look so confident :) great work , by the way ! <3 littlehawk thanks so ... 392786 i haven't posted a picture online in forever ... please accept my virtual hug ( pic ) ! for anyone reading this who is lost in the darkness and feeling worthless , depressed , afraid or alone : i may not know you - but i love you . things will become better . please , hold on . <3 <3 <3 i just got back 2 days ago from 3 months solo travel in japan . but now that i'm home to my empty house and back to reality - i feel incredibly lonely . my partner has been away since march and i should ... laziness creates listlessness i wrote a blog post that was quite vulnerable and ( nervously ) shared it with a facebook group that i'm active in . everyone was overwhelmingly kind and many people said they could relate . it made me ... wow - yes i can definitely relate . i literally had this deep connection like this today - which i why i came on here to see if any other infps have had the same feeling . i met a guy over a webinar this ... amazing human connection . fantastic advice maryll ! i participated in nanowrimo last year for the first time too and after having writer's block for over a year it was the only thing that worked . honestly , just getting my ass ... tyty congrats on paying off your house ! 1 . i , too , have been trying to schedule my day . without a schedule i tend to wander and i am definitely less productive . 2 . i am getting back into ... ok , this is going to be really random but anyway i just remembered this and started laughing out loud in public ( as you do apparently ) and had to confess it on here . i was visiting my in-laws ... another fantasy-lover here ! i'm currently reading : a clash of kings ( 2nd a song of ice and fire book ) and the keeping place ( 4th of obernetyn chronicles ) . i also read the hunger games series last ... just got back from visiting a friend on the other side of the city . i've been forcing myself out of the house to socialise more often because i need to shake things up a little . but coming home to an ... you know you're an infp when you feel a jolt of happy excitement in your heart when you realise that someone actually gets u200byou . i think you are right about that - i put so much importance on my writing too ( even the stuff that i do just for me ) that i am creating even more resistance to it . it's like the ... i'm a leo . i don't think it suits me really as i'm not overly confident , nor a natural born leader . oh that is a great quote - i had never thought about it like that ! thanks so much for the enlightenment . that gives me hope . yes , i tend to spend too much time on the internet too trying to figure ... this is actually my first time posting a thread but it is something i've been struggling with for well over a year , so i thought i might as well just ask around . i have always been a writer and a ... you know you're an infp when you see a poor dog get hit by a car as you are driving along a busy highway and you scream when you see it and can't stop crying hysterically for over an hour : crying : ... my dreams have been so vivid lately that i'm finding myself confused in my waking life as to what has truly happened and what i've dreamt . aww , thanks ! glad to know i chose something that suits . love your photo btw too . you have really beautiful eyes ! : happy : 98234 trying out lipstick last month for a gf's hens party . i never wear lippy or anything so it probably doesn't suit my complexion but i really wanted to try pink . leaning against cold glass , waiting as life strides by , fake smiles betray inner venom , gorged on poison , slowly die . you know you're an infp when ... you talk to yourself in the mirror when trying to cheer yourself up . or even just sometimes when leaving the house to feel more excited for the day . creative try and go out of my way for friends and family lover of all animals - big and small : kitteh : thai food , sushi , chilled oranges and various japanese bakery delights like cakes or buns <3 ^ _ ^ yes ! ! i actually completed a task today that i had been procrastinating on for weeks . it was much easier than what i had built it up as in my head :p roud : i feel so tired today and lately all the time . i have been eating well and enough and going to the gym regularly . but i just feel so flat all the time and nothing feels fun . even video games haven't ... i love cats so much ! ! especially my very own - delilah . she's so crazy and cuddly and aloof . and she has a white mustache . 94876 i'm sick of being asked ' what do you do ? ' and not knowing how to answer . why don't people ask ' what are you ? ' to which i could reply ' i'm a perky , coffee-addicted , creative , sometimes moody , lover of ... i went to an event last night for people who are : transitioning into work they enjoy , figuring out their passions or have their own businesses , etc and though i enjoy going ( it forces me out of my ... oh , yay ! glad to hear i'm not the only one :) book - huggers unite ! hehe . you know you are an infp when ... you are reading a book and something the author has written really resonates with you making you hug the book close to your chest . ... i've been hugging a lot of ... tidying hotpants m & ms : crazy : aww - you're the best <3 i love love love ffx too and the soundtrack is so beautiful and moving ! going to go listen to it again now ... : blushed : i'm sick of resisting the things that are best for me and being so damn lazy all the time . i am lighting up my passion again and i am actually going to work my ass off like i used to and do something ... 91604 91605 91606 when i procrastinate ( like right now ) i read lots of articles on procrastination ... : tongue : whenever i'm feeling disillusioned and just frustrated ( like today ) i listen to this on repeat . the office marathon . 91342 though it is hard to see , the thing i am pointing at the camera is a stick shaped just like a wand . this is one of my most recent pics - the day i graduated ... from hogwarts : kitteh : i wish i could bottle that feeling and offer it to people in lieu of antidepressants . though i haven't been through the exact same thing - the depression i have experienced . you aren't alone and i'm keeping you in my thoughts and sending you lots of light and love <3 i like to keep in contact with my friends easily because we don't live in the same city anymore . and my family members who i don't see very often have a way to keep an eye on whats going on ( my ... i'm out having drinks and also have been in the city all day with some friends . but i'm exhausted and depleted and just want to take the train home to cuddle with the cat and play bioshock . i'm having the same issues from all of those sites as well and i'm on google chrome . i thought i must of had a virus but then i realised it is only happening on here . it used to only happen after ... some new people just moved into the unit across from mine ( our front doors face each other ) . now i find myself being more paranoid about bumping into them randomly and having to make constant small ...