' her persona is very 8 . of course that is superficial and exaggerated . but why do people think 7 instead of 8 ? i haven't seen evidence that she is not 8 though 7 makes sense too . mind blown . apparently i effing suck at typology half the time . i'm glad some people find this post relevant / entertaining / useful even though i have determined i am not in fact intp , so may be misinformed about them . then again , maybe not all of you are intp ... if that's the way you want to think about it by all means i can't stop you . have fun . p . s . some philosophers think facts are imaginary . i was not actually trying to say all infj's are like this . only that a sufficiently large number are as to merit elaboration and explanation . personally i rarely score as infj . i arrived at that ... while i can't say you and et al are wrong because i would have to read all your sources and data and that would take a long time , i can say the following . incorporating cognitive functions ... so why is it that the official myers briggs website talks about cognitive functions ? and didn't jung's theories come before the letter typing system ? i don't tend to . i like to have an idea of what is going to happen . i work in restaurants and i do enjoy having to conform to a changing environment , but if it gets too chaotic i get nervous , ... myers briggs type theory includes cognitive functions with it . the 4 letters don't really mean much without them . in fact , just going by the dichotomies creates more mistyping i think because if you ... i definitely think true development to be one's most effective and empowered comes from developing the tertiary and inferior functions . and then if you want a real challenge try to get in touch with ... i've never been able to consistently or reliably do this , although i can relate to the ni-ti bit . i have to at least have several well thought out ideas to work with if i am going to pull something ... au contraire ; i am on a facebook group for only infj's and someone asked a question about qualities you don't have but admire , and several people talked about these problems . procrastination was a ... isfj si - focuses on details and the environment , physical experiences , and body parts and functions fe - personifies everything , describes their interpersonal interactions , mock comments about ... isfj si - focuses on details and physical experience fe - personifies everything , describes their interpersonal interactions , mock comments on rudeness ti - sometimes throws some logic in there ... would anyone like to provide some specific examples from their own lives or of people you know ? so infj's are j's , but we still have issues sometimes with j things like procrastination , motivation , discipline , consistency , timeliness , and decisiveness . intj's sometimes have similar issues ... i am and my infj cousin is . like painting . i also do other forms of art including writing , but i'm not that good at poetry . it seems to require a form of emotional expression that clashes with my ti . 312882 another painting for grandma's birthday . my camera kind of sucks . i say esfp , but that's just an initial impression . a painting i did for my grandparents for christmas . 274682 although , trying to emulate one , i sometimes imagine i can do things they can do really well and it gives me more energy . like , imagining how it would be to naturally just be good at doing things ... i don't think i do this more often when i'm stressed . when i'm stressed i listen to music a lot and eat sugar and have a low energy level , and get more snappish and irritable . when i'm happy i'm more ... good information . however , i wish discussions of relationships didn't just center on serious , long-term romantic relationships , especially since if a person thinks they have one soul mate ( usually an ... infj's don't know what they want . true or false ? please discuss . she seems totally esxp to me . i don't know which . so much se . you love packing for trips and do it 5 days early . and if you had your way you would do it a month early . i know she's a culture-appropriating fool and i don't care for her music . my first guess was esfp , then isfp , but i thought the song on the radio i heard was by gwen stefani at first and she's been ... i wonder if this is more se . why do people think he's an f ? my initial impression was entp . enfp could be right , i just don't see it . it's frequently not easy for me to differentiate between the two types . i lot of people type light as infj . i could see xntj though . i think esfp for misa and possibly matsuda . as for mello , yeah i don't know . he could be in an ne-te loop . oh wow , this is a long thread . have people typed the characters in sekirei ? i'm thinking : musubi - esfp tsukiumi - isfj matsu - intj miya - infj homura - inxj matsu - istj karasuba - istp ? hey . i was on here awhile ago but then abruptly left . i didn't really get a chance to get to know many people well , so i might as well be new . ( i've been hanging out at typology central . ) well , ... i too used to be this way . that's not the right answer . this is helpful . i can see some of myself in this . the trouble is i still feel like i do ti better than fi because of the emotional component , and what looks like fi in me could just as easily be ti ... i keep a mental one . fi : x , y , z ... se : blah blah isfp traits : definitely this ... yeah you might be intp if you are obsessed with systems of analytical categorization . or you might just be ... gosh i alienate people everywhere i go . i'm a failure . no one understands me . life is pain . i should just become a 1 . or an 8 . excuse me while i go pout in the woods . so basically i guess i'm saying i'm 9 and 6 , and here's why . it's me , not you . really . ( see my edit ) well i don't think i'm making potshots or getting offended . i just wondering in my # 6 way if i'm not as awesome as i think . kk yeah i know the point wasn't to be scientific , just that it doesn't not fit . like someone might read it and be like , hilarious ! oh yeah , and i know that type ! maybe they're intp and not infp ... should i get butt hurt about the fact that people seem to be more entertained by the replies to my post than the original , despite the fact that mine are actually grounded in typology ? even though it ... hm , there is a difference between just saying something to be outrageous and entertaining , and being outright offensive and destructive . i guess it's a subjective distinction . but anyway , off ... here's another one : do your emotions often conflict with your values ? i'm almost always ashamed of mine for one reason or another . maybe i'm just dysfunctional this way . maybe i'll be jealous in a ... i have some questions about emotions . along with some pictures of cute animals for your fi . :) do your emotions ever confuse you ? are you aware of what your emotions are , or do they look ... l from death note ! ! he's so hot . and smart and cute and funny . i have a lot of things in common with this thread . i'm kind of an inxp . i save bugs and worms all the time . and i have an imaginary world with imaginary friends . i imagine i'm all sorts of things ... it does . that and i'm not really sure about what people mean by troll . i don't think so ... i'm just leery of stalkers , so that is my emoticon . # 7 is more the political activist / anarchist type . # 6 is totally different , but can definitely be motivation for 7 . '