' 7 sanguine , 64 melancholy , 29 choleric , 36 phlegmatic all melancholy ... it's alright . i'm into super mnc and firefall right now . both have similarities , and not just the art styling ! yes , this is on topic . it's something i talk a lot about . yes , it is also a ... my birthday was a few weeks ago , and it was smashing ! i locked myself in my room for the entire day , read a book , made myself meals , and set up some of the hardware my father gave me a day prior . it ... what do they matter ? feelings don't get the job done . they don't bring home the bacon . they limit productivity . they hinder business , and business is good . i don't talk about my feelings . it's not ... why , yes i have ! i've dabbled in fortress forever , as well . there's a spy creepin ' ' round here . if you would have listened to my advice , we could have avoided this . 1 . plan 2 . act 3 . reflect rinse and repeat . never . unless the subject is of a spiritual matter , typology , or a form of media i'm passionate about . i can go on for hours about my favorite movie , inception , given a good listener . also , i'm not ... i find different attributes attractive in different people . for an enfp , it's her energy . the majority of enfp's i know are happy-go-lucky opportunists who bounce from one ridiculous idea to the ... when i first met you , i thought you were a jerk and that you never smile . i blame the local enfp for allowing this to happen . i definitely don't eat horribly ; i'm as skinny as a rail . still , i have no judge of calorie intake or other food / health related mechanics . you are captain of a cruise liner . it's sinking . what's the first thing you do ? not a vegetarian . i enjoy meat , and i'm willing to face the consequences that may affect my health . maybe someday i'll rethink that . not today . other people breathe . it's the scariest and , simultaneously , most beautiful thing in the world . there's a mind inside that body . it's thinking thoughts just like i am . it's alive . i've been adapting to this social ritual known as small talk . i can keep it up for a while , but it always degrades into awkward silences . i like to get a piece or two worked into the conversation ... fluent in english , advanced in american , intermediate in japanese , basic in spanish . i hate math , at least the more complicated stuff . i'm a computer science major , and i have no interest beyond nesting loops and recursive statements . if i need to find the definite integral of a ... getting screwed over by my own brain . sent a text that could be taken two different ways to a love interest . she doesn't respond for n number of hours and my lovely brain turns to every illogical , ... - is physical contact ( with friends and family ) a biological need for some people and why ? for me , yes . i grew up with little to no physical contact , and i believe it's created a well that my being ... 34725 in ohio on chrome with windows 7 , 32bit . i love this comic . i came home from school to find no one home and no dog in sight . my sister's poor dog had cancer , and i figured that my family had taken it to the vet . sure enough , my sister texts me and asks if i ... every single night . i hate it . my trick , as others have mentioned , is listening to music . i play the same cd every night when i lie down . its a load of calm music , and i know all the lyrics by heart ... it's never really meant anything to me . when it comes to surroundings , as long as i can make somewhere my space , i'm fine . the people aspect is interesting . i can imagine most people miss their ... ronald reagan . i'm proud to have been alive when he was still with us . rip . as mentioned before , ch4tsp33k is a bane . i take pride in writing out every message and including proper grammar . i prefer calling only because tone and inflection can make a big different in the ... i shall put my new found internetz to good use . that many internet should output enough slave labor to reduce the prices of sneakers to pocket change , allowing more americans get up , get active , and ... to the past , so i could forward my life in a simpler time . maybe the 1800 ' s . 1 ) travel new zealand , back to england , and eventually : space . i'm sure we'll have the technology by the time i'm a rich , old man . 2 ) relationships get married once . with the rate of divorce ... nothing stresses me out by mixed signals , or , at least , what i perceive to be mixed signals . why can't people be straight forward and decisive like i am ? must be a p thing . pick a weasley , any weasley . my redheaded brethren can concur . edit : oh , celebrity . i don't get that much . who plays ron ? the only hatred i hold is towards myself and my own failures . when someone hates me , i try and take them aside and talk to them . i have very few enemies , and none that i can name at the moment , but ... what are you thinking about ? you have the audacity to interrupt my train of thought with a petty question ? how do you feel ? i don't . why are you so mean ? i'm not mean . the div you're ... sure , though i feel like three . i have names that i call them internally . there's the one spawned from years of logical thinking and depression , there's the one spawned from my intuition and love of ... sour cream and onion rarely fails me , but i've been known to fall back on cool ranch or spicy chili . to find one who is willing to commit the same level of vehement commitment as i , they . もちろん . i know that feel , bro . bite the skin around the tips of my fingers . no nail biting , you see . the skin . i don't know why . a binder full of notes i shall never reference . to loss [ sic ] belly fat , much like any other object in need of losing , i try to put it in a reasonable-but-out-of-the-ordinary place while distracting my brain with at least two other stimuli , an ... curse you . i came up with this during my morning shower and i had hoped i was the first . obligated , no , though i can see very few situations where a christian wouldn't want to share his or her faith unless said christian felt embarrassed to do so . hey , an intj christian here who associates with the evangelical friends denomination of christianity . while this problem may not pertain to the connection between type and religion , i can try to ... sometimes i give advice to people who don't want it . if it's someone i care about , i do it anyways because i hope that someday they'll realize i only want the best for them . but sometimes i'm dumb ... ... you could do us a favor by giving yourself a black eye so we don't have to mar our knuckles with your face . social depression for three years when i was younger . i have depressive tendencies from time to time nowadays . funny you should bring this up now , as i'm feeling especially down at the moment ... physical touch , and then words of affirmation . thought i'd be the first real answer here . pretty sure physical touch is due to personal circumstances , though . i wasn't hugged often as a child ... i hate people who are rude just to be rude . nothing riles me more . i ignore overly talkative people who can't think of anything to discuss other than the weather or their irrelevant interests ... if i ever become a masochist , i now have a collection of ways to spend my day in agony . smashing . see you in the intj forum , mate . good day . i believe you've posted in a thread of mine . glad to have you . as huiwcleon points out , you must embrace your intj . seriously now , would you rather be anything else ? stupid question . of ... '