' hi guys , i need some advice . for the sake of helping you guys understand the story i'm about tell , i'll provide some background information . i work with a pastry chef i'll name jessica * , a grill ... you all don't know who he is ... and you all don't know who i am either . for all you guys know , i'm not even pinky ! his privacy will always be respected by me . i understand that everything he tells me ... thanks for keeping everyone updated green girl : happy : it really is a saga ... hello , weathertalk ! thank you so much for the kind words . : kitteh : i checked out the thread that you recommended to me and it brought me some insight . some intjs are pretty hard on themselves because ... hiiig_w ! good to hear from you as always . : happy : i have to say , both of your theories have a lot of merit and they make a lot of sense to me . a ) he definitely magnifies my infpness to the ... i can see why some people would be apprehensive when it comes to romance in the workplace . actually , i was in a 3 1/2 year relationship with a co-worker at my old job . it was a little tricky because ... it's interesting to know that intjs can be slow to warm up . i have always had a hunch that my intj is the same way because i can tell he thinks a lot ... about everything . : confused : i know he's ... it helps to have a lot of insight on this from a fellow introvert . i appreciate it . : happy : i definitely do think that i hold myself back because of the cozy home in my head . it's funny we're ... i'm glad i'm not the only one out there feeling that way . let the commiserating begin . : wink : thank you intjs for your warm welcome . : kitteh : i appreciate you all for the wonderful support ! you all seem to be telling me the same things for the most part . i know i should definitely try to ... hi guys , it's pinky again and i need some support . ps ... * hugs ! ! ! * : kitteh : i am trying my best to distract myself from my intense , outta this world , lovey-mcdovey feelings for my intj co-worker ... haha how come ? infps and destruction don't usually go hand-in-hand ! : tongue : sometimes , emotional healing is necessary before one can find answers . emotions can be a distraction and once it is dealt with , clarity in finding a solution will follow . i'm glad you were able to ... icy ... i'm sorry to hear that you're hurting right now . : unsure : * hugs ! ! ! * emotions are fickle beasts . the idea of falling for someone is always risky business . you have to trust them not to ... you know what ? i don't think anyone has ever explained to me why i'm so nice or why they like me ... that's probably another good reason why i don't take what anyone says too seriously . if someone ... it is equal amounts of both . i was recently venting to a friend of mine about some problems and he told me that he would always be there for me because he thought the world of me . for some reason , it ... you sound very similar to me . what people think of my values have very little impact ! they are so deeply ingrained me that i do not need any approvals ( or lack thereof ) to stand by them . if people ... i feel like i have no idea how other people feel about me . it is ironic because i am so in touch with my own emotions and feelings ... but when it comes to knowing how people feel about me , it's up in ... that is true actually ... i've never really felt like i've fit in anywhere . does anyone else just feel like they're seen and not heard ? maybe that's part of why it's so hard for me to be receptive ... i actually am a type 2 ! i know that type 2s like to give ... do you think that's why it's so hard for me to receive anything ? i would totally love more insight if that is the case ! : happy : i consider myself someone who gives a lot of love to everyone and everything . i have a great capacity for caring and i love those aspects about myself . i often do things that show how much i care for ... wow really ? i'm really glad you think so ! thank you for the kind words . :p roud : i was surprised too . he had a vibe about him that made everyone kind of stay away . : unsure : i really wanted to ... you all give such awesome advice ! ! ! :p roud : i backed off and let him do his thing ... and he seems as good as new . one thing i so greatly admire about intjs is their ability to find a solution to ... i really believe that the two days he had off did absolute wonders for him . he was able to get some alone time in his system ! he is back to being himself and it's so great to see . : happy : thank you ... coconut water is the bees kneez ! intjs have good taste apparently : kitteh : i feel that we really are valued when it comes to our loving nature . actually , i recently confided in a co-worker about how it felt like nothing i did for anyone mattered . i went out of my way to ... i am type 2 ! i haven't read much about it but i think it's called the helper ? hiii icy :p roud : it's so great to hear from you ! thank you for your advice . i have definitely been trying to give him space . we hardly spoke to each other the past couple of days . hopefully ... i already feel like i'm riding the emotional roller coaster with him ... and that needs to stop ! i very easily pick up emotions around me and i seemed to have picked up his . people have noticed how ... you always seem to know how to make me smile . thanks a lot for your support ... i really can't appreciate it enough . : happy : my internal brakes are definitely smoking right now because i'm all ... what you said kind of stung me to the core ... but it's something i needed to read . thank you . i am planning on leaving him alone . he knows he can always come to me if he needs support . well , his phone went off during our lunch break and i noticed him groaning kind of angrily each time he received a text message . i'm not so inclined on sending him a message after noticing that . :/ ... yeah i agree ... it's a lot more serious than i thought . when i spoke to him , it really seemed like he did not want to talk about anything . i knew that if i mentioned anything about how he was feeling , ... you guys ... i'm so worried about him . : sad : it didn't seem like his mood changed at all over the weekend ... he was on his lunch break and i went ahead and sat at the table he was sitting at . it ... hugs ! ! ! :p roud : yes , i think you and my intj are quite similar then . maybe it's the subtle gestures that can make someone's day a little better instead of forcing something out of them in their ... thank you all for the advice and support . : happy : i'm glad to know that i am approaching this the proper way ! the next day after all this happened , i was hoping he would be feeling better . i don't ... hi guys , it's pinky again and i have a new question for you all . the intj i have been working with has been going through something lately and i want to help him out ! he came into work and ... today , i had a mini breakdown at work . i won't get too much into it ... but it had to deal with me having enough of interacting with rude customers on a daily basis . i ended up getting emotional and ... i think i have been acting a lot more detached to him than normal ... but i cannot bring myself to fully withdraw . i have the biggest fear that i'll lose him ... that i would become just another face ... thank you zuflex . i've been beginning to wonder if i was the only one who had a funny feeling about this whole thing . i have absolutely no idea where i stand in his life or how he feels about me ... for some reason , i feel as though my intj has been withdrawing from me . he has been acting the same with me for the most part though so it's hard to explain ... but i can't shake the feeling that ... oh i wholeheartedly concur with you . these intjs have helped me out so much with their sound advice and encouragement and i'm so glad i have them to help support me . logical sentimentality is the ... it seems as though there are some things being spread around my workplace regarding me and my intj . : frustrating : i have asked for advice from two of my co-workers regarding the situation between ... thank you ! ! ! i appreciate it . : kitteh : i don't know what got into me . it is extremely uncharacteristic of me to just call a crush out of the blue to hang out so i can tell him that i have feelings ... oh i am so an expert on the subject of hugs . do they have honorary degrees for that ? :p roud : i think i can truly say that i can see deep beneath the icy-ness . : happy : however , i can always use a little help from our healing rays . : wink : i've told my intj a million times before that i can see ... tram , i am truly appreciative for the kind words ! infps are so nice and thoughtful . : kitteh : i consider the outcome a success too . my heart is less heavy and i've learned to not hold back so much ... i'm glad you can feel the love and warmth in this thread too ! ! ! : kitteh : and i hope it keeps the sadness at bay for you . i know all about broken ideals . : sad : i think one of the greatest gifts in ... i'm speechless ! thank you so much for taking the time out to tell me something so heartwarming and supportive . it truly means a lot to me and i am smiling right now . : happy : like i said , i could ... haha ! ! girl , i need a drink too ... : crazy : and tell me about it ! when he reached in for a hug , i figured it was going to be one of those quick , casual ones because he was a little busy . but when ... '