' edit : infp - not everything i say is about you ! i'm not criticizing you , i'm criticizing the thing you happen to like ! female intp ( rounded ) masculine : 46 feminine : 38 androgynous : 53 ahaha ! those are hypnagogic hallucinations . i hear a lot of them before i fall asleep . here are some of what my voices have said : i was not disappointed in the sound of the instructions . ... i love clubbing , only after about 5 drinks . as a ti-dom i have a strong urge to correct what i perceive as logically inconsistent . i can quickly identify what's true / false almost instinctively . often , when i come across new information ... i chose success , because i think i've attained enough of the others ( other than selflessness ) , so now the last step is to beat my crippling apathy and put my skills to good use . they keep trying to tell me how i actually feel or what i actually think . i live in a family of all enfjs ( save for one infj ) and they all think they know me better than i know myself . it's ... it helps only in the short-term . if i repress my feelings long enough , it ends in an outburst , and in some cases , i end up alienating others . i'm unsure how to accept them because i reflexively ... i have depression and generalized anxiety disorder . i mistyped as a feeler for a while because of this i wish people would just silently positively acknowledge and admire me instead of gushing about it men and women are different full-blown conversation with yourself ? i need to try that sometime for shits and giggles ' sake ... hello , fellow unicorn ! ! female intp here . : tongue : hope you enjoy it here ! i don't mind fake nice , in fact , i prefer it . it shows you have at least some common decency , unless you're deliberately doing it to be manipulative . but if you're passively doing it , fine . it ... would j correlate with type a , and p correlate with type b ? have any studies been done about this ? i'm type a , but other intps i know strike me as type bs . really , most perceivers i know are ... i only talk to myself in my head . i would confront her , and if it doesn't stop , it's out of your hands ( crappy pun intended ) , so just let her keep being a middle school bully , and point and laugh . i can relate . i don't have many things in common with people . sometimes when i try to give my opinion or make a joke , i speak in abstractions and end up confusing those listening . i think it's hard ... i want them to go away . they're so pointless . i bottle them up so much and rarely cry , but once in a while , if i'm in a fight with someone for example , it's impossible for me to explain myself or ... the debate within my own head goes something like : wrong ! wrong ! i must tell them they're wrong ! it's no use but i really need to tell them they're wrong because they're wrong and it's my ... i've seen a thread here some time ago about favorite words , so now i'd like to know , what are your least favorite words ? the following make me want to dive off a cliff in despair : ... i brood and mourn , until i experience an existential crisis so brutal and life-changing , that it loops around and i realize that being alone opens up countless opportunities and possibilities for the ... what if everyone just ... just ... came together and ... loved each other * . * ~ <3 i like parties sometimes , but i actually default to reading to the point i can't even say i prefer it to them . it would be like saying i prefer breathing to parties . it was 3am once and i was watching something on youtube , and someone left a comment that read kaka poo poo stinky pants and this somehow had me in tears in a sleep-deprived laughing fit . i showed ... other intps i know have this thing where they're very stoic and logical , until either something stupid makes them laugh like a child , or something sciency or food-related gets them super excited , and ... i would try to embrace it since it's a part of you that you repress , being intp ( which never turns out well ) - however , if you think it's clouding your judgment and driving you insane , when i'm in ... rain green apple-scented candles jasmine coconut oil book pages a newly-opened video game package warm , clean laundry fresh , homemade bread brisket lemon i had an infp friend who would always bring up her physically and sexually abusive ex , expecting me and our mutual friends to pity her , but sometimes she would make random remarks about how ... i'm trying to talk slower too , for the same reasons you are . it's probably an ne thing , which , in its auxiliary position , would be as prominent as ti in many situations . it varies , really , because ... it's changed my life dramatically . there are parts of me i thought were flaws , when they aren't particularly : for example , not being one for noticing small details . i wondered why i couldn't just pay ... i had pretty much the same problems with 2 ( toxic ) infps i knew and came to realize these are some of the exact things that will easily push their buttons with minimal effort . - tell them their ... slow down ! i can't keep up with this conversation anymore ! also , you told me that story about 50 times already my dad is an infj and my mom is an enfj we can have great conversations , but they're always pressuring me to express my emotions when i'd rather not . what's it like being se-dominant ? how do you experience inferior ni ? how does it get in the way of se ? when i'm drunk , not only do i become more outgoing , but i find myself really loving anyone who crosses my path and i'm more conscious of the emotional atmosphere , basking in this mentality of ... the entps ( enfps too ) i've met don't put enough faith in past experience . i always find myself telling them , remember what happened the last time you did this ? when they're about to repeat ... this is a tough one and there was a point when i wondered if i were entp , and i asked myself if , generally , do i use ideas to feed my thinking ( intp ) , or do i use thinking to feed my ideas ( entp ) ? i ... when i first heard the phrase , if you believe yourself , you can do anything i took it literally and would constantly asked my parents , how do i believe in myself ? and if i do , does that mean i'll ... 1 . no , because despite my opinion of a person , chances are there are other people who value that person who would be devastated at their loss , and even if that weren't the case , everyone has the ... tea :) . i'm not much of a coffee fan . can't stand the taste . i hate feeling emotions and when i do , i desperately try to ignore them or at least detach from them . to let myself feel means to disturb my inner stability and ability to think clearly . if i have to ... you have to read something over and over because you don't trust what you read first to be what you really saw people who will believe any illogical tripe just because it makes them feel good or because it will get them brownie points obviously i'm not longing for my brain to be stored in an isolation tank , and i quite like being human , but sometimes when it comes time to manage my physical self ( eating when i have to , not ... oh god that hippo is now the oracle i'm good at giving someone logical comfort as was stated already , but when it comes to warmth and emotional support , it's about as hard for me as doing a backflip forward . definitely not lol . my si is pitiful . when i'm grateful for something someone has done for me , in addition to saying thank you , i make a point that i really appreciate that they did it for me . i force myself to express it when i ... 22 . i thought i did worse . fun test though . '