' since i've felt awful recently , and i want to be there for my friends too - the happier i am , the happier i can make them - , i've tried to distract myself in order not to think about it to the point ... thanks a lot for your help . i think that would be more than likely - she's already done something like that with that enfp girl , too , even though she wasn't as important to her as i was . yes , it's ... that sounds like her . but then what ? what happens after i've learnt my lesson ? thank you a lot . it was really helpful to read this . dear god why are y'all so freaking gorgeous , i can't even - whatever . : rolleyes : well , we've been friends for years , i've always reassured her that i thought she was a wonderful person , she was sure i would never hurt her and , by telling her that she was a horrible human being , i ... hi infjs , i need some advice . i had a close infj online friend , but i betrayed her trust . we've known each other for seven years ; i was extremely important to her - she put me on a pedestal and that ... 9w8 or 7w8 . i'm not sure . ^ i could see that with michonne , but why do you see sasha as a ti user , rather than a te user ? lightworker infp mmm . rick : istj / isfp shane : estp lori : esf * andrea : esfp / enfj dale : infj glenn : entp / isfp daryl : istp carol : is * j carl : * sfp i'm in good terms with my estj side ^ ^ sometimes i get a guilty sense of satisfaction when i organize things and put them in order ( for example my books , clothes etc . ) or when i make to-do lists for ... and skeletons . thinking about how wonderful the walking dead is . ... details . like what ? books ? è_é aye , i love his aura <3 i'm not sure whether i see him more as an * nfp or as an * sfp , though . oh my goodness this world is just so wonderful and is filled with wonderful people and love and i want everyone to know that i'm super happy and that i love the world and everyone else too ! i don't ... wth i'd be happy to , but i'm afraid there are no banks in the ocean . i would never doubt your existence . odds are i don't exist . ç___ç i don't remember being born either . i think we may have a problem . i'm not really sure . usually i'm just myself and i just try to be more open . if i'm happy to be around someone , i show it - i smile a lot , laugh , talk about what we're both passionate about , do and ... well that's simple . i'm half-mermaid , half-human . this totally makes sense . my secret is ... ... ... i already have rainbow eyes i'm a mermaid my result ( infp - true neutral / chaotic neutral ( same score xd ) brother ( entp ): chaotic neutral infj friend : lawful good * stj friend : lawful neutral esfj friend : lawful neutral intp friend : ... alright . alright . i'll tell you my secret if you promise my eyes will be shiny and magical . so i've read a few things about attachment theory and i've realized i have a dismissive-avoidant attachment style . it totally makes sense to me . is there anything i can do to ... weaken my need for ... yes , totally ! thanks a lot for your answer . ^ ^ this is too much for my poor , innocent heart :( nothing . i swear i'm innocent . * suspicious look * looks like that is a plane . now proceed . weeelcome ! ice cream is marvelous . :') do you need the support and appreciation of a special person in order to be happy ? no . life is meaningless without intense emotions ! ! ! : ' c let me think about it . yes . i'm tempted to say yes . yuumei's journal - deviantart any clues ? this made me laugh more than it should have that's fine as long as you also have chocolate cookies . responsibilities why choices why just why no . : 3 aye . nay . i am ready . it usually goes like this . me : * steps in * ... did you break that glass ? her : who ? what ? me : there's a broken glass on the floor . did it slip out of your hands ? her : * looks at the glass * no . me : ... i open my mouth , i open my eyes : there's no shape . they flow , they flow . ... there's no aim . they're swift they don't notice . that isn't the truth . actually , most nts i know like me , and we get along well . of course they can be . anyone can ! i have a close * stj friend who loves any kind of art and loves to discuss about it . practically speaking , she's not an artist herself , though . but she's a deep , ... when let's go on a trip right now ! sounds 100 times more appealing than we're going on a trip next month ! . i'm not sure . i listen more or less to the same genre of music of an * stj friend of mine . xd why can't i have naturally rainbow eyes that could looks like me ! : o i had a type 6 infj friend . i didn't see her as a mentor . she idolized me , constantly asked for my advice and thought she didn't have the permission to do anything unless i agreed with her , though . '