i have been on anti-anxiety medication all day to be able to function somewhat .. general anxiety disorder and social anxiety , but my social anxiety and gad are less severe than before thanks to therapy and medication . i'm also supected of having ocd . i wish for dreamless sleep for something that will keep all thought silent all screams of inner fear makes control impossible tears me open evergrey - fear mom : esfj dad : infp 1 . i really like felines 2 . i like to behave in an unexpected way just to see how people will react . 3 . i'm a perfectionist . i don't know how many times i have re-written this reply just to get it ... my results : angles : 18 out of 20 ( male ) spot the difference : 14 % ( male ) hands : right-brained emotions and systems : empathy score is : 3 out of 20 ( male ) your systemising score is : 10 out of ... i'm a big fan of passionated tongue kisses . soft kisses without tongue usually bores me , though there are exceptions . tea : yay ! coffee : nay ! no i ' ve never cried when i've watched it . but when i was younger i tried to cry just because i didn't want anyone to think i was weird . : crazy : neurologist . i find the human brain really intriguing . i can't help but to feel really anxious and i can't seem to shake it off . : confused : procrastinating . i can't make myself pick up my math books . go away anxiety and depressive thoughts ! you are in my way of doing something useful in my life . if you're looking for love get a heart made of steel ' cus you know that love kills don't go messing with love it'll hurt you for real , don't you know that love kills protect yourself , ' cus ... i've been gaming since i was around 5 . if i enjoyed the game then my time hasn't been wasted . i'm currently looking for a good rpg game to play . probably around 2-3 hours with my boyfriend . thank you ! if you ever travel to sweden i would recommend you to visit an island called gotland . it has some really interesting sights .. : happy : thank you all for the warm welcome ! : blushed : it can be quite beautiful in the spring and summer , but i do agree on sweden being cold . especially in the winter . but it depends on where you ... i remember faces easily , but names tend to slip away rather quickly . mom : esfj dad : infp me : intj hi ! i'm an intj girl from sweden who finally had the courage to join this forum . i have been battling social anxiety almost all my life which has actively made me shy away from social activities ...