' well ! that's exactly what i had in mind ... sounds a bit shallow and selfish , no ? i just hope i'm not too much like that . so sorry for driving you nuts , it's totally independent of my will . still so do i , i love you too . am i really hedonistic ? that must be terrible ! ! ! : laughing : please , let me give you an entp point of vue of what you call being harsh . that's true . sometimes , infjs may look harsh to people . but , for me , sharpness is a more suitable name for it . ... hypothesis of two guys during their studies : guy 1 : study all day , very focused , do 5 hours / day homework . get a 95 % final grade rate . guy 2 : do not care too much of teachers speach , do not ... hello . try using the img code : yourimageurl ( in source mode , first icon ) your pictures will appear bigger . bed or no bed , it is not the question . the real thing is can we envisage sex / love as some king of humdrum routine ? ! my personnal pov is : no way ! any routine in love is boring . not only for ... excellent ! plus it's a dali ! ! really a great idea ! it must be terribly painfull ... : frustrating : yes it as been scientifically proven . but it's nothing like ' sex was good or not ' . it's because of the male brain secreting ( hope it's the right word ) a drug just after coitus to make him sleep ... here is another of my artworks . made with photoshop . hope you enjoy . high res version on my devianart ... even if i'm not infj , here is one of my artworks . more soon . the shut up kiss should be forbidden by geneva conventions . it's too hard to resist it . combined with the give me your opinion on ... sentence , it's an efficient tool for psychological torture ... here is my advice , from an entp beeing with an infj , even if i can't be really sure if it is really the ' key ' of the entp-infj relation . the thing that seems to be the more important is ... very serious about you being good . really . the rest is just my habitual craziness . william i am : man , you're good ! really really good ! that made me want to make a therapy ... too bad i am already so perfect :-( it's a strange hard to explain feeling . like some kind of evidence . and it has nothing to do with ' getting used to the other one ' or things like that . it's more like 2 people spending time ... amen . in fact this is particularly attractive . yes ? what is it ? ... ... hmmm ... did you say plots ? ? ? i never talk about plots ? ! ! you're the one who talk about plots ... i just give my pov , no more . well , the fact is that i am perhaps a bit ... hi ! my girlfriend , an infj , often tell me such things , about people playing games , ... i must confess , if i did noticed such things long ago , i never not really cared ... it was more like wanna ... no one . just a metaphor to illustrate a possible , but not necessary , temporary break in mutual understanding in a particular area . we talk about it very often ! our communication is a lot about ... our communication ... ? ! ! ! ( isn't that ouroboros ? ) i never said that she meant to make me feel this way ... it was a humorous note ... in fact , i think she mean objectivity ... i do like that about myself ! i'm actually dating an infjs , she's kind and very concerned about anything . always nice and open-minded ... well nearly always , but i'm not better myself . we really talk a lot , no doubt she is the one ... indeed . i was ironic . this definitely would not be a paradise for any n . and you're right we still see it far too often . truth . we should live in tribes where alphas males have all the females and the others just wait the alpha to be too old , so one can kill him and take his place . a paradise for nts and nfs . as an entp , let me say : thank you , thank you , and ... thank you . well this thread is certainly very edifying . even if some post seems quite shallow for nfs . some of us , entps , seems to feel the same about infjs . there is hope . here ! for you ! 54213 classy except opinions not always about facts . and facts not always applies to opinion . plus , who said it was you who known the truth ( even of facts ) except yourself ... which is your opinion that anyone ... + + + = 1 . data recorded , formulas corrected , programmation altered < serious on > this might be the smartest thing i read on the subject till now < serious off > still ... no way i let you my study ! fool ! yes i would ! and ' vice-versa ' ... actually , i do think that there might be a correlation ! at least , it certainly deserves further study . 50 bucks on the big one with the red shorts this would not be a very pragmatic approach . instead , we should create a committee of experts to ' cut the issue ' . a young adult ? oh , i really start to like you ... sorry but i do not feel like explaining my pov , it's too much work . i'll just say : yes , you're right , there is a real ' physical ' world ... but ... this might be the most romantic thing ever ! ... well , this and the nuptial rite of snails . someone told me there was a cock size competition , somewhere here ... is it here ? lol ! that for sure was a bright entp comment ... still , i can be quite delusional indeed , for most people . and what's worse , pretty proud of it ! : confused : now the real question is : was my ... omg ! we really have good tastes ! : cool : you know you're a entp when you feel the same and do not hesitate to send it right into their face ;-) fine , fine , my bad ! the thing is so obvious for me that i certainly did not explained it enougth . so let me be a little more precise . by telling easy ! , i did not want to say it will be easy ... the difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits . albert einstein an intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex . aldous huxley ... lol there is no such thing as real world ... everything is illusion interresting subject here . quite intriguing for me since i had some kind of traumatic similar experience yesterday . this make you very open minded about the subject . i would love to read any idea ... kitty : yes , you derailed : i do not play d & d ! '