' wise women will choose nice guys , don't worry . - up till now i still don't feel i have any psychic nature which is claimed by quite a number of infjs and described by many infj articles ... - i don't trust my intuition in reading people . i need ... dog person here ... maybe because of my fe ... when you cannot notice the minor details in one's appearance that everyone else notice . :P i love mikasa ackerman in shingeki no kyojin so much . she reminds me to stay strong . index = 13 i always remind myself to stay rational . when is the time when i am rational enough to forget to remind myself about it ? i feel like being imprisoned by my own emotion . for example , i still care ... that's very true . indeed you can travel to another country and return home within one week . this topic is very interesting :p roud : i will choose fisher king ... actually by elimination : i can't choose road eternal as i have a strong need to feel myself rooted . traveling everywhere ... do you think it would be nice to add eye brow ? i think it reflects one's personality too . for me , straight and thin eye brow , a bit downward gender : f hair color : black hair style : middle wave starting from the top of my head , long , with curly hair bang eye shape : round ( with dark circle xd ) eye color : dark brown glasses : n personal ... i am scared about fear in myself . the uncontrollable fear and insecurity in me ... ... the world forgetting , by the world forgot ... - - - alexander pope if the world abandons you , abandon the world too . i juz love amelie so much ! i often watch amelie-related clips / screen caps / articles whenever i was nearly swallowed by loneliness , sadness or grievance . i just resonant with her . i agree with ... i had that feeling too . but now i know how to love and appreciate myself more . they bullied you , ignored you , looked down on you , just because some people ( i dare to say many people ) make ... i vote others . i inclined to the option i have built too many walls , but my situation is bi-directional and this statement sounds uni-directional . most people think i am a typically nice and warm ... i've just had an enjoyable afternoon watching the movie < < sophie's world > > after that i hope i can find somewhere i belong . no one around me is interested in philosophy . in case if you are interested , here are 13 rules for dealing with psychopath , adopted from the book < < the sociopath next door > > by dr . stout . i find it inspiring . it's necessary to turn off my ... 9 % you are warm and empathic with a heightened awareness of social responsibility and a strong sense of conscience . you like to carefully weigh up the pros and cons of a situation before you act ... me ! making silly yet funny mistakes :P people said when something was found left behind , they will think that's most probably my property xd - i was commented as head in the clouds . - i act out scenes with miniature toys with imaginative plots and story background , with my best friend . - i was very self-disciplined and sympathetic . - ... i identity with it . i once wonder why i am so complicated when i was at my teenage , now i understand it's just because of layers . it's natural that some part of you is not revealed . sorry to hear that : confused : that's just how we display friendliness , this may appear unnatural to fi , but we are genuine indeed . thank you for such gd analysis from this perspective . that makes the picture clearer : happy : i am not good at anything except building rapport with my students . but i do feel the need for ... maybe it's just my case ? i seldom read infj venting that they are regarded as fake . but i think it's related to my infjness . : unsure : - so distracted from the reality that silly careless mistakes ... i can relate to it : happy : the protector spirit is always staying in my heart . it never leave . it safeguards me from getting polluted from such merciless world . with it , i am able to hold my ... take too many things personal . i should not be responsible for the emotion of the others . this will drown me . ah , you're right : laughing :: laughing : caracal is cool :p roud : n glad to such a wide variety of animals here : laughing : ni is hard to be explained . it may seem difficult to confirm ni as dominant function , but i feel it's less difficult to find the answer by elimination---si or se are easier to be identified . swan is very infj too : happy : killer whale also ! unicorn suits infj sooo much ! isn't it the embodiment of the protector spirit ? for me , a deer ! sometimes i'm like the kind with horns , but most of the time i feel like as weak as fragile sika ... don't let the noise around you covers your own little voice from your heart . every single thought of you / decision you have made may seem to pop up randomly . people may regard them as stupid or ... when your eye gaze freak the others out accidentally while you are wearing a face mask . : unsure : from my own experience , people who like me appreciate my caring , humble , honest nature , and most of them seemed to be inxx / enxx people . people who dislike me think i am numb , quiet and lonely ( or ... thank you for introducing this beautiful character of disney to me :) i feel like crying when i watch the related clips : , ( i can relate to this a lot . : unsure : and the others will wonder why i look so empty in my eyes ... just like blank in brain . that's reasonable , i give this stare just out of politeness . except ... i am getting angry . i will not tolerate anymore , and i will not use kindness as an excuse of being timid anymore . you let me suffer , i let you suffer . this is about fairness . i suspect that i was born with an innate centrifugal force which draws me away from any social group i should have get involved . no matter how nice the atmosphere was at the beginning , i withdrew ... no special story behind it . it's a photo spotted quite randomly . but it hits me a lot when i saw it ... ' coz it recalls my feeling of insecurity and loneliness which have been accompanying me since ... it's annoying when someone ignores my feelings and is being selfish . when someone judges me without really knowing me . when you feel guilty about not replying a whatsapp message ... you keep creating images of how she will react when she gets no response ... but at the same time you know she does not worth ... 89-80 % alone , 11-20 % around others i am very , very introverted . and for others , it means the people i accepted as real acquaintance . i don't really want to stay with people outside my ... i confess that i can't help hold hatred towards someone in my mind , for which the feeling is so intense that i wanna said f * * k off to them . whenever i see posts about ni's psychi power or the magic of introverted intuition , i doubt whether i am really an infj : unsure : i feel ni the most when i get detached from the outside ... i have never felt regret about my doorslamming because i feel good to protect myself ... just like shielding anything that can corrode me . today i feel weak that i didn't protect my own territory ... i will give up logic . in the past i thought logic was very important . but now i know how limited logic is . it's linear , but the world is holistic . there are things bigger than logic . being ... i think about this issue too in this morning : wink : i believe infjs will resonate with it : wink : once doorslamed , forever doorslamed , even though i will still be nice to you ... but you will never be important to me anymore . yup :D n it's wonderful to see that western psychological theories resonate well with indian belief . everything is connected ultimately :) that's ok , there should be a polling for all types : blushed : you have to do mudras with some chanted sound as listed in the cited web . i believe in that too as i believe body and mind are linked together , but i believe the way to meditate may vary a bit in ... '