' i was lucky enough to find two really good friends in high school and we've been friends ever since . we live across the country now and are still close but it has made me much more aware of how ... the united states , though i've bounced around a lot . i was born in new york ( state , not city ) , spent 8 years in the state of arizona , and now i'm in maine . though that's looking to change pretty soon . this scenario is one of those extremely context sensitive situations for me . if it's someone i know and love then i'd probably interrupt and give them a straight honest answer . usually that has the ... * working cashier at hastings * ( age 17ish ) her : hi ! me : hey [ oh wow , it's that cute girl who always wears a tail . huh , that's a weird outfit . ] her : you're in the band aren't you ? me : yeah , i'm in ... saying ' purpose ' sounds rather mystical , but really it's just an easy way to sum up an idea . i'd summarize purpose as finding that which you feel fulfilled and happy doing in spite of ( or even ... i've never had to do anything quite as intense as medical school , but for a while i was attending university full time and working full time . to be honest i don't understand how most people do it , ... i'm currently stuck in option b for the moment . i work as a supervisor , a job that is challenging but that i have come to find utterly unfulfilling . i've found that although i am capable enough for ... this perplexes me , since i have had entirely the opposite experience . every infj i have known , myself included at times , has blamed themselves for their problems , often to the extent that they blamed ... could i ever list shopping as a ' hobby ' ? absolutely not . do i like shopping though ? yes . i'm more of a browser than a ' shopper ' though . for anything other than groceries i tend to spend , what ... rawr , everybody is so inspiring i just have to bust out with a poem ! aaah ! : my thoughts are lost to tangent dreams that course my mind as endless streams compounded by the cogent screams i ... alright , so my first unedited run : test complete ! 75 % intp 7 % infp 6 % intj 3 % enfp 3 % entp ... doesn't even include my personality type ? lol . : cool : i have a challenging issue i'd like some advice on . i have a friend who is convinced he is meant to be unhappy . my so and i invited him to stay with us when he lost his job on the other side of the ... my friends are on their way from arizona for the first time in two years , it will be good to see them again . i was reminded by one of their comments that i really love airports . i love the atmosphere ... my internet is being really crappy so hopefully this doesn't post weird . yeah , though , i know what you mean . there are a lot of men where i work who are at least 6 ' tall . of course i work with mostly ... you seem to have put a lot of time into this , it is rather well thought out . it seems to me though that there is quite a bit of overlap and perhaps it should be interpreted as more of a ... i realized again today that i am short . by american standards i am a midget at 5 ' 6 , but i rarely feel like it . okay maybe when i'm around a group of my friends and i realize that they all tower ... i'm a bit skeptical of the handwriting analysis . i think there is some truth to it but i also think that writing varies too much . unless it only applies to cursive i would think that the ... i can hardly give credit to a single person for being a sensei of sorts for my life . my life has been shaped by so many people in small ways that to think upon it is like watching a brief flash of ... humanity will continue to make mistakes just as it will continue to improve . i see no reason not to subscribe to rational optimism so long as you believe humanity has the ability to change . when the ... i was out driving today and had a deja vu moment . sometimes i drive just so i can enjoy the scenery while i have a cigar , so i was just exploring the back roads hoping to find a new one i hadn't been ... i suppose if i had a spirit animal it would probably be the red-tailed hawk . i used to have dreams with them a lot and had a few rather close encounters when i was younger . i'm not much of a believer ... hmm , i don't get excited very easily either , but depending on the accomplishment i do tend to get somewhat excited . there a lot of things in life that i consider necessary such as work and education ... bored / tranquil i'm so bored at work . it's starting to affect my performance because i'm so sick of the usual routine , i really need a break so i can recharge a bit . vacation has been booked ... to confuse things a little more , i have had a long running theory that i have seen in action at least with people i have known personally . this theory is my own though , and to my knowledge it is not ... i know what you mean . that alone-in-a-crowd feeling is something i've experienced often in a number of places from campuses to meetings . i may be mistaken but i assume that to be a pretty common ... have you ever had a moment when you just felt completely disconnected from an otherwise normal aspect of society ? perhaps even an aspect that you are often a part of even on a daily basis ? share your ... tessavictoria i really don't like showing emotion all that much , specifically around people i am not that close with . i've been accused of being completely neutral / emotionless on several ... it's hard to decide when to move on with a job . i've gotten about as much experience where i'm at as i'm probably going to get unless i somehow get promoted . whether or not there will be an ... i feel enlightened . i've been reading a book that has seemingly filled in a large hole in my inner ' big-picture ' . it has been a while since i've had this feeling . a lot of suspicions i've had over ... ningsta kitty i want to be perfectly honest about your thread . i probably wouldn't have read it unless i saw your post in the random thoughts thread . it wasn't until i saw from an outside ... i feel polarized . i've gone back and forth all day between feeling calm and mildly happy to feeling worn down and melancholy . i just wanted to feel stable and happy today . i don't like bringing other ... started reading a new book called the shallows . i must say i'm captivated by it , though it has me worried that my capacity for thinking deeply is diminished . somniferous see soporific : 1 : a : causing or tending to cause sleep < soporific drugs > b : tending to dull awareness or alertness 2 : of , relating to , or marked by sleepiness or ... i think i've seen that documentary you're talking about . if i remember right in the same documentary they discovered that waking visualization ( visualized to the fullest extent possible ) was also ... i haven't been able to get on ( perc ) as much as i'd like lately and with overtime and people constantly seeking to interrupt my breaks with rampant socializing i'm saddened to think that it will be a ... noticed most people's best friends are n's . my best friend is an isfp and i feel like we are an unlikely pair . never really had a falling out but we do argue a lot , but thats because he likes to ... ive never been a big fan of phone calls , i don't know how to react without seeing the person's face and im constantly fumbling my words even though im pretty fluent in person . i prefer texting . i can ... constrained . i had a good day , especially considering it's the start of a new work week , but after work , then exercising , then making food , i feel like i have no time left to chill . also because ... i am mistrustful of my intuition unless i have absolute certainty in the feeling or unless i can start to piece together why i am feeling the way i am . i've always heard stories where people get this ... la petite sirène sadly i don't think that i have much information associated to songs . though i did once accidentally associate a lot of geometry information with the anime ' golden boy ' . i had it ... i just cleaned up one of the strangest messes so far . someone decided to have hard boiled eggs for lunch and microwaved them . it was at this point that the eggs became unstable , but it wasn't until ... incandescent lighting breathes , upon the bottom of the seas . while enigmatic creatures seethe , in the darkness past the reefs . amid the ancient wooden wrecks , a glowing congregation meets . off the ... i've only been hanging out out in the enfp section for a little while , but i've already been surprised by how many things i've read that have reminded me of stuff i've forgotten . regarding the ... first confession post . it will probably end up kinda ' long . - i confess i sometimes get caught up in an inferiority complex . i feel inferior to my friends because they have more developed careers ... i've never been close to any enfp's in life , at least that i'm aware of . come to think of it i've barely been close friends with many extroverts , which is somewhat disappointing . at any rate , i'm ... finding the right prescription to help with a mental health issue can be tricky , there are a lot of subtleties between some medications . additionally it is important to allow ample time for you body ... i'm noticing a trend her , that many feel they are to blame because they are ' intimidating ' . i know we infj's have a tendency to internalize things , it's kinda ' our thing after all , but like ... depression yes , paranoia no . i may have a mild to moderate streak of paranoia myself , but i can trace it back to specific circumstances . if anything infj's might be prone to schizotypia ( did i ... i must say , thank you for this thread . love it ! digits change to one-oh-five and i settle into routine another night avoiding burdens grasping at resolution such things are not found not so ... i agree completely with this . i dislike the fact that in my mind i'm so articulate and on paper my words so eloquent , but somehow i can't seem to open my mouth at the right time . i'll listen to ... '