' yeah , what is it about strangers ? what is it that they want ? you can barely go outside before they're crawling all around you like zombies with less imaginative makeup . they're out there , walking ... sometimes some things are so loathsome and hard to process verbally that we may need the help of others to properly convey just how awful it is . therefore i've made this thread where you can write ... if others are in a bad mood , i tend to feel it as well , yes . i had a psychologist once who told me i had to learn to differentiate my own emotions from others ' . it was somewhat odd to me because i of ... my rebuttal to this would be ; if you could experience something without the body , why aren't you experiencing it right now or all the time ? if you look at people who have been dead and revived ... my impression was that you're not in the head or heart triad - so you're 8 , 9 or 1 , but i think it's important to first address why you're not a type 6 even though much of the content in your post ... yeah , well , but you didn't ! your mom is so fat that one could make an inappropriate joke about it and still feel sorry for doing so because it's actually a big problem for her that will cause a lot of suffering for her further ... being dead means to not be alive ( usually any more ) , so it depends on what life entails . 1 ) if i slowly replace every neuron in your brain with a functioning , synthetic one , at what point do you ... not wanting to make any connections is not something associated with being an infp or any other type . not even strong introverts want to be completely without emotional connections . it would be much ... thank you . to be candid i'm not even sure if i made it up or got it from somewhere else . of course in the end it's from something i've read or heard . i've always wanted to be a rich dragon walking around in my mansion wearing my morning robes . does that count ? other than that , being extremely lucky would be an amazing ability . i think you're a type 4 . i can see the argument for type 2 because you seem to be high in agreeableness and will avoid conflict in some situations , but do you avoid expressing your own desires and ... it seems that so far you match the best with type 7 . you can read about the type here . you can say if it sounds fitting . you should read about type 9 as well and contrast . mate , that's clearly unfair . anders breivik is super famous by now . jackobuss my first impression reading your response was that type 9 seemed fitting , but 2 and 7 are candidates as well . if you're a strong perceiver , it's unlikely that you're a type 1 , so i would ... okay , i'll give it a try . what motivates you in life ? what emotions are prone of having ? ( and perhaps why ? ) what is an agenda or idea that you care a lot about or work toward ? ( personal , ... to me it seems as if cats differ strongly on their stress response to unknown humans . some are very calm and instantly walk over to humans they don't know , while others keep quite a distance . so some ... haha , i'm guessing my family is / was around average . some have it really bad . my parents were on the verge of divorce for many years but stayed together mostly because of me , which i'm sure is ... i suppose because it seems to me you are making a false equivalence here . big five uses subjectively answered questionnaires to map clusters of personality traits , yes , but it's still considered to ... i have a hard time understanding your perspective . you don't care for the accuracy of big five and yet you seem to be fine with cognitive functions as a valid understanding of human psychology ? ... lavendersnow i don't have time to give you a proper response , but for clarity i'll just say that i made a statistical argument . feeling / thinking as a factor correlates with the big five factor ... i just look to see whether people are introverts , feelers , judgers , etc . often i don't settle on a type but just the most salient traits , like that person is a strong judger or maybe she is high ... i have a hard time understanding how infps ( generally ) are selfish . they are feelers , and feeling correlates with agreeableness ( which is the opposite of selfishness ) , so one would expect infps to be ... well , i like all my friends . a few of them may have traits that i dislike , but then i dislike the traits and not them as people . i suppose i cannot fully emotionally disentangle my friends from their ... i don't really feel bad about it unless if it's a friendship that i really want to maintain . i've had tons of friends that i would just hang out with but never communicate with over text , and they're ... nice projection , mate . i suspect the primary reason your username refers to the head of something else is that you don't have a functioning head of your own . i don't think you should stay in a relationship you don't enjoy , but on the other hand you have to ask yourself the question : if you leave your boyfriend and find another one , will this story repeat ... i just got home from the gym . in one part of the locker room some guy had vomitted on the floor and just left it for the trainers to clean up next morning . some other guy in the locker room said to ... people can be invested in their ideas ( or at least to not be wrong ) for many reasons . most have the belief implanted in them that being wrong is bad and will result in being corrected by a teacher or ... there are many different definitions and version of extroversion . there is jungian , mbti , big five , function-centric ( what's your dominant function ) , where you get your energy from , and some hybrids ... and in the same way you are overly aware of how you see ? which you then start thinking about ? i am familiar with mindfulness and the flow state , but they aren't necessarily the same thing . flow ... i think i have a mild response to aggressive avatars . they may make me think that the poster is also more aggressive in what he is saying even when it isn't evident from anything within the post ... being a j is usually a good thing . some are too much which means they are stubborn and can't let go or relax , but being slightly above average is , in my estimation , a very balanced trait . why ... fwiw , i could see myself in a relationship with an infj . we share a lot of interests , skills , and understand the mutual need for privacy . i always enjoy their company and find most of the women of ... that's not being a j type . that's being a woman : wink : interesting . probably not a strong preference for p or j . are you decisive ? how do you relate to these descriptions ? what kind of problem are we talking here ? if something is important , perceivers can lose sleep over it too or not be able to let it go . many infps will testify to being perfectionists and so even ... it depends on how you define the types . if you are defined by your letter preferences , it's actually easy to relate more to a person of a different type than your own . for instance if you have three ... my communication problems with sensors tend to revolve around the use of generalisations and that i may speak implicitly about patterns or knowledge i have that they don't . it should be noted that ... i hope you don't have a depression . i just felt it was appropriate to suggest it . i hope you don't mind me asking but you got me quite curious . what do you mean by analyzing how you're supposed to ... you have to ask yourself whether you have a depression or not because a lot of what you say suggests that you might . if you need more human contact , perhaps you can move back home to your relatives ... i don't have any raw numbers - you'll have to ask the test makers for that - but i've seen numerous people publicize their results , and what tends to happen is that the functions pair with each other ... i think you should find yourself an introverted boyfriend ( or something similar ) and just take it slowly . at some point all these things will become much easier once you've had good and safe ... i go to the gym most days . i see it as important ( although interchangeable with other forms of exercise ) for my health and mood both in the long and short run . the tendency toward unity and social harmony is necessary for the survival of the species and individual , but like so many other human tendencies it can run wild or venture outside its bounds . any ... infp or intp test - celebritytypes.com they have lots of others quizzes . just go to home on the left option panel :) there is for instance infj vs infp . haha , i got 53 % intj . in the infp / intp i got 73 % intp . maybe it's a sign . shoot :P i suppose i was saying both xd within mb theory ( i . e . what the myers-briggs foundation says ) your functions are given by your letter preferences . however , there are other people , like michael pierce , ... we all blame you for this :P cuddle trafficing ... i see ... i always knew there would be some kind of typical crime committed by infps : tongue : fiiine , i'll get my passport . do we have some sort of union that protects us from ... '