' hard thing to judge for me . the thing is that when i spend some time with some native english speakers i subconsciously start to mimic ( or maybe adapt to would be more accurate ) their accent to a ... 0 negative . :) my native language is czech . it's a bitch to learn - on par with german or russian , for example . difficult to master for czech people ( especially the more recent generations including mine ) , almost ... i personally prefer dark brown eyes , especially with girls ( tbh , i usually don't give a shit about what eye color do guys have , unless it's somehow unusual ... like white , or glowing blue ... but then ... i still consider myself a rookie when it comes to anime , but my most favorite ones so far are : - code geass - shingeki no kyojin ( attack on titan ) - sword art online - fullmetal alchemist - ... oh yes . i'm guilty of those too . :) and : sure , but if you look at it from the other person's point of view ... it seems my explanation must have been too complicated ... ok , again , ... and tries hard not to sound sarcastic . : wink : ok , we've heard all the pros and cons for the fifth time now , could you please finally make a decision ? come on , you can do it ! you can do it ! just concentrate ... what ? ? not again ! ! ! for the love of ... i didn't actually study computer science at the college ( it was the plan , but then i was somehow drawn to the film school instead : laughing : ) , but now i'm back , working as an it specialist and ... sushi . love sushi . :)  op > this is the important part . it's not something that can be figured out in a week . it took me almost a year ( of a very non-intensive research :) ) . most of the on-line tests are poorly written , ... sure . if i die , i won't need my organs anymore , so if it can help someone else , then by all means . i was never bothered by the soul issue ... never thought about it much though ... but i tend to ... sure , no problem . our son is 2.5 years old ( looks like 3 y . o . anyway ) , light hair , blue eyes . our daughter is still unborn , but i'd like you to depict her as about the same age as our son . it's ... man , these are great , i love all of your pics . if you want a suggestion , i think i have a challenge for you . my dad has been diagnosed with leukemia yesterday and his therapy began today . so much ... that's interesting . some dreams i have are in first person , some are in third person , but the latter is much more common these days . sometimes it starts in first person but sooner or later it ends in ... now this thread is a nice reassurance that i really do belong into this group of people . : smile : i can relate precisely to what zosio 913 and liquidlucy have said . truly , i'm a bit shocked about ... it's 2:11 am here now so i think it pretty much answers the question . however , i hate mornings . :) ok , here's another epic one : or two ... or three ... : laughing : lemxn - wow , you dug up this old thing ... awesome ! : laughing : i love mp , i think i've seen everything they've ever made , back in my college days . but ministry of silly walks is one of the best , for ... 381930 3819 38 yup , exactly like that here . :) edit : i usually find flirting ( or could-be-seen-as-flirting-kind-of-conversation ) quite easy , when in the right mood and when it's all about fun ( it's just a kind ... sure , as soon as you run out of memory . :) hahahahaha ! ! this is priceless ! : laughin : now i'm gonna have the image of me tickling hitler's moustache in my head for the rest of the day ... man , this is awesome . : laughing : well ... my wife is isfj ( at least seems to be ) . and yup , it's ... somewhat difficult . she's a really great person and i love her , but her total lack of understanding of my ni-fe side feels a little ... you've said it perfectly , thanks for pointing it out . i wonder , how can people say that the best match is infp , or enfj , or isfj , or whatever , even though it doesn't say almost anything about the ... these matches seem quite romantic : ( sorry , couldn't resist : kitteh : ) dcim specialist . fancy , huh ? it stands for data center infrastructure management and that basically means a bunch of software and hardware stuff which makes sure that server rooms and data centers ... from my experience , bing knows nothing . and jon snow , of course . pretty much so . :) edit val 37 : sure , i'm not saying anything , just wondering . :) btw , you stole the intj idea right from my mind , i was thinking about adding that point too . said the man in cowboy boots while holding his flip phone . and a horse . every infj has one . mine is always horsing around . chad , i'm starting to think that you're conducting some kind of research on ni users . : laughing : the two ( or three ? ) other threads didn't provide enough info ? as for the know without knowing ... i have an enfj brother . we tend to have quite similar thinking , but the difference is that when i'm in some group , i try to fit in , to adapt myself to the group's mood , while he would somehow ... i was doing that a year ago , when i discovered mbti and all this stuff was new for me . but i do it rarely these days , and only with people i know very well ( like my brother , one of a few people i ... it means a nonsense imo . ni users are not supernatural beings and ni is not a superpower . there is no way you can grasp concepts beyond your natural intelligence . but with a well-developed n - and t - ... not really a song , but i absolutely love this ( that kid plays it perfectly ): oh , don't get me started about humor . that's my area of expertise . : laughing : my humor usually contains lot of sarcasm and irony , puns , black humor , etc . with my crazy imagination , i can be very ... and i was always feeling like a weirdo when describing my thought processes and functions in it metaphores ... : laughing : i'm feeling much better now . : laughing : i think this is a very good ... i'm trying to recall if i've ever done that , but nothing so far ... i think that fighting my brother when we were kids doesn't count . other than that , i guess not . during my early 20s , the usual ... i am and it's great . :) as i've already said in the mums thread . it's demanding , but absolutely worth it . i guess my wife would so agree with you ... : laughing : thank you , you're too kind . : happy : it's not always ideal ( sometimes he pushes my nerves very hard ... : laughing :) , but i'm doing my best , i guess . :) in general , i think that infjs can be great ... trust me , it's best for you . - who the hell gave anyone the right to decide what is or isn't best for me ? ? rather not . but i am a father to an awesome little 2 y . o . boy ( smartass like his father ) and another little rascal is on the way . i hope it's gonna be a girl . i always wanted a girl . :) and about ... not sometimes , quite often . it's like describing a rainbow to a blind man . you can try verbalize what you see as hard as you can , but since the blind man never saw anything ( presumably ) , he doesn't ... well ... i don't like surprises in general . and i'm also not big on parties ... but i had my 30th birthday two months ago and my brother along with my wife prepared a suprise party for me . they somehow ... games you say ? where should i start ... : happy : i played a lot of games , especially during my teenage years , so here's a few of my most favorites ( in no particular order ): - mass effect trilogy ... i know this feeling , it's happening to me all the time . my favorite time is 22:22 . :) '