' just read a description of enfj that sounds interesting for christopher , possibly more ambiverted . enfj's tend to go to dark places when they introvert , from what the article said , as well as not ... ok , so here are some excerpts that demonstrate the inner workings of his mind . nt or nf ? a few quotes : “ try it ! ” i say . “ act stupid ! intentionally mispronounce a word , especially in front of ... ahh reading this now ! i agree with bami as entp and ana as entj . hannah = infp . also , what type do you think the court jester analogue johnny would be ? is there a generalized type / stereotype for this ... mostly , but not well / unexplained , which was one of my points . granted , i should have read more thoroughly before posting , but i'm multitasking , distracting myself from backlogs of work . i should also ... permie , i've skimmed through your threads , and while you're obviously intelligent , you're not thinking as outside-the-box as you assume . many of your arguments are unexplained , uncited , ... dopaminergic . for the people who don't have time to read the whole article , i bullet-listed key excerpts . it's longer than i wanted it to be because all of it was spot-on . [ on family ; childhood ; adolescence ; ... fucking yes . this , and the same with involuntary memory sequences . as if eidetically reliving , in the present , a sectioned-off time loop from the past . spiders aren't insects , but are you familiar with the term formication ? i used to fend off bat-shit crazy mofo's in hypnagogia , but love for fellow oneironauts like poe . te hypnopompic state might ... you haven't run the guadalquivir river in seville , spain , then , where homeless men poop and masturbate in public ( mostly early mornings ) . i've had a long , flaccid penis on my shoulder in madrid , on a ... i think there's more to it than that , but thanks for spelunking . really ? several beers in me and i spit knowledge like catherine wheel fireworks , to the point of randomized nonsensical free-association . basically an entp on cocaine . consider this problematic axiom : i propose that 99.9 % of people don't understand the physics i do . of that , 99 % don't care so long as i give them the answers to technologise their lives--answers ... exactly . i have nothing to prove to the world . the world has everything to prove to me . x93itx92s never about me . my supporters use me as a medium to recognize their own form of life . x94 x93liberty is about our rights to question everything . x94 x93there are no outdoor sports greater than ... no , you were a good listener . you wanted to understand . others , not so much . definitely . if someone's too demanding on time , or there are too many people in my life all wanting to do time-consuming things , i'll disappear and see who's still around when i resurface . i'll ... today my roommate was baking and i smelled the cookies burning . i didn't say anything because i like burnt cookies . i'm the only one eating them and i feel like a selfish fatty . but i'm dually ... bane , dark knight rises what if the human race had a simultaneous a-ha moment in which everyone realized how gross pooping is ? it just made sense . no one would touch each other . resultantly , the species died out . problem ... possibly my favorite pastime back in high school . which brings me to my old pet peeve of ' stupid people . ' i dealt with them by making the them think i was more stupid than they were , grinning to ... yea , i realized after i posted . can you delete a thread ? take a number . 43319 magneto . especially where michael fassbender seems to be taking him . the joker seems like an obvious one . iago . strangely fond of voldemort . moriarty . eve ( biblical ) jaws ( the shark ) no regrets , i'm sure you both learned a lot in those years apart . i wish i would have met my ex-girlfriend when we were a little older , but we fell in love young and fast , each making ruinous , ... intpx 92s , like infjx 92s , often take a long time to get to know . even though youx 92ve known each other for eight years , the relationship has been intimate for only a month . give him time and he will open up ... i have an estj father . he does ' it ' his way , which in most cases is the opposite of how i would do it . i learned early on to do things like he wanted when he was around , and as soon as he turned the ... nyc ? i hear there are hipsters there : s but seriously , it's the best place to be if you're into cities ( and that sort of thing ) . i'm moving back in a few months , and it's not that i hate atlanta , ... i just lol'd hard . i've had pretty much the same experiences , especially with moving through different friend sets , and growing up thinking i was freak because i looked and thought differently . which carries over as ... exactly . i live in east atlanta right now , near little five points , which is hipster haven , and i'm constantly cold-shouldered . it sucks because a lot of the time i think i'd get along with the ... yes , and confidence goes a long way , too . i come to the nf forums when i'm tired of being superlogical and / or an ass * * * with the other nt's . something about t-heavy interactivity brings it out of me / us , and it probably comes off stronger ... * socratic troll * i just posted this poem on another thread . it was written by a friend , and i'm trying to figure out his type . he's a poet / writer and i asked him to write a jingle on time . he paused for a couple ... if days stare , then centuries wink , shortly , you longly sleep ; if months crawl , how the years must leap , stretch out , - - your elastic shrink . written by my writer friend . he could be an ... yea , obviously not everyone makes the big bucks , but it's the top players who do who are talked about over and over and over on the telly , which is who i was talking about , basically because their on ... as an intp , i can be a socratic guerrilla . perhaps it gets ___ [ adjective ] , but doing so helps me delve into and understand other people's perspectives ; moreover , i unravel my own . a nuanced ... at home , i don't hug anyone but my mum , who's esfp . she's always gunning for a hug . extended family members , at reunions , it's more handshakes and kisses on the cheek . rarely hug friends unless ... a pair , indeed ! what i'm hearing is i just need to stalk bookstores , libraries and perhaps quiet coffee shops . let's see , why does that sound familiar ? ? haha oh that's right , those are all the places ... i was only speaking about me personally . i was giving my personal opinion , which is what was called for . you're argument is sound and valid ; but i will ask : when their professional career is ... you have good points , but it's really just a clash of as-of-yet unexplained perspectives . firstly , if i was good enough to play professionally , i wouldn't bitch and moan about contracts . i ... consolation prize ... :d ry : great post . if ' why ? ' is the best question , then i'd say ' why not ? ' is a close second . once you consider all the why's , and you find the answers , whether they're predicated by fact or subjective ... uncanny . i did the same thing . i'd often stare myself into a trance . yes , exactly . i can't shake the thought : i don't exist . at least not in terms of how i perceive myself . when i was little i would jump in front of mirrors , like : surprise , i do exist ! in ... i've been asking myself the same thing . i feel like an infj in my life would be the best thing that ever happened to me . forgive me , you're absolutely right ; i'm not a proper ' fan . ' i learned the ins and outs from playing . i continue to enjoy playing , and attending live matches when possible . what i don't have patience ... [ edit : a shoulder to cry on ] jk-joking , that never happens . they come to me for information on media events like the possibly discovered god particle , which i consider a misnomer , all this ... i feel like a caveman , especially when i watch sports in a group setting , where there's a throng of men adrenalising on couches . i'm an athlete , but i can't spectate ( unless it's the eurocup , the ... '