' so i'm graduating and my plan was to move into an a place with some friends while i work for a year just to kind of think about what to do next . i don't have a job atm but i'm not worried about ... i live in tx . i have two friends to both claim to be infj who use to live in tx . now they're in new york and i believe oregan . i've recently started to do the whole doing pieces of art for people . but i dont really know how i should go about doing this . like should i start making business cards ? should i do a website . i ... cant really describe it , people say i dress well and that im the fashion guy so i would say i dress nicely . all my jeans are slim fit or skinnies . i have pair of red slims i wear occassionlly . ... like speedy said i fall hard and fast depending on how often im around the woman . but my intuition keeps me in check to not be too intense and to essentially ' play it cool ' . just let him know thats ... childhood dream job : video game artist today dream job : illustrator / writer ( making my own comics would be ideal , wouldnt mind video game artist either ) current job : part time sales associate at ... i dont know how ignorant or naive the guy is to signals , but he might've not realized you were asking him out . did you straight up say we should go out ? i dont know , i was fairly unaware of ... im not tattoo'd but i think about getting one from time to time . i would know exactly what i would want too . though part of me likes looking like a blank canvas . i get told that i would be able to pick up women easily as i have a chill / calm demeanor . i think it weirds people out that i generally talk to women without trying to get in there pants that minute ... thanks guys ! i think thats more so what she meant about interacting with women for relationships , to be not as worry some i guess . she knows me well enough to know im not a player of sorts , she ... i would like to do the same thing one day too :D major : english w / art and design minor mbti : infj i enjoy the classes im taking for both classes , very fun . i tried graphic design and ... with me i doorslam because i dont want to have to deal with said person , at least for that time . if i run into them i will act like things are cool because i dont want any conflict . but besides ... its been a while since ive made a thread so hello fellow infjs ! anyway , ive been getting out more in recent months . ive been with a counselor for roughly 6 months whose helped me cope with my ... i took 2 years of spanish in middle school , then 3 years of japanese in highschool . i wouldnt say im fluent or could really carry a conversation with either languages to be honest . im taking ... this is my worry though . i feel like if i ever got in a relationship with a woman i would be willing to give up achieving or at least striving for success because of this woman and family . i also ... i think so . if i ever got married i know for sure that i would want kids . thats nice to hear ! ive been leaning close to the idea of going for a masters in creative writing at a top english university in the states . and if that doesnt work im thinking editor like someone ... sounds like you should get the wii u . but rumors of the next nintendo console being annouced at next years e3 . so whether you are someone you likes to get a console when it comes out or the ... most likely if the world went to shit and laws were essentially thrown out the window . for surivival i would do what i got to do . otherwise , unless someone harmed something or someone close to ... ive made alot of college threads in the past year , not saying this is my last one but some guidance would be cool . i have no clue what i would do with this degree . i rather enjoy the classes im ... ive switched up my diet a lot in the pass few months and still workout roughly the same as i always did ( like 3 times a week for an hour ) . im slighly toned and also pretty skinny . im 6 ' 4 at 170lbs ... i think i want to get married but probably not till im like 30 and if i do i will most likely have kids . im kind of terrified of the idea of raising them though , i would hope to give them a good ... i think im a moderate 6 . so like a 6.5 , around that . interestingly your father sounds alot like my dad . he has a sense of entitlement as well . he's also been in many scenarios that you have described , and can be pretty manipulative as well . anywho ... 350506 did this a few days back . im sorry to hear that man , sounds rough . i have pretty bad anxiety and depression myself but luckily i have some pretty good roommates and the overall atmosphere of the university is pretty good . ... i remember reading that the show got canceled . is it still on nbc ? i think i read a vice article about cornell university , or it might've been columbia . it was in a perspective of a student who seemed to be going through the same thing you are currently or were ... anyway good luck ! i was generally the guy my friends in high school would talk tonif they had problems . and to some degree my recent roommates do that as well . but im not needed as much which feels weird to me . not ... game of thrones , hannibal , walking dead , modern family , sense 8 . theres a show called mr.robot starting on the 12th i think . it looks good enough to check out .  ... nah , i might give my opinion or debate about the other persons belief system and challenge there ideas . though i would never covert someone . life is all about perspective . if your not hurting me ... im not sure , but i remember as a kid being disappointed when i found out men couldn't have children . i dont even remember why i felt that way haha a few months ago i was hanging out with my roommates and we were having a bonding moment . and one of them told me they love the ' silent confidence ' i have which comepletely blew my mind because i ... smash for sure haha dashing i only have 2 years left of college right now and i rather not pursue an entire degree that i have little interest in . but i know computer science has some aspect of software development so ... he has to be into you . i dont like to touch people often , unless i have a few drinks in me or something . like others said hes probably testing the waters . take in consideration how he normally ... convex and byteme the computer science minor at my university only requires at least a c in college algebra and a class in discrete mathematics . i enjoyed math when it was in algebra my freshmen ... 6 ' 4 and 170lbs . i might weigh more than that but its been a while since ive used a scale . it is uncoventional for sure , but i feel like it might be worth the risk . and im doing it precisely for the variation as i felt like i would feel unfulfilled sticking with just one major and a ... if we are talking about appearence , i have a certain type that i find physically attractive , but im not looking for model beauty either . personality plays a huge role . at the university im at there ... its been a while since i've been on this site and commented or anything . life has been kind of weird in the past year . but anyway i want some insight on what people think about me getting back into ... i dreamt i was burning in hell . fairly long nightmare , partially had to do with my asthma breathing at the time . also make sure you're exercising for yourself . dont do it for others , its more fulfilling that way . i like romance quite a bit . i tend to feel like whenever im reading / watching / writing something that lacks romance in a plot it feels stale . theirs this empty hole that i personally think needs to ... the male nfs i know all seem to be committed / passionate people . im not one to bounce around when it comes to people or work / hobbies . if anything i fi d it draining to do that , which i try to avoid ... england ghana australia japan south korea china ireland switzerland netherlands canada * waits to hear about peoples love stories * mom isfj : she kind of has this weird parenting approach where she claims i can do what i want but at the same time doesnt want me to . she wishes for me to talk to her more , but when i do it ends up ... '