' words have little meaning without actions . i was curious how many members had two parents of the same mbti type and what that was like for them growing up . it seems like i am always posting this reference but it really explains this thoroughly ... effective dominant extraverted intuitive types are comfortable glossing over facts and details as they ... there is a nice article here that describes the effect the inferior function has on a person . much of what you posted is alluded to in the section on how inferior si manifests in entp's and enfp's . ... the functions are what separates the istp from the istj , how can they not be considered ? focusing on precision , details , etc . makes me want to scream , even though i'm good at that . you're not an istj ... allowing someone other than myself to drive ... and i hate driving . wow i should have read the thread date . still the above is nice to keep in mind . there is a problem here . in socionics , you have to switch the j and the p for the introverted types . so an istj in mbti would be an sli-istp . socionics types : sli-istp that would make the ... quotes from dominant te types regarding how inferior fi affects them : estj : “ i bounce from task to task with no results . i have internal arguments with myself , but i can ’ t come to any conclusion . ” ... a istj wants to be on time for an event because being punctual is one of their personal values ( fi ) . they will then create a procedure or system to follow to ensure that they will arrive on time ... the te / fi axis attitude is , what do you ( i ) want ( fi ) and how can we ( i ) get it ( te ) ? introverted feeling ( fi ) is a function that deals with the personx 92s own individual feelings and beliefs . fi ... i dislike driving . for me ne is paralyzing . i have found in my case that too many possibilities is a bad thing . i am probably to solitary to have an ideal partner . i am content with solitude . 5w6 sp this always has and still does sound irrational to me . understanding the dominant and inferior function can help you find out what your type is . your inferior function will produce certain manifestations when you are under stress . isxj have ... i do this all the time . i hate waiting for someone when we agreed beforehand to leave at a certain time . : angry : chess ranks # 1 in my favorite games list . playing a computer turn based strategy game with an entp friend is irritating . we have never finished one game ! he always wants to start over and try different combinations and strategies . : angry : 5w6 , 2nd of 3 . what are traits and things that make you feel more comfortable around someone ? i like being around other people who have it together and are not a walking train wreck . to be honest , ... i have found it helpful when typing to refer to the inferior function which manifests during stress . istjs have inferior ne which leads to the following behaviors : • loss of control over facts ... 1 . what kinds of colors do you like ? bright , muted , warm , cool , vibrant , neutrals ? i wear all colors . the colors depend on the style ( casual , semi-formal , formal etc . ) . 2 . what about patterns ? ... 5 - 1 - 3 : exacting , methodical and organized 314265 i would like to suggest that the thread type five compatibility be stickied in the type 5 sub forum . this thread is stickied in all the other enneagram sub forums . portrait of an istj this is the page that got me in to mbti and how i found out i was an istj . i don't know about others but nearly everything fits . a few excerpts : istjs are quiet and ... tested as an enfp . i typed her as an enfj . no question an enfx . i enjoy creating digital art . i am more technical than creative though . i post some of my work online : gbreal ( gregory betsey ) - deviantart link : socionics - the16types.info - mbti : form of the inferior function i believe understanding how the dominant and inferior functions manifest is very helpful / important when trying to type ... istj have inferior ne which manifests in particular ways . the link below shows how each inferior function manifests . socionics - the16types.info - mbti : form of the inferior function this can ... they have never seen it . this is the key for me and one of my reservations about the whole idea . based on my interactions with this infp , the differences between the way we view things are as clear as night and day . ... ... you are listing your interests in your personalitycafe profile and then when you've finished your list you go back and re-list them in alphabetical order ... :d ry : p . s . i just did this today ... i , a istj artist was thinking about creating a piece of artwork to give to a infp friend of mine . would a infp like this sort of thing ? i don't relate to si being impressionistic . like morphyous stated when looking an object i am more inclined to focus on the individual details . you can't be serious ... :d ry : i would choose to be what i am : istj . i forgot ( ! ) to include : psychology mbti enneagram oldhams personality styles chess digital art music production research history you can't get any more istj than a checklist . : happy : interestingly , i don't know any confirmed ni dominant or auxiliary users . however , there are several ne users i know well . '