you're very right , i blew it way out of proportion ! i realized that after a few days . now you're just embarrassing me ! thanks guys . i'll see her again soon for sure , and i don't care if it goes nowhere . we are cool people who hardly know each other , and i know that she's certainly not an insecure or selfish person . thanks , you're right . i am unbelievably impatient with life . heartbreak is that whiny voice in the back of your head that makes you pay attention to the lyrics of every sappy love song you hear . i met her through another friend at a party . i added her the ... why ? spirit animals are very , very serious business ! now tell me what yours is . i took this question to the intj forum and got banned on the day . is it animals or entps that you guys hate , or do you just hate everything nice and awesome in general ? just kidding of course . it ... i like brainstorming , and notemaking is sometimes enjoyable . rarely look back to my old notes though . it sure will start to get better soon - around 20 . the change for the better will be so amazing that it'll almost feel like a miracle . holy crap ! that was so genorous of you to share yourself with me like that . thanks . i've become quite full-hearted now , and it reminds me of myself at early childhood . i think i am learning to be ... my life has become quite awesome . i have learned to understand myself better , and through understanding myself i can understand everything else much more clearly . i'm trying out new things that ... recently i've been finding myself getting angry at people for being boring . it feels like it's been so long since i started this thread . only two weeks ! i was quite worried that i'd stay like that forever . i've become very sociable now , and just going for a walk out to town ... i'm almost twenty now . i think that i'm maturing , but i'm not sure where i'm headed . i feel as if i am finally starting to really make use of my emotions . after a period of being outgoing , i've ... how did you get there ? this is an important thread . always seems to happen once the exams are over and the holidays start . <sting> strange is the feeling when people laugh at the wrong part of your joke imagine : you are granted the single-use superpower of graffiti . this power will allow you to inscribe , just by thinking it , a short message of a few short sentences onto any man-made structure of ... thanks ! can you tell me what the implications of the differences between the order of cognitive functions among entps may be ? for example , i see that you are quite different to me . ' yes ' to what ? i read that entps have the tendency to be very conscious of their image . i feel that i am also quite image-conscious , in that i want to be seen as a fun and popular person . therefore it frustrates me ... today i was wishing i could be a touchier person . i think that giving someone a hug certainly requires a solid level of self-love and faith , because offering a hug has so many implications : it is ... dude , this is awesome ! i'd been theorising and strategising my approach on life for some time , and i knew i was onto something . trying to practice using something that you're not used to is a ... yeah , ' observant mode ' is a very suitable way to put this . nowadays , it happens to me frequently , sporadically and for prolonged periods of time . so i often feel like i'm letting people ( and myself ) ... this is a good theory , which i was also considering last night . i feel as if i am learning to allow emotions and past memories have a greater effect on my life . speaking of broken , so is the quote-box i tried to make . [ quote = gingertonic ; 2557547 ] i think it's hilarious that a young entp is like giving a kid an automatic rifle and sending him out the front door into the world . quote ] your sentence is broken ; i ... thank you so much guys ! you are very knowledgeable people . this is true . it's why i eventually joined the forum in the first place . i could see that my problem was being less balanced ; the ... so , ne can be encouraged by questions , huh . what is ti driven by ? a pattern i've noticed is that i will feel the need to choose to be either ' silly and fun ' or ' serious and cool ' in the way i act - ... i guess that what i really want to know is : how do i ' turn it on and off ' at will ? i do seem to be able to turn it off at will quite easily now ( perhaps the result of years of practicing not ... that's exactly what it is - a very difficult kind of self-consciousness , because it doesn't stem from any ' social problems ' as far as i can tell . how can i make it so that ne is always on ? i want to ... is it an entp trait to be unstable with their extraversion / introversion ? my case : i'm still a teen ( only just by a few months ) , and have been changing and growing rapidly recently . i can say ... can't see the picture ! i wish i was better at initiating hugs with people , because they always like my hugs . i have to be in the zone to confidently give out hugs . how do you guys pull it off so well ? and i didn't even have to say anything - how efficient ! now you're all just making me proud of myself . stop it , lol . this thread seems related . it seems that a lot of other entps are confused by their mixture of ... welcome , dude . you sound like a cool person ! i have noticed that i have days when i am just so happy and full of love , sociable and charming - people i meet during those moments are always very friendly to me afterwards . when i am not in that ... surely he's just complaining about all the competition . highschool was just silly . in uni , my favourite has always been epidemiology . it's very awesome . this is awesome , because i like this cool girl that i met some time ago and was curious about what her type might be ( and she seems like an infj ) . whose ne and sex drive are you talking about , kod ? i noticed that my friend who has the reputation as ' the funny one ' tends to repeat his successful jokes on people who haven't heard them yet . on the other hand , i rarely repeat jokes because ... how did you all guess my type so easily ? i feel shallow now , lol . holy cow , my thread is so popular . this is awesome . thanks for the welcome , fellow boob lovers ! hey guys . i like boobs , because they are interesting . so i put a descriptive representation of boobs in the title , in order to yield more and better responses.also , i am new . welcome me ! holy crap , you guys just invented the sarcasm font .