' whether i buy a paperback , hardback or e-book depends on whether the book i'm buying is fiction or non-fiction . pertaining to non-fiction ( history , science , biographies , etc . ) , i always buy a ... i don't give out any unspoken social cues . they're too ambiguous to be an effective communication tool . i prefer direct communication . this , needless to say , has created some issues when ... i have a tendency of keeping my interests to myself . i find activities , both cerebral and physical , far more enjoyable if i perform them on my own . people change their environment in order to fit ... people misinterpreting my speech and body language as trying to convey emotional cues when in fact , i did not . whenever i use the term argument , people automatically assume that with hostile ... people misinterpret my speech and body language very often . they assume that i'm conveying emotional cues when in fact , i am not . for instance , whenever i use the term argument , people ... a few of my favourite pastime activities include : - reading . i prefer books regarding science and history , although i also enjoy fantasy and sci-fi novels . - listening to podcasts , usually ones about ... the concept of ' being a jerk , ' as many people put it , is based on ethical standards , which are entirely subjective , and differ from person to person , and as such saying that ' ___ group are jerks . ' is ... i like to look at assertions such as those regarding witchcraft from two different perspectives ; the empirical , and then the creative . i have observed absolutely zero evidence of its truthfulness , ... i have become interested in how the inferior function manifests in people , specifically when it comes to interactions between types who have reverse dominant and inferior functions . since injs and ... double post . you saw nothing . what types were your parents ? my mother is an esfj . my father has not taken the test , but i suspect he is either intp or intj . which parent were your closer to ? i'm not particularly closer ... why are people so prone to irrationality ? i cannot even count the amount of times people have rejected logic and / or facts simply due to it not feeling right or said logic / fact ( s ) breaking a taboo ... i tend to write in a very long-winded manner , usually because i find that my thoughts are too nuanced to describe in just one or two sentences . normally i try to be as concise as possible , but ... i have found that i'm good at reading people in the sense that i can put multiple things that they have said and / or done and glean their motivation for behaving a certain way . however i'm rather ... the truth is always more important that the emotions of an individual . yulia's potential suicide is not my responsibility , it's hers , in the same way that the general fallout of revealing her ... my personal definition of manipulation is use of deceitful tactics to persuade an individual to do / think / feel / say something . since its inherently deceitful , i consider it to be one of the most ... i've never gotten high , but in general i have found that types with primary fe ( esfj and enfj ) are the most intimidated by my te . i distinctly remember one instance in which an enfj that i knew ... i never had a role model growing up . sure i had my parents , but they were prone to expecting me to do as they said based solely on their authority , which i refused to do from a young age , so i never ... this is actually excellent advice , thank you . we intjs require all the assistance you can give us , human whisperer person . oh , you . : wink : has anyone ever had trouble with people explaining points that are based on abstract distinctions to sensors ? i've always seen the sensor-intuitive dichotomy as a spectrum rather than absolutes , and ... i'd love to give you a blowjob ! wait , that's just what most men like to hear . real ones from now on . i'll defer to you . i understand . you're right , facts are more important than ... i have only ever met two esfjs . one is my mother . she's okay , can be really goofy and silly , which is either amusing or vexing depending on what mood i'm in , but ultimately a bit too clingy and ... intj male masculine : 78.333 / 100 feminine : 32.5 / 100 androgynous : 50.833 / 100 as a concept i find time travel endlessly appealing . there is nothing more i would love than to correct mistakes i have made in the past . as for changing the past in significant ways , such as the ... i like to differentiate between feminists , sjws and the regressive left . feminists are relatively a mixed bag . the more casual feminists are most likely fine , however the more radical elements of ... i'm from the uk . here most people seem to be very introverted , and extroverts are generally viewed as being loud and unpleasant , so that aspect of my personality is generally accepted . we brits are ... i could respond to this thread ... whatever , i'll do that later . there is no evidence that any of religion is factual , thus it must be considered false . the burden of proof lies on the one making the positive claim . so if someone makes the claim that a god exists , ... i was about one year old . my first word was clock . i don't have much interest in having children . i like to think that by deciding not to , i am refusing to contribute to the earth's current overpopulation problem . that , and i find the prospect of ... i don't really have a favourite game , however i do have a few which i really enjoy . i don't purchase that many games anymore , so many of my favourites are quite old . star wars : empire at war ... no , not really . i find the law questionable at times , but i don't actively break it either . i follow social etiquette up until the point where it becomes counter-productive . but no , i don't conform ... i have had similar feelings before . when close relatives have died in the past , i never shed a tear . i'm mildly upset for a few minutes before returning to my daily activities unaffected . since i ... i'm not sure if i should congratulate you or apologise in advance . your results seem very mild relative to my own . i scored 81 % introvert , 56 % intuitive , 84 % thinking and 47 % judging . either i'm a ... 1 ) on a scale of 1-10 , how would you rate your current mood , with 1 being extreme sadness and 10 being extreme happiness ? 6 2 ) in relation to your current academic studies , on a scale of 1-10 ... 19 years old . i will be twenty early next year . non-fiction . knowledge must be preserved as much as possible . fiction , while is very important aspect of our society , is not necessary for the survival and progression of civilisation . right now i'm studying biomedical science . i plan on studying another degree in astrophysics when i'm finished with this one . even though the concept of having a long-term monogamous relationship has always appealed to me , i don't find marriage to be particularly useful in any way whatsoever . the marriage ceremony will cost ... no . not because i have a dislike of children , and not because i think they will be a burden . the truth is , i have always been a very reclusive and inexpressive person , even by intj standards . i'll ... have you ever experienced the phenomenon of people telling you how you feel ? i have noticed that people always assert that i am feeling a certain way , yet their assertions are usually completely ... i agree . it's just an excuse to indulge in material gain and the adoration of others . it can be enjoyable to plan a social event with a few close friends , but i am not a fan of the constant facebook ... i have the exact same issue . i don't have much problem following authority whose views and goals are congruent with my own , but if that authority figure opposes my own ideals and goals and / or is not ... i tend to be rather ambivalent / apathetic about culture in general . studying culture is useful for understanding the behaviour of other people , but it really doesn't have any other practical uses ... i usually don't wear a social mask unless there are practical benefits to it . if the person cannot provide anything of value to me , i simply don't put the effort in to be social . but when i find a ... who do think within the industry of cinema and television has undeservedly been placed on a pedestal by their cult following ? i'm not referring to their celebrity status , as i think all celebrities ... i wouldn't say that i'm sociopathic , but rather i have selective empathy . i only empathise , and consequently open up , to people that i find to be genuinely worth the effort . excluding those few ... hello everyone . recently i have become interested in the phenomenon known as groupthink , referred to colloquially as an echo chamber . for those who don't know , groupthink occurs when the desire ... yes , the laws of causation demand it . the only other option is to believe in a predetermined fate or destiny , but that completely contradicts the laws of causation . '