' two problems : - pasting text or inserting an emoticon when editing a private message causes the textbox to automatically scroll to the bottom , which is really annoying in long messages . ( i think ... it also provides a higher quality of interaction to those who lack suitably interesting acquaintances / friends . tell me about it . :d ry : just the other week my best friend randomly blew up ... who we comfort and nurse back to health ? ( i think my fi is showing ... ) i think you might be conflating whipping and abuse . bondage ( which you included above ) and whipping can both be used for abuse or romance / sexual activity . the connection to romance is harder to see , ... fi thread is that-a-way . a ) if only b ) the irony of this sentence made me cringe so what you're saying is that it's easier ( and more obvious to the enfps ) if we wear skirts and dresses . i must try this sometime ... last week : whether or not you deserve something is entirely under your control . ( explanation ) it's rather enjoyable , though not at all worth my time unless there's a strong emotional connection with my partner . speaking personally , very much so . speaking objectively , iirc it was an ... as are you . :p roud : i do , but reminders are always appreciated . :p roud :: cool : [ deleted ] . maybe you should just go with a chicken squawking , that way it'll look like some kind of running gag . : tongue : no . he was a musician , so that makes you a groupie . : tongue : here's the main difference between intjs and entjs : the tertiary function . i think the tertiary function is the most significant here because we both possess ni and te in high levels , but the ... thanks for the recommendations , i'd heard some good things about lamy . one question though : why is it that no-one makes fountain pens with retractable nibs ? it's significantly faster than removing a ... i was meaning to try one once , but it was a real pain to find a cheap one * in my area , and i never got around to buying one online . i currently use gel ink pens since they're so much smoother than ... i have one enxp friend who uses the phantom of the opera . also , the other day in a lecture i heard someone whose sms notification is the sound of a tardis . mine is an instrumental version of a ... it's the visual part . can you visualize more than 3 dimensions ? i certainly can't . the inference drawn from that is that if you have to visualise ni , then you're limited to 3d . 16 - bit audio ... what kind of ringtones do you guys have ? also , what's the most interesting / memorable ringtone you've heard ? people probably didn't believe this thread could exist here before we created it . nothing is certain - you might as well try . agreed . i think this is why we may be unable to agree . i don't believe a universal truth exists - it seems inherently subjective . if there is a universal truth , it can exist only by being the ... then i suggest you get a fake driver's license . : tongue : what you were saying visual ni . ( though i may have misinterpreted the idiom . ) to expand , the idea of visual ni means ni is limited to forms which can be visualised . i . e . 3d . since ni is abstract , ... i disagree with the definition provided . the op's video stated that a bigot was someone who only got their information from critiques of the position . a critique is defined as a detailed analysis ... ni doesn't lend itself to visual representations very well . he seemed to max out on ni , ne , si and se ( correct me if i'm wrong ) , so relying on the thinking and feeling functions , coupled with his ... anything of interest to me , anything intellectual but accessible ( you're probably going to lose me if you start talking about history ) , and anything about ideas or systems . it depends a lot on the ... aawww .. ! this is why i love intjs ! [ / quote ] only an infp would say this . i'm afraid i have bad news for you . enfps never grow up - they just grow slightly larger and gain driver's licenses . there are more important things than efficiency . once your close enough with an intj , you'll often be allowed spontaneous hugs . but try any of those without the prep work and you're answer will be ... in hindsight , it's the wrong approach . the aim shouldn't be to find the best candidate , but rather the candidate that meets your requirements . i think most intjs would turn down the best if they ... ... are you expecting us to read your mind ? or perhaps not respect your wishes ? i'm sorry , but this just seems contradictory . so what does your fi sound like ? there isn't much that can be done if you are in different places . still , i can't help but feel sorry for you - maybe i'm naive , but finding someone who you're ... as i said , it depends a lot on the teachers . some are decent people interested in education , others are petty people interested in power and a paycheck . funnily enough , it's my te that says this . my fi is all i don't wanna and can only be placated if i let it play for a bit . it depends a lot on the teachers . i've had similar experiences , and i think a lot of them were just happy to have someone interested in learning . people become teachers in order to teach , after all , ... i don't do it as often as i'd like , but it works really well for me . my concentration improves significantly and my mind becomes much clearer . it does make me more introverted though , so my thoughts ... i'm the same - i have a real soft spot for girls that are sweet , kind , gentle , friendly / sincere , or anything like that . there's just this sudden empathetic link that makes me do what i can to make ... you do . that's why i'm working on a plan to harvest enfps and put them in a massive juicer . that way , i can enjoy freshly squeezed enfp juice every morning . spoken like someone who has never ... things my fi has told me : - kill him ! just hurry up and kill him already ! - you're being unrealistic . there's no way you're going to achieve that . - i hate you . it's a good thing i don't listen to ... it was sincere , and involved a level of analysis . most of the compliments i get are superficial , which is disappointing . taking the time to fully understand what i'm saying ( or to understand me ) is a ... consider how much money the average professional athlete earns . now consider how much money the average robotics engineer earns . you'd also have the added advantage of driving interest in the stem ... if that's the response you're looking for , nudity might be more effective . a compliment is likely to get you a confused ' thanks ' , or a smile at best . and once you'd gotten the mail , you slipped them off , never to venture outside again ( that day ) . it's the corollary of rule 34 - if you can think of it , there's a site dedicated to it . link from an intj's perspective : tell us about that time you tied your shoes there is nothing wrong with the planet . the people are fucked . - george carlin george carlin - saving the planet - youtube human sacrifice . i miss that . - george carlin i think a lot of us are just really sensitive to it , as well as valuing personal space . i'm always really aware of it when someone's touching me - it's like there's a siren going off in my head . as a ... i kept waiting for the violin-backing to evolve into something more complex , but it never did . :( if it had something with a ( neo ) classical basis it would have felt way more powerful ... though i ... big breasted females need hugs too . :P depends on the hugger . and the huggee . amusingly , i used to frequent that one before i came here . they seem a lot more imbalanced than the pc intjs - i think the presence of other types has a positive effect on us . ( plus there are way ... '