' you are by charlie wilson . the portable henry rollins 4 ' 8 female my istp boyfriend's birthday is dec . 24th and he never makes a big deal out of it . i have very few close friends . the ones i have include my boyfriend and our mutual best friend . since they live far away i don't get to see them very often . i know a lot of acquaintances though . i'm talkative around my boyfriend and closest friends , and fear that sometimes i talk too much . they always say they don't mind and i'm doing fine with keeping the conversation going , and ... definitely an accurate description for the way my istp boyfriend and i are with one another :) i'm spiritual with interests in agnosticism , some aspects of buddhism , humanism , and eastern orthodoxy . i was raised roman catholic and stopped attending church very often somewhere in my mid-teens . i'm procrastinating about something right now , in fact ... i really need to be more motivated so i can get things done . type : isfj occupation : student in a creative writing program ideal job : microbiologist ( unfortunately this is out because i have bad eyesight ) the fault in our starsu 200b by john green ( i saw the movie last saturday ) . i joke around with my boyfriend and my best friend ... occasionally with my family . i don't memorize other people's jokes though . before i met my istp boyfriend in person , our mutual best friend informed me of how indifferent he is , but also added that he might be a lot different with someone he loves . it turned out that he ... my best friend said this to me in late march and i thought it was sweet : the thing i love and notice the most about you is how encouraging you are and uplifting to everyone . you never judge ... my type : isfj rating : 1/10 ( i was voted most shy in high school ) isfj . i come from a roman catholic family . i attended church every sunday for years , then stopped . i still find church very boring , so i rarely go . i did like the eastern orthodox church service i ... personality type : isfj interests : classical , rock , oldies , gregorian chant , byzantine chant , pop ( mainly backstreet boys and one direction ) , swing , acappella , acoustic , piano , certain movie ... * condescending people * narcissism * abusive / neglectful people * bullies * people who are constantly angry * passive-aggressiveness * people who don't take responsibility for their actions * ... my top five : 1 . eternal sunshine of the spotless mind 2 . amelie 3 . aladdin 4 . a walk to remember 5 . sense and sensibility hi , earworms ! it's nice to find another person who has the same combination of personality types ( even though they're switched in this case ) . this is the first time i have seen that thread , so i will ... thanks for posting this thread ! i'm an isfj and my current boyfriend is an istp so i'm trying to understand him better . personality and bonding are important to him . hi ! welcome to personalitycafe ! : happy : welcome to the forums ! hope you enjoy your time here . :p roud : behindsmile - i can completely relate to the 30 - second rush of love you've described . the difference is that i don't say it out loud and simply enjoy the moment . in my romantic relationship , i ... my mom took the mbti years ago . i think she was an enfp . she's an ambitious , friendly , enthusiastic person and constantly encourages me to be more bold and try new things . she is thick-skinned while ... great thread ! 1 . how do isfj's view love ? well , i firmly believe two people can have a strong , healthy , happy relationship . my parents ' marriage is a great example . my mom and dad are truly ... hello ! welcome to the forum ! hope you enjoy your time here . welcome to personality cafe ! hope you enjoy your time here . that's neat that you live in sweden - i've been interested in the country for a while . welcome to personality cafe . :) hope you have a great time here ! ( and in response to your first post , that's happened to me more than once . ) personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? wistful ( on here ) - any nicknames ? - * male / female / trans ? female . location - where were you originally born ? where do you live ... welcome :) hope you have fun here . i'm in a great relationship and i'm happy about it . :) i'm like that , too . i over-think all the time . my confidence level varies ... i'm working on believing in myself more . let's see how this stacks up : follows the rules [ most of the time ] , polite [ most of the time ] , fears drawing attention to self [ depends on the situation ] , dislikes competition [ i like some ... my nephew and i saw this movie and we both enjoyed it . the book is different in several ways ( i'll have to ask my nephew what they are ) . hi , everyone , how are you ? * waves * i enjoy learning about personality types , and found this forum a couple of days ago . after taking a plethora of personality tests over the years , i found out that i ... '