 if you can't spend 5mins you'll always have 48 sec . i want to become vihart of india i am wondering if any one would stumble upon my video probably it goes viral and i become a sensation . btw i am tamil ( ethnic / language ) intp . from third world poor ... hey it's sad that i am tamil ( language / ethnic group ) i posted a math video no body has viewed it yet except me could you watch and let me know if i have a potential to ...  thought i might get a couple of views for this poor guy in internet . : wink :: wink : i was interested in manth since my 8th grade , dusted few books from my library trying to grasp the underlying beauty with varied satisfaction . i am a engineering graduate , i have ... i had a random thought yesterday about squares . i am sharing this to a bunch of strangers scattered corners of the earth . you'll hear my voice and hand explaining ... i had this thought about squaring numbers , its beautiful i think 19 hrs ago . i am reflecting upon it again . this video is like one of those videos you find in ... this thread is pointless . indention was messed up some pick to put things into prespective 6968976969 05696913 i am wondering if some one in some corner of this earth would run this code , if it happens to be you please ... hi if you happen to know python please feel free to post a snippet of your code and let me know something interesting about it . here's mine : import pygame , sys from pygame.locals import * ... don't worry eventually you will cease to exist . there would be cold dark winters without you . what would be if i wont be , i wont hear , i wont touch , i wont eat , i wont breathe , i wont move . i wont feel , i wont lie , lust , desire think , feel happiness or pain , i wont be sad or mad or ... i am not an american , but here's what i think . all success would look glorious and well planned in retrospect . all losses and defeats of past are easy to dissect and analysed to find folly and ... poverty starvation python and django . is any one here who knows any of these or all of these ? 1.html css 2.python 3.django 4.javascript 5.jquery 6.sql 7.assembly coding 8.differential calculus there is more to math than just calculation and computation . i discovered this when i tried to understand finding maxima , minima and saddle points on a curve using differentiation . i discovered the ... when heroism and fights becomes as simple as supermario www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlgm-p2a9ei i could watch this all night long . can someone tell me how to turn this one into gif . i'd love to ... strange floating clot on the head top of my right testicle is worrying me . is alreet his name , your twin brothers ? what if you are sure he isn't your twin brother say he's dressed funny or something ? if you meet someone who looks exactly like you in a crowded street in a very close proximity ? what would you assume ? / how would you act / react ? would you doubt yourself saying ... - wait .. this ... it took me long before i learned to embed youtube video . www.youtube.com/watch?v=pr8gHk-Cg-A revolt [ video = youtube ; yr5apyxku - u ] www.youtube.com/watch?v=yr5apyxku-u [ / youtube ] thank you . i would love to start a cult fallowing , and becoming a revolutionary , i am working towards it . as of now i am undergoing training to work in a company on outsourced projects sort of ... wish i had his superpowers www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2v1mb_vxgw www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8q9ey_0bjg www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ri_lajo194 one dimensional caricatures . let me know what you think about it ? looking back at my own thread i wonder www.youtube.com/watch?v=pr8gHk-Cg-A i made it even though not up to my expectation . author jrod kintz has similar sense of humor . jarod kintz ( author of e-mails from a madman ) author jrod kintz has similar sense of humor . jarod kintz ( author of e-mails from a madman ) thread titled does seems to make lot of sense :d ry : how does one start a thread in perc boredom exactly that cry makes me what .. this thread is changing color from experimental to sentimental ( is it color or colour , i believed it was colour until spellcheck pointed it out to be wrong ) k i'll pm you again then . so true . lucky you found this on what makes intp wet thread does poor posture cause epididymitis . wikipedia is confusing me . wish i had my passport arranged . i pmed you did you receive any pm . lets give it a try , ignore me i'll try to pm you . i need to get my passport arranged , bureaucracy sucks . i must make money insane amounts of it so true ! would you like to share some ( offer links or song titles ) text him i ate sardine curry and rice for dinner