' hi there ! i too am an infj & am actually currently applying to law school . waiting to hear from berkeley at the moment . fingers crossed ! ohhh i had a lot of the same issues as you for a really long time . i solved mine by going on plentyoffish.com , waiting for a guy i was actually interested in to talk to me , and then being completely ... everything is better with you . the sun on my back feels like you . wrapping me in your warmth . the stars in the sky mirror the flickering flame of joy when you take my hand , kiss my cheek , touch me ... ooooh cool cool . i've always been interested in astrology but birth charts are basically where my ability to understand reaches its glass ceiling , haha . something about them is just really hard for ... honestly , i'm often the same way - it's better to be blunt with me . and i have been reeally blunt with him when it comes to serious relationship issues . i will say i get a little scared being blunt ... i wish i wasn't such a naturally jealous person . before i was in a relationship , i always thought i would be so sensible . but every time a pretty , single girl posts on my boyfriend's facebook wall , ... i'm currently dating an istj and am very very happy . he's not the most communicative person when it comes to his feelings , but he's good at expressing himself physically ... :P it can still be a bit ... since i started taking vitamin d supplements a couple years ago , my sad has been faaar less damaging . for those of you who suffer , i highly recommend supplementing your vitamin d . it made a ... hey guyz time for my quarterly picspam <3 me ( left ) with my good friend ... traum i'm sure he loves you for who you are . once i truly appreciate a friend , i love everything about them , even their flaws . i wouldn't worry too much about what might annoy him , especially when it ... i confess that i think the pill is awesome . yay , science . so , anyway . sooo after all of that . we have sadly neglected someone in need ! i personally really appreciate most compliments , though i suck at showing it ( usually something like aw , gee , thanks or uhhh , ... oh , i see . weeell i think my istj is usually pretty reasonable about that , too . at least not noticeably so , if at all . i'm currently dating an istj and i have to reiterate that especially with him , honesty is the best policy , and if you really want to know something , ask . don't assume or try to read into things ... - slapstick humor : it takes a very particular situation for me to be even vaguely comfortable with laughing at someone else's pain . - pressure put on men in relationships for always being the ... lightscent , i don't really know you , but ... xd  again , it's not like we're trying to be cool or play games . it's about internal insecurity . we're actually trying to just act normal but we over-correct . and while we may very occasionally make ... haha , i mostly didn't announce my return because it's not really a full one ... working on senior thesis and other classes doesn't leave me much time for you lovely folks ... :'( <3 oleas yes yes yes we absolutely do this . it's usually because we're afraid . afraid of rejection , afraid of looking too clingy . it's rarely about not wanting to be in a relationship or being ... lulz , same thing happened with me , except i didn't make some huge announcement about returning ... :P my first relationship became official in early july of this year . i'm 21 . so . yeah . i don't really like the phrase serious because it comes with a lot of baggage , but we're committed to each ... i've always wanted my handwriting analyzed ! ; __ ; <3 sorry for out of focus scanning ... ... cheshirejack , that's basically been my approach thus far and it's seemed to work , i just wasn't sure if it was prudent to continue using it for this next step . i think basically it depends on how ... lost in oblivion . thanks for your reply . (: oh , yeah , as far as the virgin thing goes ... no worries there . i'm in love with him ; i'm ready to have sex with him . i want to . there's been absolutely ... cheshirejack , i've suffered from similar problems in the past , and i have to say , a lot of my issues came from not loving myself enough to acknowledge that i truly deserved connection with other ... arobberatsea , you are so pretty ; __ ; sooo i haven't posted on these here forums in a long time because i've been ridiculously busy with thesis at my university . i thought i'd post a couple current ... almost 100 % , though my right pointer is usually over n instead of j just because i use n a lot more , hahaha . also i tend to hit spacebar with my right pointer . so i'd say like 90 % with my own ... ahhh thank you so much dahling ! so kind of you to say . <3 i'm happy you're back , i missed you too ! * hugs * raaahhh my turn to vent ! sexual frustration ! to put thing simply i really just want to make out etc . with my boyfriend lots and lots right now , but we have no place where we're really in private ... you know you're an infj when you somewhat begrudgingly reach out to your server at subway a little because he asked how you were doing ... and by the time you're checking out , he says thank you so ... omg , everyone is going to want you to take them to prom . ;p what a dashing young gentleman ! oh , vaan you look so handsome and charming ! :) i love the vest . it suits you very well . or , it suits a very pleasant side of you . :) oh gee , you're too kind . ;p thank you . maybe third understudy in a total flop that runs for two days , hahaha ... but i guess from what i've seen there aren't any other perc infj actors , so i guess i ... haha , i know , i was just using the most extreme example . my point was , you're still growing and finding out who you are . i'll tryyy but it's gonna be laaamesauce ! 1 . best smile : veggie , ethanol , plushwitch 2 . best looking : august , eclipsethesun 3 . most intelligent : so subjective ! so i say ... me . hahaha . 4 ... hokahey how do you get into a relationship when you are unemployed ? online dating sites can help , though personally i'd stick with people who are at most an hour away from you , distance-wise . as ... aleksandr , kaly has made some good points . i would just like to add that as far as the trust issues go ... i'm not saying it's impossible , but it seems very unlikely to me that an infj would cheat ... first watch this : and then this : the best thing to do is take action . plan and organize , yes , but don't spend all your time with it . as far as picking what you want to do , go with your gut . if your gut tells you several different ... so image heavy omg in no cohesive order ... ... naw , not all infjs are so sensitive when it comes to something like killing bugs or omnivorism . we might just have a higher concentration of uber-pacifists and vegetarians . ( no offense meant at all ... hmm , see , i don't think it's just the way things are that you don't feel nts . i dunno i'm having a bit of difficulty phrasing this , but it does seem to me like you might just be going into ti mode ... yikes , someone needs to engage their se ! it honestly sounds to me like rather then using fe , you're engaging in ti here and cutting them off a bit , or selling them short , based on how you analyze the ... hmm . are you sure she's an infj ? seriously . i don't know where you read that description of infjs but i've never played the field , hahaha . maybe she doesn't realize you're interested in her that ... treebob , would you please sticky this thread so it won't get lost in the fray ? thank you so much ! :) well , texting can be a bit of a monetary concern if one doesn't have an unlimited texting plan ... just a thought . i know i push my unlimited texting plan to the limit with my boyfriend , hahaha . ... personally , i found a lot of great information on each of the types and their wings on this forum . if you go to each individual enneagram type's forum , there is a sticky thread ( or two ! ) with ... this was a fun test , thanks for posting it ! here's how i scored ... i'm a 4w3 , not a 4w5 , i swear ! whenever i read descriptions contrasting ... '