' exactly ! yes , many people i know will say my friend * insert name here * , and i'm thinking , is that really you're friend ? do you even really know the person ? most people use the term friend so ... i feel i have many friends like this . they consider me a great friend of theirs , while i don't see them the same way . i respect him / her and value them as a person , however i can't reveal my self ... am i the only one that actually pressed z ? from my personal experience i think the best types for intps are enfps , infjs , or isfps . reasons : enfp - great to talk with , and the whole self analysis thing is great here . the only problem ... curious and anxious about a certain relationship . can i really be in a real relationship with someone who likes me ? why do they like me ? bored intellectually . i need to be stimulated .  ... i often contemplate why people want to be my friend . there are even people who i don't really care for who think we are good friends , when in reality , they're just another stranger . just the other ... yes , i too choose a select few who i know will also enjoy it . yes ! the music i connect with the most is not music you play at a social gathering , it's not background music . every night before ... at home : as a child i was very inquisitive and private when at home . i would play with my toys usually alone . i remember making just about everything fly . moving things through the air ( like an ... i've only written one poem in my lifetime . i will post it , but i am ashamed of the state i was in . i know it isn't that great from a poetry standpoint , but it meant something to me . it was weird ... 1 . blue : calm , cool , plain ( haha people perceive me as plain for sure ) 2 . elephant : intelligent , powerful , loving ( i wouldn't say i'm powerful by any means ) 3 . barn : quiet , serene , comfortable 4 ... this thank you thing and i have some problems . of-course for small things such as letting me borrow a pen or someone holding a door my automatic response is to thank them . however , when someone ... i have an enfp friend who is a girl and we like to call one of her moods bitch mood . she gets in this mood sometimes where nothing is acceptable . it is almost as if she is wanting to pick a fight ... i love to learn as well . my problem with college has been that i can't motivate myself enough to go to class . when i did go , i loved it . i love being stimulated . my problem is all the bs you have ... sorry , but if you place a question mark at the end of a phrase , i do consider it to be a question ! if you do not want an answer , than do not place a question mark behind it ! that makes no sense . ... i'm supposed to be a 2nd semester junior at the 4 year university i have attended . i have royally fucked up however and am still considered a 1st semester sophomore . i am currently suspended and am ... numb ... this song describes my current emotions . there is this person who likes me ... a lot . in that romantic i want to date you kind of way . i'm scared shitless . i am trying my damnedest to just live in the moment and not worry about the future , ... i have often been perceived as dumb as well . mostly when i give input on a random discussion which others don't understand . i think this is because i have a difficult time explaining aloud my ... yes yes yes . as do i . in fact i eat ketchup on just about everything ! immaturity has been my ultimate conclusion of my isfp friend . he likes being liked and he leads people on . he sneaky about it though . if someone says they like him , he tells them he sees them as ... can i have an example of creative swearing ? please ? i'm just interested in how you would do it . i'm doing this out of humor , not criticizing you because i totally agree with you . this happens to me as well . i hear you . i'm tired of letting you get to me . i know who you are but i refuse to accept it . i can't stop fucking thinking about you . my imagination is constantly letting me think you're a good person when i ... by talking to them actively . period . i do this all the f'ing time . it happens most when walking in front of people i know . then i know i am walking awkwardly , but can't let my body take back over . agghhh its so annoying . i hate it ! ... i love enfps , i can't help it ! :) the suspense is killing meee ! this i agree with 100 % . pats on the shoulder and any other unexpected or unwanted touching makes me really tense or even angry . but with the right person , i can't get enough . unexpected loud ... thanks guys , i've been really trying to talk to him lately about it and he just shuts down . i really think he feels bad for what he does , he just doesn't seem to admit it . i think he also avoids ... totally agree with the whole eye contact thing . usually i just stare at a random point in space but sometimes i stare them in the eye because once i start i feel it's rude to look away and i too ... me : intp most : enfp , infj , isfp least : esfj , isfj , estj so , i have this isfp friend who is male and rather good looking . he has cheated on every person he has ever dated . i feel however this is because he dates people he doesn't really want to date . it ... well , it all depends on what you are trying to understand . i'm not exactly sure , but i would guess it is because with the right knowledge we think it will help us move forward as an individual . it ... i don't want to , if you don't want to ... but i want to . i understand where he is coming from . sometimes i find myself getting really down and longing for a significant other . i have found that when it really gets to me is when i haven't been laid in a ... get laid . it always works for me . people don't know about the things i say and do they don't understand about the shit that i've been through , it's been so long since i've been home i've been gone , i've been gone for ... yes , they are probably the only people who make me angry enough to actually say something to them instead of just ignoring them . dead on ... yes yes yes ! this happens to me a lot . also ... from my personal pov , i have many emotions , sometimes very strong emotions . i can't compare the way emotions make me feel to another type , that is impossible . but when in conversation with others ... i took this to mean that we see how others refuse to question their beliefs or ideals , refusing to accept the evidence that they are wrong . we know that these people are generally happy because they ... well in that case , you're right on . i become very irrational and make hasty moves before thinking them through when under extreme stress or fatigue . a person with an immense amount of suppressed emotion who refuses to let anyone see it except through the anonymity of an online persona . if your asking if i become my shadow when i feel a strong attraction for someone , idk really . i have pondered this . if i am correct in my understanding , my shadow is isfp . i'm not really sure if ... i lie about being happy . i wish i were as happy as i lead everyone to believe i am . i too have contemplated this and chose t for the same reasons as you . however , i have noticed lately that where my logic fogs is when the feelings i have become so strong ( which is rare ) that i will ... i would simply ask her whats going on . i have been in this situation with a friend before and when he told me he felt i didn't care anymore i found it shocking . the fact that you're not interacting ... i just can ’ t get you off my mind . believe me , i ’ ve tried and tried . it doesn ’ t help you ’ re always near . before you , i had no fear . it ’ s happening again , i ’ m stuck in this gear . wanting you ... money , or something from the heart . don't expect them to be enthusiastic about the gift however . just because they don't have much of a reaction , doesn't mean they don't love it . the most difficult people to understand : those who you give nothing and yet they still like you and want to be around you . chameleons ( although i am one ): those who seem so extraverted and ... '