' infj or intj ? : kitteh : yay for coding ! : kitteh : hooray for logical analysis ! boo on depression ! in all things , there must be balance . balance , balance , balance ! looking forward to seeing other replies on this ... then this job is a manifestation of your self . it's part of your genuine , authentic you-ness that shouldn't be held back . you are upset because your so is not accepting this side of yourself . ... thanks to everyone for the replies ! i thought the description was ... off . but then again , i am not an intj , so what do i know ? : kitteh : i didn't see the intj type to be into compulsively gathering ... do you guys relate to the above ? she wanted to marry that guy within 15 minutes of meeting him . she did not respect her sister's decision that they would not get married immediately . if she were reliable , she wouldn't have left the ... you need to be honest and genuine about your feelings next time this sort of thing happens . don't you think the guy deserves to make his own choices ? you take away his say in the matter when you play ... dandere under 13 ? that says that you really shouldn't be on this forum . it's a violation of coppa . with that said and out of the way , you can't type yourself at such a young age . your functions ... some type of cat , obviously ! : kitteh : if you're very young , it'll make it extremely hard to tell your type . if you want to continue your typology explorations further anyway , learn more about the cognitive functions . : kitteh : you ... be yourself . if you happen to be rather quirky / whimsical , let that weirdness shine ! she'll like you more for it . : kitteh : 1 perfect book in 10 years ? yes ! it's about quality , not quantity . : kitteh : first of allx 85what is your type ? infj on a scale of 1 to 10 ( 1 = low , 10 = high ) , how confident are you that you actually are the type you say you are ? 7 what other types have you tested as , or ... actually , i got that idea from here : rethinking judging & perceiving in ips & ijs - personality junkie are you looking at e / i as if it's a standalone thing , or have you ided your functions ? if you found your dom and secondary function , it shouldn't be too hard to figure out what type you are . be a decent person and all should be fine . beware of accidentally going too far with jokes . and don't ever make the roommate's friends sad , or you'll seriously regret it . fe will conceal thoughts and feelings when unsure of the impact they would make on the world . i suggest reading his autobiography what i talk about when i talk about running . oddly , it's the only book of his that i've read , but it was a really good read . i feel like i know him now . it is the same system . but as always , ymmv . plumb - - need you now here are two links that might be interesting for you to read : infj personality profile rethinking judging & perceiving in ips & ijs - personality junkie i've recently read that this is actually the opposite for introverts ! infps are actually more structured and organized because their primary function is fi , which is a judging function . infjs are ... i think you're an infj ! you sound so much like me ! : kitteh : or , you are something else , and i am that something as well . we are very much alike . it'll be interesting to see what type you end up ... sometimes , you've just gotta ... : kitteh : you are not alone . it's normal . i think all types are driven by a core need to be special and unique . perhaps the 4 is the only type to directly express it , while the other types express it indirectly ? i will make my mark in ... stps all the way ! it's human to want to be special . i think people like the idea of leaving a me shaped void in the world when they die . 121026 i've had a handful of these experiences before . some of them have been simple , and others have been more complex . interestingly , i've never been asleep when i've seen a vision . i'm always awake ... i am the vessel . i am the moment . i capture . i live . sounds like they have issues . sorry you got your eyeballs burned . try to consider the source ( a sad , hurting person ) and just forget it . your signature is cool , and normal people will see it that way . colcannon will make you fall in love with potatoes . seriously . that stuff is goood ! nightmare fuel ! if you happen to meet someone else that strikes your fancy , you might want to consider getting to know that individual better , just to see if anything is there . there is no guarantee that the infj ... the knowledge of social standards is constantly at war with my desire to be my most genuine , authentic self . it's a struggle , and sometimes that struggle manifests as nothing . i seem very cold , ... absolutely ! it can be really hard to explain a seemingly inexplicable mood swing when those memories pop up , too . : frustrating : i'm so sorry to hear about the pain you've endured in your life ... growing up , my father was a real piece of work . :d ry : he was just all kinds of misery ! it could have been worse , and i'm grateful it wasn't . but it was still pretty bad . the funny thing was , ... that's a great idea ! go ahead and get out of this thread , since you clearly don't understand what's going on here , anyway . : kitteh : typing characters seems to be a hindrance rather than a help . this is especially true for character driven fiction . however , if one were writing an extremely plot heavy project ( and if they sucked ... dude , he said he was straight edge ! : tongue : i fear losing control . umm ... that's not normal . : shocked : of course it's possible . do it ! no . no , no , no ... nope . no , no , no . goku is not an enfj . goodness gracious , who in the world would even think that ? :d ry : umm ... entps under stress would show their shadow functions . the shadow of the entp is a super unhealthy version of the isfj . so if you're stuck between entp and infj , maybe you were actually ... abusers often talk like that . so take off the rose colored glasses , imagine yourself on a high mountaintop above it all , and really , honestly observe your relationship with this person . only i ... '