' probably the best indie band around if i was the object someone's limerance , i would say to them now you know how i've felt since i was born ! ... at least i would want to . i think i might get scared a wonder why they feel that way ... it appears that it's common for intj's to be intimidating and this is something we're not really conscious of and therefore it's not done on purpose . we're just really interested and intense about ... 1 ) bluntness can be a bitch ! we see critical thinking as objective . other's see it as an attack on their personality . hmm ? 2 ) how perfect is perfect ? we make our logic . but we think it could do ... i hate people touching my face . the act begs the question ' why ? ' it feels strange . i allow people to hug me though . that's a rather recent thing - as of six months ago - and i'm finding that i am ... i only wear eye-liner so that partially feminine i shower at least one a day - that's very feminine ... i consider myself more of the ' powerful woman ' , kind of person . the one who would be the ceo ... i have a high tolerance for all human beings , so physical attraction is rather moot for me . as long as they have a personality i can engage with and they are funny ( smart funny , not stupid i'm ... oh my god i thought i was the only one who struggles with limerance and usually at the sight of the first good looking man ! is it an intj thing ? it's annoying . i've only managed to destroy it once ... omg you're just like everyone else and ... have you tried being a little more funny in the past i did . in the last six months i've learnt to imbrace my difference . intj's are the new black . as long as i continue to believe that i have a special trait that makes me more of a diamond ... even looking at the word depression makes me depressed . earlier this year i was seriously depressed . i pushed my own buttons and questioned my own sanity . theoretically , rarer types may be more ... i don't know if it's typical amongst intj's . however , i do often do that whole speaking in another accent , impersonations thing particularly when recalling what someone else was doing . but i always ... that's how i see things . what i want to change about myself isn't necassarily an unpleasant thing that makes me upset about myself . they are just things that are part of my personality that i ... i think we'd work well in a room together , bouncing off each other's interesting conversations . intj's in a room together would be the best part ever . we would give extrovert's a run for their ... i am definately an intellectual elitist , which is not necassarily a bad thing in certain situaions . i was thinking about not applying to cambridge and oxford because of the amount of public school ... i lucid dream all the time . often i control my dreams . fun times . : laughing : i've been hypnotised once though , but although i couldn't move , i was aware of voices and noises . it's the strangest ... there's a massive positive to being secretive in your personal life ... or at least i try to see it this way . it means you can create characters that you like and are symmetrical to the author ... that's a good idea actually . i've been thinking about doing that for a while . i don't like people close to me viewing my work as i feel they may make a connection between me and the characters . and ... oh trust me when i say that there is little fun in watching my hand cry at the agony of trying to write . : crying : there are days when i can't write because i took things to the extreme the day ... i write everyday . i've written 6 novels since i was 13 - happily unpublished . i don't think i'm anywhere near that stage yet . i handwrite them as i have typed up my work and it disappeared about 3 ... if there were more of us ... the cold war will begin again with us all competing to be the super-power . we're natural leaders remember . : happy : telling yourself how you feel with those statements is a good way . i've only just decided it's time to get in touch with my emotions . and i often use those sentences . i tell myself i feel ... i remember my past , i just don't like to think about it . it's a learning curve to think about not making the same mistakes . although , i often get nostalgic about times in the past when life was ... no agression . i've been taugh that she who shouts louds immediately loses . but yes , my thinking does get irrational and sometimes i go off on tangents desperately trying to sway the point until ... vampire weekend - holiday just found out i'm the perfectionist ennegram 1 too and the more i think about it , the more i realise i am . very choosy with potential partners and often chase those who don't like me back . so ... i never used to like the whole ginger thing . they were quite rare when i was younger , but now not so much . also have to consider ; there are many shades of grey . i can handle red heads exclusively ... intj gate-crashing . born in england . still live here , but i would love to move to san francisco or new york ( which is basically london but bigger ) . that's my two cents . or shall i say pence ? ... always ! when i'm feeling strange ... animal collective - what would i want , sky ? feeling down - passion pit - the reeling touch the dark - karen chance ( it's quite shit , but i'm determined to finish it ) arctic monkeys - whatever people say i am , that's what i'm not or ... vampire weekend - ... crazy / beautiful with kirsten dunst ( plays an unruly teenager with uber rich parents ) despite the description , it was quite good . winter - is a bitch ! it rains 90 % of the time . england doesn't have a good reputation for being the sunniest place in the world . so my mood is extrodinarily depressed.verging on agoraphobia summer ... i try to use a lot of humour and sarcasm when i'm interested . if i'm not then i simply won't waste my time talking to them . : mellow : that's a very good point . i can listen to people ; or i have a face that makes it look like i'm listening ; but i don't think i'll be able to do anything genuinely constructive to helping them ... i loved psychology for ages . wanted to be either a counselling or clinical psychologist , but in england you have to do a medical degree before pursuing clinical psychology . sucks ! but psychology has ... r . e . m - losing my religion you're all extremely smart . habitual being an intj . perhaps i'm selling myself short wanting to stick with the humanities . after all we are called the scientists and i wouldn't mind doing ... in my school , it was always the people who did poorly that on the off chance they did something right , would get praised extremely highly . i however , a constant hard work very rarely gets awarded for ... i live in london , and can't ever imagine being torn away from the city . i may be an introvert , but i enjoy the supposed fast-ness of the city . good for intellectual minds like intj's being near the ... ... you haven't cried in months unless your female and its that time of the month . :d ry : ... you become so sarcastic you mimic chandler from friends we're rare because you wouldn't want 20 million genius ' on the planet . that wouldn't make us very special , and intj's know we're intellectually different to others . it takes the i out of ... i have one year left of secondary school before i got to university and it's that crucial time where i chose a degree that suits what i want to do; what my personality is like . what is your ... i though it was just me . my friend once told me she loved me and first a froze . then i said i wished i could say the same . but nobody gets it . i really wish i could say it , but it's almost like i've ... you don't generally . we're cold remember . unless , you get strong eye contact . oh and the vital trait of an intj's ... sarcasm . i only started touching people ( as in hugging my friends goobye ) as of last year . and i only told my mum i love her once and it accidentally slipped out . the fact that it was accidental shows that ... i just dont get it ! why do they want us to listen to them blubbering unless they want something solving ? if they want to cry and don't want to do anything about it , i suggest they cry in the ... i had to dictionary.com megalomania . sad , but true . we're always in our heads and it sucks trying to experience the real world intj's are / i am ... - detached - 97 % emotionless - egotistical - we ... i always wear a jacket or cardigan . it's a compulsive thing that i like my outfits to be complete . i don't have one style . one day i'll be in all black , the next i might look like i've just been ... '