' ah well , pop psychology . ;) * good * abstraction is abstraction that finds universals that accurately depict reality . if you don't understand reality , you can't abstract well . just as i know sp's who don't abstract well because ... and ftr , most types with se in the top of their stacking or te / ti in the bottom get called immature at some point . isfps are unlucky enough to get both , even though generally i've found them to be ... somehow i thought i posted a response but guess not . ;) all types potentially exhibit their weak functions in an immature way . exsps are immature in that they freak out when it comes to planning the ... pure genius . trust me , i love n's , but it takes an isfp to hit the nail on the head like this . the most underrated type by far . no type is as spot-on in their observations - and they don't feel the ... i found this and posted it in another thread and the questioner found it useful . maybe you will too . this dude seems to really get fi-doms ... dunno if you still want help , but here's some links . the first one is especially good cuz the dude points out the contrast between fi's natural idealism and actual intuition . the second is less good ... anyone familiar with the character of izaya orihara from durarara ! ? someone introduced me to him as an entj in the vein of moriarty . the whole screwing with people to get their reactions definitely ... for people who wanna know ; i put this in the esfp thread too . this jive with those who understand functional stacking ? functional isfp vs functional esfp hmm ... i honestly didn't consider entj because his se was so pronounced to me . but that is a type i am growing to appreciate more as a i learn more about them , so i am open to the possibility . could ... the last sherlock thread was from back in april , and i didn't feel like resurrecting for one character so yeah . : 3 there's not a lot of characters that interest me enough to write out descriptions ... yep , yep , and yep . :) our pness seems to manifest itself more in flexibility and a short attention span than in disorganization . my own novels are organized scene-by-scene before i write them ... wow , thanks for that . :) sounds like the focus of our writing has a lot in common . what about the story problem itself ? is it small scope , like trying to figure out how to survive ... btw glad to hear other estps write stories . :) guess we're not as illiterate as people say . i tried the analyzer thing ( hadn't heard of that before ! ) and a selection of my novel came out as esfp , an essay came out as intp , and a blog article came out as isfp . so that's an interesting ... typing authors isn't exactly easy and i don't know if there are many estp novel writers , but can y'all think of any ? i'm curious to see what doer writing looks like , and if there are patterns . are ... well , judging by what kinds of things she's attentive towards , i'd say se , but she seems to use them on ne-type subjects . what are some examples of non-estp interests that you have ? i'm kinda confused in typing one of my really good friends . this girl always types as an entp with strong ne because she likes debating ( usually practical policy debates versus idea debates ) , and ... hey everyone . :D long time no post . are there any other enfjs out there with tooons of friends of the opposite sex , but no boy / girlfriend ? :d ry : for me , at least , i attract the friendship of a ... seems like lotsa other enfps love clothing because it's so easy and fun to express yourself that way ... no matter how hard i try to dress ' normal ' , there's always something in my outfit that stands ... i tend to have a guy in tow ( as you put it ) . i've gotten better about making sure they know we're just going to be friends though . it's partially because i'm most comfortable around guys and they're ... thanks guys . i'm pretty sure i'm an enfp . my mom is an entj , and my whole family except my youngest three sibs ( i have a lot ) are ts . so maybe it's that i've been drenched in t-dom ( esp te-dom ) since ... just curious ... i'm pretty sure i'm an enfp ( long journey .. ) but my sis is adamant that i'm entj . i confess this has some merit , so i'll ask you guys ( actually mainly girls ): - are they any ... * raises thread from the dead * right now i'm kinda lonely because i'm in an ldr and i feel like it's dying ... i've been in love before but this is something different . i can tell it's going to be ... i'm now in my third year of debate ; it's all just now coming together . it's partly as seamaid guessed , that i've improved at researching and knowing what i'm talking about . it seems like in ... i participate in debate tournaments , so my te is very well developed under those kinds of situations . ( in real life or in real life discussion ... my stupid ' illogical ' fi takes over ;) ) when i ... having gone through something of a break-up with the person i love ( not for the first time ) , i've noticed something interesting - - the happiness bubble effect . it seems that when i'm on a ... i say i feel the need to write , though usually i don't get around to writing what i invent . i need to channel my emotions into stories or i wilt and die away ... on the other hand , i often feel a ... in real life i don't mind being called nice ; compliments make my insides glowy and warm . : kitteh : ( until i overanalyze them and decide they're just being ' nice ' ) . in type descriptions , i find it ... i didn't read any but the first half of the first page , but i totally agree with you happythoughts . i become emotionally invested in the characters and then to be ripped away from them is very ... thanks . :D now that that is cleared up ... shall we begin ? do any of you come off as te-dominant users ? if so , to what would you attribute this ? have you always had strong te even though it is your fourth function , or were you raised in a stressing te home , ... me , in a [ huge coco ] nutshell . around other people i've always been perceived as an extrovert by people who don't know me well because whenever i'm around other people , i [ usually ] seem full of ... hey ... i haz questions . first , i have questions about distinguishing functions from other factors , and then in a second post i'd like some staples of who i am and see if you can help me . no ... bengalcat-you sound a lot like i was . :p roud : did you need approval ? how far would you go to get attention / affection / approval ? how did you react if you felt ignored or unloved and / or were constantly criticized ? so lately .. i've kind of watched all my ambitions disappear . i've always been a really ambitious person , but suddenly it kind of all just went away . : unsure : i've always wanted to like work in ... * didn't read whole thread so hopes she's not being repetitive * yeah ... i procrastinate when i'm bored of life . i get bored when it doesn't seem like there's any complex ideas to think about , ... like someone up there ^ mentioned , when all ( but your two closest ) friends think you're like an enfp or entp / j ( though they've never heard of mbti ect ) ... and you're sitting there listening to them ... intj . <3 all my best friends are / were . i'm not sure that holds true for every type . for example , i'm an infj and the most important thing for me is that my partner understands how my brain works as far as how i perceive the world . i want ... hahaha amazingly . :) honestly he's the best thing that ever happened to me . being a t and not caring as much about people ( and being insanely curious ) , he forces me to grow and get over myself . i ... interestingly , the infjs seem to uniformly report good experiences with their intjs . really good description of what it's like . :) so what happened ? so . you guys are always drooling over enfps , but what about those of you who've been in relationships with infjs ? i'm an infj with an intj right now ... and not only do we bring out the ... so ... i'm pretty sure my guy is an intj , not an infj like i thought . anyway , it's the most relaxed relationship i've ever seen , or that my friends have seen . we not only bring out the playfulness ... personality type , talkativeness , sociability , compatibility , & relationships a . j . / october 15 , 2011 which personality types are the most talkative ? the most social and sociable ? the most ... infj , infp , intp , intj relationships , compatibility , & the inferior function a . j . / october 26 , 2011 despite their x93otherworldliness , x94 intuitive introverts ( infjs , infps , intps , intjs ) still ... infj , infp , intp , intj relationships , compatibility , & the inferior function a . j . / october 26 , 2011 despite their x93otherworldliness , x94 intuitive introverts ( infjs , infps , intps , intjs ) still ... morana - yesss i get you . thanks . :) i should be sad that so many people relate to me ( it means you're misunderstood , too ) but honestly it's hard not to be relieved that other people feel the same ... '