' i think most people don't appreciate that we usually know what the problem is before others and know how to fix it . that may sound like it isnt a problem but i know that for myself , i am always ... i agree with ionofages in that any type can be manipulative-just in their own way-i dont think it is so much personality type as it is the person . i could manipulate people if i wanted to , and have ... i have not dated in awhile , so if this sounds dumb remember i am trying to be helpful . if you are going to see him a week before valentines day then why dont you take a picture of the two of you when ... congradulations supernaut ! ! : tongue : hi-and welcome . i havent been here long myself-still checking things out . i am an infj , but it doesnt matter-we all interact and play nice most of the time-haha . be seeing you around ! : happy : hi-i am not very musical-although i love to sing while washing dishes-but i think there is a musicians group in the scoial groups section . i'm off ... lala .. lala .. lala ... lalalala ... congradulations ! ! :p roud : i usually prefer verbal communication over written , but in this day and age i do alot of both . i respond to alot of posts on perc , for example , but i dont do alot of texting ( i am an oldster i ... i am going to work with children with disabilities . i am finishing my masters degree presently . i am also able to work in educational psychology as i am also just about finished with my bachelors in ... greetings urukhai-welcome to the perc ! : happy : i agree with sumi-in that every personality type has both negatives and positives . no one is perfectly balanced to making the best choices at all times . where one may be strong in emotion and ... i daydream mostly at night when i am watching tv-except i am not really watching it ! i try not to daydream when i am busy with things-but i guess when i was younger i daydreamed all the time . when i ... when things seem impossible what i do is to break it down and find out what is working and what isnt . if we cannot change the things that arent working then use creativity and imagination and ... i think we can change our personality traits in time . for me , i was an enfj when younger , but am a strong infj now . i think the reason is that when we are younger we - do , say , act - according to our ... hello-welcome to the perc ! you will have a lot of fun here-best wishes ! hi-in my opinion i think you would test as an infj . that is my type and you have many of the same personality traits that i do . i think if you go to the test site there is an explanation of the ... congradulations ! ! you might be in betweeen two types right now . i was an enfj when i was younger but have evolved into and infj . i think as we discover ourselves we become more solid on our likes and dislikes , ... i have not slept in weeks . i think it is stress-but i feel so tired and my mind just wont quit-no matter how tired my body is . i then get on the computer and start getting into the perc and then i am ... i think what makes infj's so amazing is that they take the time to really see who a person is-on the inside as well as the outside-and that makes it easier to relate to others and understand where ... congradulations zwangos ! ! what i hate about being an infj is that we give so much and get so little back . the pisser is that we dont stop giving just because we dont get anything back . for example-we take the time and ... congrats pink ! ! congradulations ertertwert ! ! ! maybe that image comes to mind because we are always trying to save people , and are always seeking peace and truth-at least this infj feels that way-can't speak for others . i think we also have a ... ertertwert : this song is awesome-thanks ! wow-i see you posted a few-i was referring to porcupine tree / nil recurring youtube - joan osborne - son of a preacher man i think your mom would really relate if you shared your honest feelings . let her know that you think she has great instincts , especially when it comes to knowing how you are , but that you are not as ... youtube - pink floyd - wish you were here i think she when she felt rejected by you , that really made her change her view of the relationship to protect herself . infj's love to help others , but also protect their innermost feelings . she ... understanding people better than they understand themselves-which can backfire because you cant help someone ( which we tend to try to do ) when they dont even know who they are or what they do . it ... absolutely ! ! my daughter thinks i am psychic-and really thinks i just know stuff . i do have very good instincts and may have some psychic strengths but i dont read minds ! that is so annoying at ... terrible-lets hope this year turns out better-happy new year y'all ! ! hi-i am a leo-in every way-july 28th ! kitaro-sundance i have a cat and a dog . in my house my cat is my baby . the dog is really cute , but sometimes will haved an accident if my son gets too lazy to take him out , and a cat has a litter box-although my ... i will spend it with my two youngest children , but will miss my other three and my two grandchildren since i moved away from them-it will be our first holiday without seeing each other . i know it ... pink floyd-the wall that's okay-now that you realize what you said you can laugh about it as well . laughter is the best medicine ! what language do you speak-besides funny english ? maybe it has something to do with the f part . guys don't relate to the world in the same way with their feelings as girls do.not to say they dont have feelings-i just think they are expressed ... i think what gets me is when people think they know what i am all about and they know nothing about me . most dont really seem to be as interested in knowing what i am about as i am about knowing ... you are right when you say not everyone needs help-we need to be able to let someone learn the hard way or their own way , and sometimes that is the best way to protect them . if they make themselves ... hi-i am an infj and a leo - 100 % leo ! in fj ~ i go to bed when i absolutely have to . i love to stay up late-usually in bed around 3-4 am because i need to get up in a few hours . i really should sleep more-figure i'll rest when i'm ... most of the information in our brains remains in the subconscious area , until we recollect it to our consciousness . i think people who are very intuitive just think from a deeper level and are ... hi ~ i am very intuitive , which sometimes appears to be psychic to those around me , but i have excellent intincts because i have always observed everything . i am not sitting around just observing , ... yes-i buy organic as much as possible . i don't eat meat so i eat alot of veggies , etc . - they taste better when they are organic . thanks for the post-it was interesting ... kristina '