hmm … kept my post to ( what i think is ) the so idea of ' connection ' because i have to think more about the other instinct stuff . ah , i think we mean different things . ' connection ' for me is ... not being an sx-first , i don't know if my word on this is that valid , but … that sounds sx-ish to me ! i know that , even in text , sx-strong people can really make an impression on me because everything ... i really just had to talk to people . i did with that with my enneatype , too . to make sure that ( 1 ) i had my understanding correct and ( 2 ) i wasn't lying to myself because i wanted to be one type over ... you're welcome :) . yeah , i think it does make sense * — eventually , anyway . i know that it was confusing to me at first because i don't consciously think of so things at all . i can be paranoid ... i've heard that this is more an so trait than an sx one ; that sx is almost solely concerned with attraction / repulsion and not that kind of consideration of others . i'm not an sx-dom , though , so i ... here's a discussion on the instincts . excerpt : there still seems room for confusion or blurring , though . the first and third variants can potentially get associated with shame and / or ... yeah , it was me , haha . if it helps any , the descriptions aren't very useful . enneagram strikes me as useful only as a self-diagnosing tool . ' where does all my focus go and why ? what am i fixated upon in life ? what ... about soc instinct : i've heard it as keeping an eye on the pulse of a group . if you then take this information and use it to be compliant to the group , then that's up to the person , their ... i actually thought he was an istj . i agree a lot with caffiene_buff's stuff on sx but perhaps to a lesser extent since sx is my second instinct ( — i'm so / sx ) . e . g . ( taking caffiene_buff's points as a guide ): so / sx : i feel ... i don't know if this is helpful . a fellow intp ( i think ) and professor mentioned that she thought in 3000 word portions . maybe you could think of ideas that fit 3000 word portions and move them ... touché . 10char maybe you should be careful about who you're trying to fool , haha . my istj brother saw through an enxp doing something like this pretty quickly . i got all the rage-y , derisive stories about it at the ... i know what you mean about the mystery ! and i certainly don't mind continuing :D . just difficult to gauge over the interwebs whether the other person is still into it . yes , i think i know what ... hmm . i see what you both mean . especially about what infjs are capable of . and i certainly accept your point , darkewe , about the feeling functions being difficult to grasp especially since intj / fi , ... ah , i see where you're coming from , i think . i disagree with your definition , though . both fi and fe are internal compasses of a sort , i think . but one is concerned with the self first ; fe is ... mm . i think it's still very possible that leelawho's sister is an intj . and i don't see any reason why leelawho herself isn't an istj . chanceyrose : from the sounds of it , the op's sister is using ... okay . the only other thing i can suggest is maybe lean on your fe a bit ? intjs and istjs share fe as their seventh function . for my intj friend , there are two main functions to use when having to ... there's no reason being on friendly speaking terms isn't possible . by no means are all intj / istj relationships like that ! what are the arguments about , out of curiosity ? if you'd prefer not to ... that , too . i just figure this is an mbti forum so people come looking for a specific kind of answer . plus , i don't see why function differences and asshole-ry can't work together to create a bad ... i don't know if there's anything to be done . so far as i've seen , it's the ni / si difference . the intj and istj i know are positively disposed to one another but it's pretty clear they're not going to ... i like that your mood setting is currently ' paranoid ' :P … to be fair to the intpsx 85i sometimes get the sense that they don't mean to sound troll-y . but then , sometimes they do . my vote goes to the intps , lol . i think it's the inferior fe . it makes fe a magical , misunderstood thing for the intp … and must therefore be prodded until understood . trolling is a good way to do that . hehe , well you invited a lot of talk for someone who wasn't expecting a friendly response :) . yes , i tend to think that fi and ti are similar . i've mutilated rim's op to show where fi and ti look similar — to me , who is also an intp , anyway . i notice that infjs employ their ti differently .  ... i don't agree so much with the assessment of thinking ;) but i second everything else rim says . it's definitely worth thinking about , awesomeste . and even if fi were about emotions , enfps have fi , too , hehe . fi is a rational function . it's more to do with how and what you rationalise than it is about how you feel , per se . i'm less certain about enneagram things but i think one of the core fears for the 4 is that there is something indefinably wrong with them and that this makes them different from everyone else . so , i ... lol ! if you are really interested , you can certainly look into the functions . there's quite a bit written about how the types relate to the individual functions — how they show up and things . i think ... oh , no . if you are an infp , it wouldn't be too odd to be more aware of your si . fi and si would reinforce one another . one is a judging function ; the other is a perceiving one . si creates a database ... enfp as per my first feeling . if you use fi but lead with ne … well , that's what the letters mean ! ne-fi-te-si . but , yeah . just my impression . i think it's a common mistake to make :P . the ' j ' at the end is not a function ( just like the ' i / e ' is not a function ) . it tells you which function is extraverted … not which is dominant . ' j ' at the ... oh , i realised i didn't say explicitly . i was thinking enfp . if you feel that fi , ne and si are your main functions , though , that's infp . the way you're talking about yourself still don't ... mm , yes . i did see that . the thing is ' e ' and ' i ' in mbti doesn't mean ' socially extraverted / introverted ' . they refer to the functions . ne =/ = socially extraverted . it's a way of dealing with ... well , you seem awfully willingly to just come here and brainstorm ideas . that seems more perceiver / ne-like to me . infps are ( introverted ) judgers first … and they tend to strike me as having a greater ... i think you had better hear about it from someone else . i'm obviously not doing a very good job of it . there are schools of thought that don't think the tritype or trifix is useful and that ... haha , you have a point . but in a way , it is what you are suggesting , too . it is simply a way to relate to other people — a way of saying to yourself , ' factoring in different circumstances , a different ... i feel that you're not quite grasping the bigger picture here about the motivations . if you mean only to negate the details of what i put forward , then we won't get anywhere . you did make some ... the purpose of my post was to suggest that your understanding of 3s was limited . the details i provided were in support of that purpose . i was also more interested in providing information than i was ... read fiction ? actually , i thought empathy would be pretty easy for intps to pick up . empathising fi just seems like the people-version of ti . if you can figure out a person's motivations and ... both . the descriptions are too vague to give me anything but a rough sketch that needs refining . then i find a real life example of the type and keep them as my default model until i find others to ... to be honest … i think so does every other 3 . if i'm right in my estimation , 3s go far , far beyond compliments . it's not as though 3s don't take pride in their work . they have to . their self-esteem ... you seem to be leaning toward esfp , so — i really don't know how anyone could persuade anyone with regards to mbti . you either get interested in the functions , or just treat it as a broad ' personality ' ... esfp ? lol ! i wonder why . then we are kind of in agreement , haha ! anyway , my stance with regards the original post : unhealthy types can look like almost anything , depending on what shadow functions they're leaning on . to ... i'd agree with that . haha ! i don't know if i'd even be comfortable enough with my te-ni to look anything like an entj x . x . way too difficult . as for the sfj bit … well , i outlined those instances in my ... ah , i see what you mean . i was assuming that the original post was only taking the first four functions into account since we were talking about esfj-looking intps . i know that some theories do ... i agree with this statement . i actually don't like making such a big distinction between healthy / unhealthy , shadow / not-shadow behaviour . i think part of the reason so many people mis-type is because ...