' that time of year already ? haven't noticed it . i guess i'll keep ignoring and mind my own stuff . just keeping the status quo of belonging to alive category , at the most basic level . it's harder than it appears these days . 1 . 100 % hardcore atheist . non-militant though . i simply refuse to talk or to listen anything about religion . 2 . although i still fantasize about it sometimes , i'm absolutely sure i won't get ... there is no intelligent design , therefore no gods and fairies . 100 % sure about it . ai is the descendent of our species . we will live along , for a while . as homo neanderthalis and homo sapiens did ... in order to avoid redundancy we first need to know what do you know . not yet , but it's either that or some form of self-emplyment . i just had enough working for others . i was just thinking about an intj society . that's more feasible and throuth it we can establish some common goals , like world domination and such . lucien freud just a few pushups , situps and pullups a few times per week . i've managed to get from ~ 30 pushups to 80 in about 6 months . now i can do anytime ~ 60 . i used to run and cycle as well . i want to get ... i my perfect day i would actually get something done and keep by the schedule . about 5 minutes , give or take a couple . let me dream about it : infj infp intj enfp entp intp i've got to keep the status quo of being alive ... deleted i've been and still am procrastinating , but not that much , because i made a new rule which i try to follow : if something is on my schedule , then i must work on it , regardless of mood . then i just ... at the end of day , no , but at least i'm trying to ... and i hope i'll never have that feeling download : 93.83 mbps upload : 93.90 mbps ping : 2 ms i live in the city with the fastest internet speed in the world motto : don't get caught . i would have liked : - a medical degree followed by a phd in genetics / neurology / neuroetholohy and a research job in that field or - biology / biochemistry bs , genetics / genetic engineering ms and a ... i'm not , although i do tell others that i'm a buddhist , because it's not that aggresive and most of them don't know anything about it and they live me alone . same here . 25 things i appreciate / would appreciate the presence of ( they make / would make my immediate life a little better ) , without any order : 1 . money ( as a means of acquiring other stuff ) 2 . alone time ... i'm the only man alive ( maybe ) who knows how the brain works . why not try the real stuff , like neurobiology , neurochemistry , neurology , human ethology , ... ? as for a pattern language : that's how brain works . if your're persistent you'll reach an ... i don't care how others perceive or judge me . i am how i am and stick to my way of being . hello world , i'm interested in how you've experienced your first interaction with an intj , regardless if you've known about mbti or not . i appreciate you sharing both positive and negative ... i quit my shitty job everybody else , regardless of type gender : xy hair color : dark brown hair style : short , but i plan to live it grow medium or long eye shape : n / a eye color : green glasses : n personal style / manner of dress : casual with a flavour ... sounds familiar 110042 i would eliminate the smartest one : the intp . i'll be able to manage the other two very well , but intp's are way too in their heads for my patientce . warning : a census-taker once tried to test me . i ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti . also warning : tread carefully , otherwise you might end up on my table ( dexter reference ) i don't think you understand what math and science are if you're asking such questions . don't quote me . i have nothing to add . dear christian family members and late shoopers ... fuck you and your holiday preparations dnfd minions another word : reality intelligence depends on genetics , not on time . killing spree ? why do people manifest this behavior is a more interesting question for me ? not a fan , but we do get along for short periods of time . i think they feel the same about me . same with other sensors . a close-minded , insecure , delusional morron . i hope he'll crash and burn in the very near future , like gaddafi a lasting feeling of safety money yeah , great . now my plans will start to materialize i had the same idea - i'm mostly neutral-pleasant with people , never rude , never arguing their poins of view even if i know they're wrong , unless i care , which seldom happens - not so hard ... i know 5 istps , of which one is my brother-in-law and their smile is more like chris roberts ' 95132 identity , consistency and perseverence ... and results gender dysphoria does not imply same sex attraction to the op : have you started transitioning ? what's the process over there ? do the professionals know and fallow the standards of care ? '