' the ' it's nancy ' ones are my favorite ... hilarious .. so fucking good hahahahaha you should make an actual man comics thread ! these are so good ! i've never seen them before . you just improved my day x10 obviously ;) elaminopy lol'd so hard .. xd music surfing my car computers video games thanks mate feral yup that's the same with me also .. in large groups i try to find a corner with my back to a wall ! haha ! when i'm in group conversations with people i don't know , i'm very quiet - listen all ... yup like dustydrill said , looks like a lot is just from different sites on the net , though it's great it has been compiled into one document now . op - i tried to look for the site that is referred ... my complete and utter lack of emotions . i understand that xxfx is a judging letter , as in , that's how a person makes decisions , but if you have an xxfx , then your fe / i function is going to be ... yeah thats me too ! :P but definitely 3-4 max - i don't like groups bigger than that , either no i don't like it at all . very much so meh-ish . it just annoys me when people ask me to do stop what i'm doing and do something for them instead . i'm really lazy :/ props .. this is gold xd i would live in a cabin , on the edge of a forest which fringes a large mountain lake . it would rain at night , and sun all day every day . my lake connects me to a small town down the mountain valley ... this thread .. just . wat some good one-liners though .. lol'd . funny you say that .. my friend the istj is borderline n / s . maybe that's why i can stand her much longer than isfjs .. interestin i've nothing against isfjs but in my experience they are ' too ... what do you work as ? i'm assuming you're not talking about an obvious shared interest in small talk . : mellow : yeh i hate that too . usually i just get angry if someone keeps asking me why i'm in a bad mood . exactly .. hahaha i do this exact reply . i just keep looking straight ahead and nod once , then ... j's .. j's j's j's ... honestly , for me , it's all or nothing with j's . i'm either getting on great with them or i have gotten bored of them / they have stopped talking to me . i can't have long term ... whenever i first meet people i usually don't say a lot - more listen and let other people do the talking . if someone who i don't know tries to talk to me then i'm always polite and i can handle a ... i really like esfps . they make me laugh . although they get tiring after a while , i still do think they are great company when i'm in the mood for it . that's the problem for us i's , isn't it ? e's are ... who wouldn't . you are what you choose to be . if you choose to be a tool , then yes , you're a tool . if you choose not to be a tool , then you are not a tool . simples . nah man , pretty much the same as me . when i said ' control ' , i meant ' control over me ' . aka independence .. just me phrasing it wrong . yup i find any kind of relationship really hard . i always flirt with chicks because i'm bored , but then i assume they get the wrong message , and get all clingy . that makes me buck and bolt , outta ... fuck my life , i'm not in the mood , i'll slap that wife , if she's acting rude . your delusions of persecution are a tell-tale sign of early stage paranoid schizophrenia . sue sylvester played by jane lynch . i hate glee . but jane lynch ? i love that woman ! ... two types of people i cannot stand : 1 . the controller . someone who feels the need to push their own world vision on top of you . tends to be e's usually . i'm sorry ! did i ask you whether i ... was at an open day today . i had to show people around . there were lots of people . i have no people skills . great day ! w . b . yeats - the stolen child . where dips the rocky highland of sleuth wood in the lake , there lies a leafy island where flapping herons wake the drowsy water rats ; there we've hid our faery ... it's just so much less effort ! i like cheese on toast . sometimes people just think you're weird ! : sad : yeah , op , a lot of people don't understand silence and it throws them off balance , because you're not ' playing by the rules ' . you'll find people who ... hi mira , welcome ! what country are you from ? cool , always good to have a few options . as a matter of interest , i get istp on both the humanmetrics and the mypersonality.info tests . so maybe not wrong for everyone . personality test ( scroll down ) . personality test based on jung and briggs myers typology take it a few times to get an average . if you start analyzing it , stop taking it . don't read ... to a point . once someone tries to get closer to me , they are shocked by my lack of emotional depth and / or range . it tends to create problems in getting closer than ' distant friends ' with people . as with any other human being , an istp will want to do something if they enjoy it . a better question might be : what stuff do istps enjoy doing ? if a person enjoys something , they will find it ... this was articulated well . thanks and good job . i didn't fit one group , but i could survive in most . i find it easier with weirdos or casual hipsters , weirdos because they're usually cool and interesting , casual hipsters because they don't give a ... love at it's purest .. really ? i actually find it easy to move on from a close relationship that has crashed on the rocks and is damaged beyond repair . or , more accurately , too much effort to fix , in comparison to the ... yeah , like what was said before , it's too much effort to dislike someone for a superficial reason . there's basically one person i know who i really dislike and that is for ' reasons of firm substance ' ... yeah , sometimes i'm like oh , cool , lets ask x about this ! for a split second and i'm all enthusiastic and then the desire just withers and dies as if i sprayed weed killer on it . my mind just ... yes . if i'm in a situation that makes me feel emotional , acknowledging it , even to myself , makes me feel vulnerable . i guess it may be to do with unfamiliarity . yup . i can see how that would work . yeah . calm down , no need for name calling . i realise that you wrote range only . would you not agree that because of the nature of emotions , range and intensity are somewhat synergistic ? i . e . : there ... no , i don't believe we ' experience ' the same range . maybe we are capable , i don't know . the fact is , not feeling anything is a lack of emotion . example isfj : did you hear about that horrible car ... do you know many istps ? what mbti personality type are you ? you obviously don't understand the relationship we have with emotions . edit : sorry , this post made no sense . turns out i have no clue about my fe ! '