' this . i think you hit the nail on the head with this . close friends are incredibly important to me ; i consider about four of my closest friends to be my best friends . however , a lot of what i do ... a cotton dress that's dark grey on the bottom half , and a white tank top on the top ; a belt ; and a green flannel . i'm too cool . : cool : that i get distracted too easily to be a very good driver . er ... i'm not sure . i had a pretty polarizing personality in middle school . i got harassed pretty mercilessly in seventh grade pe , but the bullying was reported by another girl in my class . i guess ... i try to be self-confident , and i usually am . i'm the type of person who tells people , well of course you love me , i'm amazing ! i can come off as really arrogant , i suppose , but it's usually ... wot . that's where i'm from ! ! but i go to college on the east coast . anyway , i feel your pain and boredom , friend . i definitely see what you mean . i'd say that there's more to mbti than there is to a horoscope , because horoscopes are assigned , if you think about it , rather arbitrarily and by chance . however , i ... i hate that i feel the need to people-please , all the time . it's so hard getting to know people when you don't really act like yourself around people you don't know . several of my very close friends ... gah , i consider most of my close friends best friends ! ! one ( intp ) i met during fifth grade ; i was brat with the huge temper problems , and one of the only people that would talk to me was my ... i love te , too ! then again , my entire friend group is essentially nts ... can't quite survive without it . anyhoo , sorry for the girlishness , but you know you're an enfp when you get an istj to ... i wish the first one weren't so true ... i went to take my instrument out during band , and someone had written i love you on the back of my namecard . <3 i have no sense of style . xd i'm a jeans and t-shirt sort of gal , and the type of person who wears sweatshirts with shorts and tennis shoes everyday . everything is very low maintenance . but i'm also ... i looked in the mirror and saw someone i actually liked . humans are ridiculous . the world is unexplainable and absurd . the only meaning to the world is the meaning you make for it and for your own life . haha , oh perc , how do you always know how i'm feeling ? explosion . today , being the case in point , i asked my teacher a question , she snapped at me , and instead of doing what all of the other ... i was thinking this exact thing earlier ! i confess that i always procrastinate so much , it almost inevitably ends up with a panic attack . i wish my emotions weren't so volatile . :/ there's only so often you can blame hormones and stress before you start wondering if there's something seriously wrong with you . i'm pretty sure i can't ... i can kind of relate . :/ but i have to agree with hmwith - there'll come a point where you just have to jump in ( or wade very , very slowly ) , and try , and the worst that could happen is you end up back ... i love watching those , too ! though , the last time i did , i ended up wandering around the house with a knife , because if the apocalypse happens , it will drive the world into chaos , anarchy , etc . , our ... i loved the new star trek , too . :) and you haven't read the books ? ! they are , in my opinion , so much better than the movie . douglas adams is brilliant , hilarious , and a man to be completely admired ... good luck ! wherever it takes you , it'll be worth it :) personally , i'm enjoying not knowing who i am , at least for a few more years . it's terribly exciting . it's a universe of possibilities ! i know exactly what you mean . :/ we were once having a discussion circle in my lit class about the great gatsby , and people immediately started generalizing - all rich people are immoral , for ... very simply , like this -> :D 3:35 pm - oh man , i really want to go read in the living room , but then i'll see the backyard and feel guilty about not helping to put the fence up ... even though i'd probably saw a thumb off ... hi ! i'm an enfp and i need to get my life in order . my first crush was in kindergarten , on a boy named daniel . i longed to be the jill to his jack in the school play mother goose's goose is loose . instead , i was cast as a pig . xd when i was younger ( elementary / middle school young , that is ) , i was always the crushed . i fell in and out of love every couple of months . when i got older , i stopped having crushes ( i haven't had a ... perfume : story of a murderer , or alternatively , das parfum - die geschichte eines mörders . love that movie / book . it's brilliant . das versprechen - a german film about two teenagers in love , sophie ... 1 pride and prejudice - jane austen 2 the lord of the rings - jrr tolkien 3 jane eyre - charlotte bronte 4 harry potter series - jk rowling 5 to kill a mockingbird - harper lee 6 the bible 7 ... i know what you mean ; this is the first time i've actually felt appreciated in a really long time . xd i really am really lucky though , but the thing about being the person who's always helping means ... yes . i once had a conversation that literally consisted of yeah , isn't that funny ? and then i kept talking at you to fill up the silence because you haven't been talking yeah i know i talk a lot ... it's not bands in particular who inspire me ( except for the beatles . until this month , i think i've been completely deprived ) , but specific song . at the moment , in fact , this song makes me smile - ... username : variablestar age : seventeen location : southern california ! relationship status : single what do you look like ? : around 5 ' 3 , 5 ' 4 , average build . i have wavy , sometimes curly , ... i completely agree . :D best group of people to be stuck with . bookmark it ! because there will definitely be a time when the exact opposite happens . > . < i think the part that really touched me about that was the fact that there are twice as many listeners as venters . x3 i'll start this thread off with one of my favorite ( and sometimes true ! ) stereotypes - enfps make great friends . we listen , we give advice , we're supportive , funny , the ones people come to when they ... i'd love it . :] i don't know if the would be able to handle it , though ! xd my two best friends are both intps , and we know how to handle each other's boundaries . there could be issues with me knowing ... oh man , i have to agree with everyone on this thread . i've been accused of being a huge flirt and leading people so many times ... and it's only when i don't try ! this ended up being a huge problem , ... i'm an enfp , and i wish i could pay for the college of my choice ! hi , i'm an enfp , and i feel guilty when i get tired of / annoyed by people . :D intp , without a doubt . tell that to the men in the white coats ! romance ! time ! a special off button for when i start babbling would be nice , too . yeees . not only do i always misplace things , i forget what someone tells me within a few minutes , and ask the same question multiple times within the span of one conversation . but my long term memory ... the best kinds are the loud ones that kind of hurt . i apologize a lot , i've gotten told off for it several times . i always feel justified when i do it , though , but when people ask why i'm apologizing , all i can do is flail and say because . xd it's ... exactly ! the things you find are so much more interesting than cleaning ! '