' i'm a quaker because i was raised a quaker . i went through a period in my life where i looked at other religions , and i found plenty of things that either didn't make sense , or that i just didn't ... now this , this is my kind of thread . - what genres do you like to play / release stress playing ? i play a lot of 1 - on - 1 fighters ( soul calibur , tekken , mortal kombat , dead or alive , nothing 2d ... i'm in the same boat as . i've only been in one relationship , but in my case , even though it ended sour , she and i worked things out and remained good friends . i haven't gotten rid ... handmade gifts are awesome , especially if the amount of work shows . i'll say the same thing i say with all gift related questions though , it's almost impossible to go wrong with food . it's useful ... rant : yesterday was insane . i had an almost road rage moment when i was trying to park . the lot was full , it always is because the school has a chronic shortage of spots . i waited for this woman ... i think we had this conversation a while back , or it was similar . i believe the conclusion we came to was that we were renaming ourselves as something that had to do with robots and being totally ... i just lost a piece of popsicle . it was delicious mango . i can't find it . it's just - nowhere . gone . i know , logically , that it can't be gone though . so that leaves two options . 1 . an ... rant : today is so boring . rave : i did finish a new project though ! it's 4 views of the same piece , before and after blooming , with 15 blue and 15 yellow units . can you even imagine what they'd do without us , though ? rave : so , i have this dramatic friend . i totally decimated her today . it was awesome . why ? why , kuropuu , would you ever take pride in upsetting another person ! ? because she was being a total ... this sounds startlingly familiar , and as much as i hate to get emotional , i can understand where you're coming from . my best advice would be to find an outlet . i turned back to my hobbies and after ... i suck at it . i have to keep checking the clock constantly . i tend to drastically overestimate things and wind up with time to kill . i don't ever feel / think a certain way about an entire group of people . it's rude and causes bias before you even know a person . to me , this is like asking what white women think about black men ; ... oh gosh . this is a great thread . my favorite compliment would have to be yeah , she's the smartest idiot i know . it was a legitimate compliment . i like to act really dull around groups because ... i read just like that . i don't picture things , but - i don't know , it's like if it's written well enough , the words themselves are magical . i figure it has something to do with my auditory over ... family was the biggest part of my issue too , and eventually i was like no , this is crap . after you finally really get that voice , it's absolutely liberating . ( side note : i'll be honest , i was kind ... i was sitting in the living room , contemplating stuff , when i had this awesome idea . why don't we just make three-legged chairs ? it would save so much material if we stopped making four-legged ... gawd , it's been so long since i was in here . you'd think since i have so many pictures of myself i'd be here more often , but no . i'm too busy with things like diablo . which brings me to my ... i used to have that problem , until i finally started recognizing it for what it is ( a problem ) and stopped making excuses for the people that were taking advantage of me , not that i think you're ... word : compassion ( though justice was a close second . ) symbol : and i know how generic it is , but i love the principle . oh my gosh , but i have so many . i'll try to cut it down . 1 . que sera sera . after so much crap gets thrown at you , and there's nothing you can do about it , eventually you just have to understand ... i become ... a tree . trees are strong ! trees are mighty and rigid ! trees are easily defeated with a chainsaw ! but seriously though , trees are also notoriously bad about talking to people . dude , dude , we're back to this thread and no one told me ? for shame . i secretly love children's picture books . when i'm sitting in a doctor's office and i have a choice between 1 fish , 2 fish , ... :) i've been told more than a few times that i must have wonderful amounts of patience , and i do , but really , i think most of it is just sheer determination . i decided to do it , and then i did . rant : i have this friend who's texting me all the time . he really likes me . i'm just not that into him , and i have made that incredibly clear . he ends every sentence like this ... like he's always ... oh my gosh , everyone knows that kuropuu can't resist these , no matter how many days old they might be . 1 . if you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal , would animal would represent you ? ... i literally laughed out loud . anyway , in all actuality , most of the things mentioned here don't bother me . the misuse of words just rolls off of me ; i chuckle about it and move on . there are ... you didn't like it when it was my avatar ! gawd . ( i kid , i kid . but seriously , ginchiyo tachibana is the stuff . ) anyway , on to business ! rave : i finally have as many tour de france medals as ... i was at an anime convention this weekend . i felt like i was the odd one out because i wasn't nerdy enough . i belong at comic-con . i'd be a queen there . i love everything about myself because i'm so so so awesome . / kuropuu what . what . what . why didn't i hear about this earlier ! ? assuming i'm even reading that right . [ this is the best rage . gif i've seen in ages . there's a little bit of language , even though it's vaguely censored . oooh , lots of fun stuff going on in here . in regards to being afraid of wolves , i don't get it , but it's more a location thing i guess . we've always had wolves and coyotes and they're constantly ... i'd post a video , but it's the entire artist . enya . you know what gets that out of your head ? only time . i've done some looking in to learning styles , and i'm 100 % sure i'm a > v > k . the story tends to go that if i hear it , i know it , and so on and so forth . so yeah , i'm the odd one out . ( i kid , i kid . ) i get very upset when this thread isn't first page . this thread should always be first page . always . i vote that this should become either a . , a group project ( because we are an army of totally invincible robots ) , b . , some sort of nomination process , or c . , a combination of the two , as in we hold a ... i am disappoint . i thought there was going to be a classier finish . maybe an actual picture of a spoiler or something like soylent green is people ! but no . i get nothing . nothing ! ! ! u200b awesome . u200b i was driving with my grandmother one afternoon a few years ago , i was probably 14 ( and don't worry , this story actually does have a purpose ) and it was a very pivotal time in my life . things have ... rant : my church did vbs last week , and the more time i spent around these kids , the more jealous of them i became . their most important problems are things like she has more crayons than i do and ... i may or may not have posted this one before , and it's relatively old , but still , it applies today . dear optimist & pessimist , while you were arguing about whether the glass is half-empty or ... ah damn , you caught me . more random note however , if you rearrange the letters in douglas , you get usa gold . you know who else had a rearranged name , right ? voldemort . i'm on to you , gabby ... we're so alike . i have a very similar version of that conversation constantly . other person : you're wrong . me : no , i'm right . i'm always right . other person : but i know that you're ... i'm pretty sure it's because i haven't been around as much . things to go awfully ' cray-cray ' when there's not an istj in the roo - oh . wait . that doesn't apply here . lion dammit . you took my answer . anyway , who i am . i'm - well , this is a really hard question to answer . it reminds me of a time someone asked me what i wanted ( out of a relationship ) and i had no ... rave : diablo 3 is finally dealing with the ' rubberbanding ' issue . also , i played my first multiplayer game today ! albeit it was with a buddy of mine . that's still a big step for me though . i ... ( just skip to the bottom for a summary . ) i really didn't fit in anywhere . the d & d guys were constantly trying to get me involved , but i wanted nothing to do with it . i was too smart for the ... rant / rave : i came to better understanding of how competitive i am today . it's not everything , just the things i know i'm good at . i get insanely bad about it . i'm not talking bad sportsmanship , ... '