' anyways ... to answer the question , yes . this is largely due to the fact that i am high and / or stoned ( yes , there is a difference ) most of the time . moreover , when i ... so ... i just got home from dropping the wonderful waldeinsamkeit off at the airport to fly back home . i experienced the most amazing thirteen days of my life during her stay . anyways ... i thought i ... yuuuhuhuuu ! welcome to the forums cici : 3 ! i am glad to see you making a post ( for some reason ... ) :D ! anyways ! enjoy your time at this wonderful that is personality cafe :P so ... i was making efforts to steal my sister's new kitten ... no , i do not . ya get what ya get and ya don't get upset . i consider myself ambidextrous . i'm right-handed , but left-footed , and for everything else ( like holding a hockey stick , golf club , etc . ) i am ambidextrous ; both left and right feel 100 % comfortable ... listening to this song at about a [ 9 ]: 1 . quiet 2 . observant 3 . stoned 4 . well-mannered and chivalrous 5 . happy 6 . relaxed / laid-back / chill 7 . charming 8 . artistic 9 . empathetic 10 . awkward i'm glad you along with other people have responded to this person's post . i'd like to bring up a quote from the great terrence mckenna : psychedelics are illegal not because a loving government ... elegantly indulges into the delectable milk and immediately becomes entranced in its deliciousness . puts his tail high into the air and brushes up against the left leg of the milk-putter-outer whilst ... so much love in this thread :) * purrs * can i have milk and cookies instead of water : 3 ? in all honesty , you answered your post with the last two words : say it . that is all , just simply say it . let your heart and mind mesh , and let them speak freely without interference . i hope i helped ... in regards to marijuana and my usage , i simply become addicted to the experience of being high . it is like i have touched something so pure , and so fulfilling , that i must keep revisiting . moreover , ... i did something similar . i dated a girl for one month , she broke up with me to date someone else , then i convinced her to get back with me , but then i told her i changed my mind . lol . oh freshmen ... i have no idea how it is possible :'( but obe's are closely related to near death experiences and possibly due to the release of dmt ( a natural and psychedelic compound ) . dmt is also said to be ... that's interesting about the running . so , you actually run ( at least some times ) ? what's the farthest you've ever run when it happens ? what do you do when it happens at your home , or in front of your ... haha , i can't say i hate it . i think i've said this before , but i've never looked much into it . so i've never talked about it before , so , subsequently , i haven't had anyone say that :P and i hope you ... two nights ago i had a crazy set of dreams within the span of an hour . dream 1 started , then i immediately transitioned / teleported to dream 2 , then i immediately transitioned / teleported to dream 3 , ... when you brought up how people react , it made me think of how i appear when it happens . and from my memory , i most-likely have a straight face and have a rigid posture . so it really is like my whole ... hm , i would say it does in the initial freak out so to speak . i feel like i get scared because it's like oh my god ! what is happening ! ? i can't control myself and i feel outside of myself ! haha ... like you've said about dr , it is hard to explain :P i can agree that you feel outside of your body . and moreover , for me , i feel like i am some form of manifestation directly on top of my reality ... i tend to be competitive in my passions . my biggest example of this is hockey ; however , the pure joy i have out on the ice trumps over my competitiveness . subsequently , i don't really care if i win ... i've only experienced depersonalization ; however , this is only during rare occasions when i smoke cannabis ( maybe 10-20 % of my highs have this happen ) . i actually really like when it happens . the way ... hello , and welcome to the forum :) ! i found you talking about your derealization quite interesting . i'd never really looked into dr and dp , but you were a catalyst to doing so , thank you :D ! enjoy ... that's interesting . i like the way you explained it , too . i'm not sure what i think about that question . all i know is i was different before my parents got divorced ( which was around the age of ... seeing as most people disagree , i have a question : do you believe personality types can be changed due to a cause ? for example your parent's divorce , physical abuse , etc . thankfully for me , i always stray away , or simply don't , get into the mindset of trying to predict . i say thankfully because i'd rather something i am experiencing be a surprise . otherwise , it would ... i can empathize with you fully . it reminds me of statuses that say something like ... omggg ! nobody knows what i'm going through ! no one has it as hard as me ! the way i try to reason ... i believe it is proven that there is correlation between looking good and feeling good . as for myself , i can say that this is true . i simply feel better when i maintain myself and create the aspired ... take a look at this video : alan watts - what do you desire ? - youtube just so you're not lost ( if you actually do choose to watch this ) , alan watts is essentially speaking words as to why one does ... i came across this video recently : i wish i came across it earlier , but that's okay . i eventually learned on my own . i feel like it is clear that you ... i can not speak for all infps , but i can safely say logic is not too much for me . in fact , i use quite a decent amount of it in my discussions . this is because it is simply undeniable , why would ... took a nature walk the other day and had a few pictures snapped of me :P ( which does not happen very often )  ... bored and waiting for my boss to arrive ( aka participating in what my shirt suggests :P ) . sorry for the sideways picture and i don't normally wear hats :P got a new hairdo today ! what do ya'll think ? i indulge in the use of cannabis , and quite assiduously : 3 i think the suggestion that someone made is appropriate . why not let mary jane fill the void ;) ? i found my love on perc . before i met her , i was quite cynical and very passive ; i thought ' the one should find me . i thanked one of her pictures , and later on , she thanked mine . i thought to ... i get told i am high because i am most likely high . i have seen my aura myself , so i do not need a questionnaire . my aura color is white / light blue / light orange . be yourself and don't give a fuck , simples . also , stop confining yourself to infp / mbti ... it's just a crude label bro . reminds me of this video : i love these types of videos : 3 thanks for sharing ! oh gosh ! i love your hair : 3 i do not know why , but i have a little ... thing for red heads : 3 just curious what other's think of being home alone . for me , being home alone is my entire life and i love it for the most part . even with six family members in the house ( four siblings and parents ) ... where would you live ? within nature . what would you live in ? a log cabin built from scratch . what ’ s your transportation ? i will not need transportation , so my legs . what would you create / do ... my favorite anime , hands down , is clannad . those who have seen it will know why : 3 and if you have not seen this show ... what are you doing with your life :P ? real talk though ... go watch it , you ... you guys act so surprised with a lot of them being introverts , why ? they are more often than not alone ( or with very close friends ) behind a camera and / or microphone . i do not know about you ... but i ... i always enjoyed this video and what it is trying to get across . due to that , i thought i would share it with my fellow infp's : 3 any thoughts ? so cute : 3 :) :D :'( D: '