' ohhh . yeah i've never heard of it . i used to love playing fashion games but they've easily bored me quick . lol , what are you talking about over here ? i'm 21 . wooow ! excuse me , i'm just so enthralled at how much you sound like me . when i go shopping , i'm very picky at what i pick out . like if i buy it , i have to absolutely love it . it has to represent me ... well that's lovely . i'm glad you wrote the post even despite having deleting it after . and i'm glad you've discovered something of yourself . your input was appreciated just as everyone else's and it ... yeah that sounds like a suggestion i might take up . :) well , i think i might have a tough time recalling a lot of my childhood , at least trying to pinpoint cases where my dom function was apparent or something . i do remember that i was a happy child ; ... i've been through the phase where i had to do a lot of self searching to finally figure out that i am an infp . after a while i strongly believed that i was an infp until ... today . i even told myself ... i'm late replying to this but i just wanted to say i liked the video despite what others might say . she actually reminds me a lot of myself . plus she's adorable * not annoying * . thank you for posting ... yeah . if you can find it that would be appreciated :) . right ! :D no seriously . why are you guys being so judgemental ? a lot of you sound really mean . i'm forgetting what forum i'm in . well , i never said anything about selfish intentions . i also want to point out i don't mean self-centered as in placing oneself and concerns of self above others . as in when someone is being ... i think being introspective is self-absorbed . where the opposite would be being absorbed in your surroundings . but to me , these qualities aren't necessarily bad traits . in fact they're quite the ... yeah but perc is a lot like many of online communities . the difference is that most people here are interested in typology and etc . but idk ... i somehow assumed it'd be different . but i guess ... i agree with all above . of course ; i mean ' centered on the self ' self-centered . not as in ' inconsiderate ' like , or self-centered in a negative light . i tried to explain this to my sister the ... i sense sarcasm . why ? hey i saw your post and i really liked the points you made ; why'd you remove it ? what's a hipster ? p . s . those are cute i guess you can't really mistake being self-centered with attention-seeking and i think a lot of people might do that when considering infps . i believe infp's are self-centered . can you explain why ? i'm not saying this to be condescending or to be bashing myself or anyone in any . but just from observation and i guess , like , through ... i know , i was curious about the same thing at first but yes , it is quite possible . i don't know a lot about enneagrams but i know it's about motivations and core fears or something . i know that 5s ... ryan gosling really strikes me as an enfj . this interview brought me to tears . no takers ? * sigh * okay : unsure : i'm pretty sure i've seen a few threads like this floating around here . but i'm curious about what most of you will have to input of your sense of style on a visual level . you can post pictures ... ok ! a guy who accepts my way of cooking and loves it ! a guy who accepts my taste in style and loves my unconventional personality . he brings my good sides out and doesn't mind my silence or ... i'm completely with you on this . it makes me angry to say the least . the way the media lies and twists the truth to make it sound like gaza's the one attacking israel . my sister and i were talking ... why don't you ever talk ? why are you so quiet ? hurry up ! ew . you're creepy my sister can you read my story / poem and tell me what you think ? when are you going to read my story / poem ... two of my best companions are a one armed bear and an orca . my brain has this encoded map of rules and etiquettes that forces me to function accordingly . i hold a lot of secrets because of this ... toby regbo is the guy guilty of my melted heart . ryan gosling has been apart of my life since i was very young . he probably was my first celebrity ... downtown of the city i live . awe ! ! you looks adorbs ! camera tip : try wiping the camera lens with a microfiber cloth , one you would use to clean the screen ( where it won't scratch up your lens ) the photos will probably come out a lot clearer andvless ... it must say a lot about us when there's 12k + pages on a thread like this . : laughing : well my aim might be more efficient so ... maybe ... you'll be spared . maybe . * raise eyebrow * mean it ? or you're just afraid of getting shot ? idk ... it might be deadly , if i shoot you ... with my water pistol ! yay ! let's high-five with the back of our hands . no dude , sorry , you're on a different page . but so am i now . would you like to join me anyways ? seriously , i'm not good at insulting . nor do i have the energy . would you like be a tigress with me and gallop through a field of baby breaths and dandelions ? haha , of course . that's harkness for you . gotta love him . ... you eat daleks ? : confused : idk ... sincere-riously , have a seat ; no one cares . welcome infp . i'm an infp too and although i'm still pretty much a noob i've found this place and it's communities to be lots of fun and feelings of exhilaration . just the excitement in discovering ... when i think of marriage , i think about my husband's smile and about how i'll be crazily smitten about him . how he'll be my family and how with his help , hopefully , we can create a larger family . i ... thank you ! i'm so lame and i'm replying to this super late . if you ever read this then forgive me . this is just a project sort of thing . we don't really model , my sister is just somewhat of a ... i honestly try my best not to cry in front of anyone . i mean no one . i won't feel as bad when in front of like my mother or my sisters . but if i have to cry ; i try to make sure not a soul knows of ... my teeth hurt ! 1 . when flirting is directed at me there can be multiple reactions depending on the flirter and the situation . if i'm not really interested i'll completely ignore them flirting as if it doesn't ... don't feel ashamed :) . but , no ; you are not alone . i do the exact same thing ... often ... all of the time ! hi ! opps ! i selected submit before finishing the post . anyways . a ton of infp's i run into are fans of doctor who . recently i decided to check into to see what all the craze was about ; boy ... '