' here , have an infj . lol . nope . rule 1 : everybody is a sensor and an intuitive , especially if they're well-developed human beings . rule 2 : mbti doesn't concern itself heavily with relationships between types , that's a socionics ... along with intps , perhaps more than any other type . intuition itself leads to an emphasis on the ideal rather than the actual , and the thinking used by ntps is heavily focused on abstraction , rather ... it's extraverted judging in general . all politicians have to be capable of this ; it's their job . so only si types can use statistics to defend their claim ? that's te , son . once again , credible ... all reputable sources i've found argue trump an estp . observations on the above , while showing traits of both , heavily favours estp . trump's divisive and rabble-rousing nature is ... te dominant is all about productivity . auxiliary matters less so . oh , it was . nice find . i should probably learn to backtrack , huh ? : laughing : either or . i don't agree with the matchmaking used by personalitypage.com , and i don't think i've seen mbti or keirsey ... it's basically a guy getting by in a tough universe surrounded by people who could crush him with their mind . that and it gives you the option of flipping the finger when given the option of becoming ... exfps do it all the time ; in fact i'd argue it's a characteristic of theirs ( i say this as one ) . note why we can be criticized for being two-faced and can make decent politicians . fe is usually far ... ti . extps in particular will often hold to their beliefs even more doggedly when the crowds against them . more challenge that way . i don't give two shits why you believe something , you're ... trump's doing nothing there but appealing to emotional atmospheres , in other words , fe . and it's doing it pretty crudely too . it's based on observation . you've mixed up cruz ' use of fi / te ... if you haven't finished swtor , you'll be surprised by where the story goes with your character . either or , i agree with you , entp is most likely . oh yeah , because it's clear we don't have a consensus , i thought i'd add that trump appears to be an estp . 1 . weak thinking ; you see this reactions in xxfps more , but not exclusively . with xxfjs it's usually more this doesn't make you right / that's just your opinion types of argument ; an aversion to ... neoliberal economics . 1 . stoic ; yet prone the occasional sudden long-winded outburst of ranting and / or humour . 2 . good with a rifle ; but terrible in a close quarters fight . 3 . task orientated , highly competent . 4 ... ever considered that it's because esfjs and intjs are like , polar opposites ? most turbulent isfjs i know are esfjs . assertive ones ? never met any of those . lol . [ citation needed ] . that's just like , your opinion , man . doesn't matter , i'm sure actually murdering somebody would cause somebody along the line worry and / or anxiety ; my loved ones , theirs , the jury , the person who finds the body , etc . correlation does not equal causation . of course - and your definition of disturbing is rather stupid . be pretty fucking uncomfortable for the poor fucks falsely accused of rape . the one you dip in sugar continuously , though the ones dipped in sweet and sour sauce probably taste better . the relevance of an art form is entirely the perspective of the watcher / reader / listener . ... and well , heavy metal music . it was a super hero movie that featured pegging and bewbies . take it or leave it . stupid . lol . the majority of the perc community are idiots . no need to defend the existence of a cognitive function . anybody who is doing some form of function lynching is a fool not worth the effort . learn how to think critically . or eventually you'll end up in cults far worse than myers briggs . motörhead . can't do tv littlefinger ... he's just so different from book littlefinger . in the book he's essentially trusted by everybody because he's so charming and yet appears so powerless and helpful . the tv ... it's not ' critical thinking ' if criticism is disavowed . it's a pretty clear cut thing isn't it ? it's rather essential for getting along in a world where people aren't the same . iron monger's power armour . you're supposedu 200b to feel like that . enfps . half of which are esfjs anyway . yeah , wars of the diadochi , but with the rebellion as another piece on the board . to some extent this is true , i agree . were this a book series especially it would be necessary , and i ... she was the most unoriginal mary sue out of the all the new characters ... leaps and bounds ahead of the prequel trilogy , which was better as a concept than an implementation . the new star wars ... needs a chainmail bikini . your mother is a hamster and your father smells of elderberries . aside from introversion , your list doesn't reveal much . people have yammered on about si being related to time , or history , or the past . yet i never recall jung being specific about that . simply put , si seems to involve more the personalisation of ... dude , si is memory maan . did you remember something from five years ago ? dat siu 200b . enfp > esfp . the nail that doesn't stick out can't be hammered . it's not like the world is out to destroy it's majority ( introverts ) . to be fair socionics and mbti both deal with jung on some level . there is a very good reason that the latest star wars film hearkens back to the original star wars ( it's the same reason george lucas's ideas for ep.vii were discarded ) ... the less said about the ... some kind of ntp . '