' it'd be a fearsome thing to behold ! first of all they'd try to have the most stimulation possible even if it's not safe , then they'll be so concerned to what are society expectations that they'll ... 8w9 infp when you say sympathetic villain i can't help but think of hades from disney's hercules . he's hilarious and steals the spotlight when he's in scene . my idea of a sympathetic villain ... welcome to the forum . i hope you'll understand your better . :) hi and welcome to our humble abode ... ehm .. forum : tongue : . i'm an infp too and i agree with everything you say . our fi makes us not attuned with social conventio ns so we spend our life searching ... good night y'all ! se welcome istp friend ! ^ ^ welcome to the forum ! i'm a 5w4 too but i'm an infp . also i've recently started watching sherlock so thumbs up for the avatar ! welcome to the forum ! ^ ^ me : infp father : esfj mother : istj maternal grandmother : exfj paternal grandfather : istp paternal grandfather : estj paternal grandmother : isfj aunt : enfj uncle : intj male cousin : intp here's a list : 1 ) impratical . te is the inferior function so we aren't the best when there ' some pratical thing to do . we often live in our imaginary world built for not being hurt by reality . but ... connetticut engaged sound jubilee explanatory joy crown blues wonderful writer i'm a bit tired ... yeeeh , another infp :) ! welcome to the forum ! yes , personality theories are really helpful and fun too . fi - 75 % ne - 67 % te - 57 % si - 45 % ti - 42 % ni - 22 % fe - 21 % se - 20 % nice test . well , it's correct too . the interesting thing is that i've scored te more higher than si ! it's only some ... romance is a difficult subject for a normal person but if you're a nf it's really hard to find someone . personally , some people tried to say that my is that i'm too reserved so the poor guys ... good night perc ! sleep well and dream good things . cool system ! i'm a dhip , the internationalist liberal . poor cats . i like them very much but i think i know why they're so hated . first of all there's a reason the dog is called the man's best friend . dog are more affectionate to their master , they ... intp 5w4 sx / so when you're so exhausted how social interaction and you want to go home for relax but try to don't say mean things to the others because you're tired . i've an enfp friend . i like her , we get along fairly well and she has a good sense of humor . she is quite charming . i mean people , guys in particular : tongue : , follow her as bees with honey . it's ... kiss : entj marry : infp bed : esfp next : intj - enfp - infj welcome to the forum ! yes , the theory is really helpful for understanding our character better . i was thinking about the fact that in the forum ' search box there's written type here .. and considering the fact that this is a forum about types ... i think it's funny . * goes away before someone ... writer teacher film critic journalist alright the first character i relate to is a strange pick for an infp i'm sure : tongue : . but here she is : 1 ) scarlett o'hara from gone with the wind . yeah , it's not the character you think about ... alright , first of all i'm sorry for this situation and i hope you'll figure things out . being reserved it's one of the main characteristic of us infp . from my experience an infp has a very difficult ... as someone who losed a friend i can relate to the topic . well , first of all i'm not so easy to get along . i admitt that maybe i'm too selective . my introversion doesn't help because often i like to ... intp . uhm i'd say 4w5 or 9w1 . welcome to the forum ! don't worry about the mistakes , i'm not a native english speaker too ! you'll learn with time . yeah , let's answer the questions . what are you looking for in your dream house ? uhm , i want an house aestethically beautiful and where i can express myself . you know , something you can really ... welcom to the forum ! kiss - enfj marry - istp bed - entj next : intp - esfj - estp inxp . i voted for the downtown city because it's a place where you can live your life , with many services and things to do . obviously it isn't the stereotypical city with the buildings in gray and many ... hi ^ ^ . there are many interesting discussions here and fun too so ... welcome to the forum ! i love writing so i keep a journal . it's not the typical journal in which you write stories or your private information . i hate the last type xd . keep your private dealings in your brain , don't ... for me sci-fi is more meh . i can read it but it's not my favorite genre . so , fantasy all the way expecially if there's a mythological , well buildied world like lotr . my mother is an istj and my father is an esfj . i don't want to stereotype thing s but ... being the only intuitive in the family is not easy xd . i tend to get a long with them well , it depends on the ... in my family i'm known for being a really slow eater . interestingly enough the other person who eats slowly is my istp grandpa , my grandma ( enfj ) and my father ( esfj ) are really fast when eating ... oh , i'm sorry . yeah for us infp it's really difficult to find someone that suits us well . we have a very different vision of relationships and so it's difficult to find someone . i realate to your ... infp - medium . there seems to be a correlation with infp and long straight hair . i think because it's the typical haircut in rappresentation of mythological creatures like fairies and nymphs . ... pro choice when your mind jumps from path to path . step on glass . it'll harm me but at least i could probabily survive . dancing salsa with a monkey or eat insects ? ( that's quite strange , i know : tongue :) i think the wheel is more important , at least we can go with easiness from place to place . pizza or sushi ? mother : istj father : esfj generally in my family they're sensors . i've only one intuitive , my cousin . and extroverts tend to marry introverts ... pretty strange . '