' i think i flunked computer science today . yeah , disown me . i panicked and messed up . and i've been studying for months ( although it wasn't effective ) . this sucks . when i was born , my parents almost split over what to name me . the second choice was gul ( like sea gull pronounced more gutturally ) which means circle . praise the lord that not both of my parents ... i was thinking about that too . the slightest error will make it look like hen scratches . not a pleasant risk for a 1st timer.such a complex entity should be machine drawn . omegle is now blocked here . can you believe it ? it was like my social hub . the kids i go to school with look down upon intellectualism . if the majority of the people my age i must interact with feel learning is * ghey * , i am bound to say i feel intellectually superior to ... absolutely not experienced with body art what so ever , but may i suggest the calabi-yau manifold ? it's adequately awesome and i'm saving up to buy a glass model for myself . a brief summary : ... like theowl , i recently discovered john green as well , and ended up reading every published book of his within a month . it was unadulterated enjoyment , green has a unique way with words . i ... i did finish reading the ap es book ( pulled an allnighter ) , fueled solely by the fiery anti-apathy sentiment rekindled inside me , thanks to this thread . it's 5 am , gonna nap now . ( for the next 12 ... you summed this up so beautifully . i am now going to go study for my aps . would you be willing to disclose what your book's title ( s ) is ? nope , i'm not . i would have to go as an international student . i am trying to improve my french the best that i can.and thanks ! joined the forum , and jacobs university looks like an interesting ... i love books and reading with every fiber in my body and have so for as long as i can remember . i have a running , inarticulate commentary perpetually reeling in my head , but i simply cannot express ... cherry blossom , thanks ! do you have a link to the forum ? araya , isthmus i speak french , but i'm not fluent yet . uk wasn't exactly my first choice because it's not really cheap and pretty ... beats me . i was forced to attend swimming lessons for 4 years and i hated every second of it . i didn't have the stamina to waste over flailing in water . its one of my favorite shows .. it tends to bring a whole glamorous aspect to knowledge ( hence reduces peoples ' ignorance while making them laugh ) which i really appreciate . i also think it's quite ... oh . accumulating excess money isn't important to me , but i do understand its value . i've always been very frugal and could go on with very little . but i might have to compromise on my future ... pretty sure hair hygiene isn't type classified , but that description sounds hella istp . this one guy who i suspect to be an istp even surprises me with his ability to just not give a shit . not a ... i paint , and a lot of times it's abstract images in my head . i can write but i don't do it as often as i would like . i'm pretty good at art in general , and i love it . from the ages of 12 - 14 , i ... i mainly wanted to find out about the system in germany , scandinavia , france , belgium and perhaps switzerland and italy . college plans worry me to no end although i still have 2 years till i graduate ... dunno if the video will show as i am on my phone but an istp friend showed me this and it does resonate an awful lot . venetian snares is a blood genius with his electronic music ... write down your big goals and hang it on your monitor . in both bold letters and a permanent marker . doing that sends me into a frenzy of excitement and overaccomplishment whenever i look at it and ... thank for the reply ! yes i already did that ( read through infp sticky threads ) but i couldn't find a whole lot of common ground . at first glance , i come off as the quintessential intp and have been told so by many people who did not know my mbti type before hand . i'm more or less married to my computer , at 13 i taught myself ... i'm absolutely terrible at speaking to people in daily situations , like chitchat with the cashier , that kind of a thing . i simply can't respond appropriately to these things in real time . however , ... he sounds a whole lot like my economics teacher , who is either an entp or estp . does he often forget to mark all papers or show up late to class for reasons like : oh i was at home watching tv ... why though ? i couldn't find much p . yes , i do this a lot , although i had never coined it as extrapolation ; i thought of it as another manifestation of my ne . very well . he is pretty peculiarly attractive , yes . you're spot on . i hadn't seen that interview before and i must agree , he came off as an extroverted nf or sp . enfj seems the most likely to me . oh wow.could we be treated with a picture ? :D i have been wondering what adrien brody's mbti / enneagram is . he's quite blatantly a perfectionist , abstract , precise with articulation , intelligent and most probably a feeler ( his interviews ... just watched it today and i agree : adrien brody ( bloom ) - infj / enfj mark ruffalo ( stephen ) - entp rachel weisz ( penelope ) - infp rinko kikuchi ( bang bang ) - istp what do you suppose is ... adrien brody.adrien brody.adrien brody.adrien brody.adrien brody.adrien brody.adrien brody.adrien brody.adrien brody.adrien brody.adrien brody.adrien brody.adrien brody.adrien brody.adrien ... just bawled my eyes out watching king kong ( 2005 ) by myself . 3 am now . goddamit , adrien brody . the pianist love in the time of cholera schindler's list gone with the wind 1 . tool 2 . the white stripes 3 . portishead 4 . nirvana 5 . gorillaz 6 . oasis 7 . arcade fire 8 . radiohead 9 . breaking benjamin 10 . nine inch nails yesss . he is one of the few people who can invoke a retarded-bunny-fangirl reaction out of me : 3 i dunno , enfps seem to be big on making intuition leaps , jumping around from one train of thought ... i can relate , although i won't pretend i know what it's like to have lived through years of depression . it was pedophilic sexual assault that triggered suicide in my case ( early this year ) , coupled ... so as some of you might know , the 4th book of inheritance cycle came out and i am reading it as i type . here are some of the types i pinned down : eragon : enfp / enfj saphira : intj murtagh : xstp ... i was trying to pin down his type , and i think he is either an nfj or ntj.extraversion is probable too , seeing how he represents his niche in the media . he was a keyboardist in a rock band too , mind ... books mostly ; food's second . or if i stumble across some trinklet and feel the need to possess it ( like a classic pair of sunglasses i bought today - although i rarely see daylight ) . and i hate ... a scanner darkly no . i've had fantasies about equality though . i know just one , and she happens to be one of the people i can genuinely communicate with ( the girl in my avatar ) . if i were gay , i'd definitely date her . in that case you look almost exactly like my stalker ex neighbour . o . o i concur , i'm surprised i forgot l . also : lelouch lamperouge * 0 * goddamit shannyn sossamon * - * adrien brody * 0 * ... adrien derek eric :) extended holiday . i've always found ted bundy fascinating ( i'm an intp ) . and i agree , he's probably an intp ( maybe intj ) . the way he talks , flits his eyes , and pauses to think before answering strongly reminds me of ... '