' sigh . can't tell if i'm bored with life or needlessly restless . first post in a year or so . i used to be relatively active . was your delusional period led by an emerging extroversion of the ego ? as i used to think about it , i believe that is what led to a poor choice . go home . you're drunk . i had to do a quick google search to remember what this was . it's an explanation given by carl jung ( creator of what mbti is based off of ) for rationalizing that all things and ideas are connected ... yes . those crazy japanese school girls . intj . i'm a theistic rationalist . it's a broad term describing those of us who believe that god exists , but awknowledges the existence of reason and logic ... try and be more coherent . just stop . by far most commonly used . you disagree ? you most not have heard me correctly . i took that from something and simplified it . i don't remember what or ... i let myself succumb to arrogant youth and enlisted into the marine corps as a result . i allowed my ego to disregard warnings , and now here i am with 1st light armored recon . i'm falling apart with ... flip planning five days in advance , huh ? you got it bad ... having someone think about you for five days , and spending time with you five days in advance ? look , i don't know if you are new to this ... i experienced the same thing . most of my teachers used a weighted grading system , making tests up to 65 % of the classes overall grade . i learned quickly that i didn't need to do most of my homework ... i just don't understand this pony phenomena ... there is no point in life long sentence to prison , even more so to the people who have more than one life sentence . it's ridiculous . one cannot do anything for society sitting in prison . it is a ... i've read every post in this thread . i must say that many of the replies from female intjs puts hope back in dating for me . i just got out of a year long relationship with an infp . i love her dearly ... as i'm sure you can imagine , we introverts do not much care for people and internet forums i suppose are a lot different , in terms of social interaction . we can pick and choose topics that are based ... hmmm ... i see . you've been through far worse situations then any of us ? i've read and commented on a lot of posts , offering help to individuals who need it . there are many people who have been through a lot . that ... when i was in the seventh grade , my grandfather died . he was the only person that i ever loved deeply and looked up to . i did not have a father growing up , so he took his place . he taught me a lot ; ... i'm an intj and i like mudkips . i think they are really adorable . i am quite offended by this question , actually . we are still people , even if we are a little more detached than most . best answer that possibly could have been given . thank you . same here . i reply with something snarky like you're too ridiculous or something of the like . one thing is certain . you are an enfp . i'm happy knowing that the system is still accurate . good someone brought this up . don't play hard to get with an intj . it just pisses us off . learn to spell . maybe that's why no one understands you . i recommend this site . i hope this is what you intended us to do . how to talk to an intj . speak with conviction and mean your words . know what you are saying to me , and have an idea in your head . if you are a girl , ... it's okay to kill yourself if you're really serious about it . did you think before you typed that out ? how does that logically make any sense , beyond pointing out the outstanding obvious ? it ... is this the new state for intjs forum existence ? bathroom talk ? le sigh . this is where i miss the infp fandom posts that apparently distracted us so that we did not come to this level . i'm not going to jump in on this argument , but for for the sake of polls and what not i will say that i believe in god . i am not dedicated or affiliated with any one religion , as i belief most of ... i was going to say that you are an intj , based on your first post . however , after your answer to sanari's question , i have little doubt that you an infj . all the talk of right thing and fear ... i have a girlfriend and am attracted only to the female sex , but i also consider myself demisexual . 1 . hybrid cars ? yes . 2 . classical music ? yes . 3 . tea ? yes . 4 . cats ? yes . 5 . abba ? no , in fact i really dislike abba . i really liked metaphysics for sometime , actually . rene descartes for the longest time was my favorite philosopher , and his meditations are what sparked the interest . someone several pages back ... three . why do you wake up in the morning ? well , i was so bored in school that i realized that i don't want to go to college for awhile . nor do i want to sit behind a desk all my life , or stand at a lab desk . therefore , i enlisted into the ... i'll add in a few things . request higher placement courses . do most your studying at home and read beyond what you are supposed to . if you think you are smart enough to pass the classes and tests , ... as i child i was really disturbed by seeing any sort of horror movie ; which is funny , given how dark my stories were that i told / played with my legos or other toy collections . now though , i am really ... food choice can be determined by our personality ? hmmm ... intjs don't play coy . you can't just ... never mind . > . > i'm going to refrain from being long winded and answer quickly , as i am short on time . stop importing everything and start being a little more self reliant . countries like japan , china and ... sad robot sadly , i regret to inform you that this is an awkward intj ( most are , you know ) macking game as they say . or if you are not familiar with the term , he is flirting . therefore , i think ... yes i totally agree that he doesn't know what he wants . that's why she needs to tell him in the beginning . at least this way he won't be blindly led on . sad robot why didn't you post us the ... ha ! sad robot okay look . i'm not going to ramble on and argue about this , as i think this is pretty straight forward . it is my personal belief that most intjs do not care so much for people , ... vuduvince i don't like your use of faces . you're awfully ... cheerful ... sure light has friends , but i'm sure you noticed that his girlfriends were being entirely used , and that he really had no interest in either of them . he also stated directly that he needed to appear ... i will never pass up an opportunity to recommend jin roh : wolf brigade . favorite movie of all time , anime and otherwise . i love how infp's don't come into intp threads , asking questions like this . so instead intp's decide to ask said questions of and for themselves . dear music world and all who are recently closely associated , stop producing absolute shit . even more so , stop ruining my favorite artists . kind regards , pissed intj well i am very happy with the person i am with ; so in that aspect i am a happy person . i am not very content with my life , however . i'm only 19 , and my higher education / training hasn't really ... i'm really tired of this intp / intj bullshit that has recently been blown way out of proportion . i don't care about your sudoku / train tracks . it's irrelevant to everything . i encourage you to read it . i read it for an ib ( international baccalaureate , for those who don't know ) english class , and then again afterwards so i could enjoy it a little more . each story is no ... black and white aren't colors . they are pigments . > . > exiles at home by ch'en ying-chen . nine short stories of chinese literature . absolutely astounding stories . '