' in my experience , esfp's don't make very good matches for infj's . as an infj i am drawn to every female esfp i meet like a moth to a flame , but they are kryptonite , man ! as attractive as they are , ... i spend a lot of time in conference calls throughout the day and i do find comfort in familiar voices , especially during meetings with a lot of people i don't know . it's kinda like when you're at a ... i occasionally get depressed as a result of compounding circumstances that i feel i have a hard time controlling . really , i get depressed over petty things and once i am able to realize how petty ... i consider myself a cyclist first and foremost , but i log between 10 and 15 miles per week on the giddy-up sticks . as the weather gets cooler i run more than i ride . i especially love running when ... omg ! with animal crackers ! in my experience it is bad . baby kittens and candy are sweet . the women that i am generally interested in look for strength , security and sex appeal . of course i have the curse of being drawn to ... on the subject of y'all , i actually get a kick out of it . my company has a couple offices in alabama which i frequent . seems that whenever i go down there i pick it up right quick along with all ... they say that in buffalo , ny usa as well . specifically older people of polish descent , of which there are many in buffalo . i do experience lust but only for women that i am both physically attracted to and feel some sort of psychological / emotional bond with . just looking at sexy women without at least establishing strong ... i totally agree with this ! my estj wife and i would absolutely kill it on the amazing race ! when we're in sync and focused on the same goal it's like our personalities compliment each other to the ... jesus . i mean , that door was opened and i couldn't resist . not so much in middle school or high school , but once i got to college people suspected me of being gay . luckily people are more mature at that age so i have really only dealt with people saying ... i love nature ! i grew up on a farm and practically lived outside all year long , finding beauty in everything in this world . today my mood is affected by the weather , i am a sun worshipper to the nth ... james bond . i'm a big fan of uniqueness . in the same sense i have a deep abhorrance for all things mainstream , trendy and / or popular . that is not to say i am not trendy , but i like to think that i am a ... my wife is an estj , and let me tell you ... it is tough ! i've been with her for 13 years and i'm sure she doesn't embody all things estj's , therefore my following list of traits are stark ... i really feel for you , lumielisa . i have 2 kids ( 3 and 6 ) and i thank my lucky stars that i have a full time job to break up the time . don't get me wrong , they're great kids , but they require ... i'd be flattered that someone else is thinking about me enough to talk about me . it means i'm in their head ! : ninja : i've found a good deal of success in the realm of training . i do a lot of digital content development work ; basically taking ppt presentations , adding animations and voice-overs , and publishing into ... hanging out at bars socializing with a lot of people , enduring loud , pulsing music , and hitting on women is not fun in my book . i gather that type of thing isn't fun for any infj . trying to find ... no touchy ! no touchy ! anyone closer to me than arms reach is too close . the only exceptions are my kids and women who i'm physically attracted to / romantically involved with - in which case , touchy ! ... i'm totally with you on that . i used to try to fit in as a kid . i became pretty efficient at it after a while but it seems like too much work now . i guess it would depend upon how much of a disparity ... luke skywalker by a mile ! ! may the force be with me ! i get aha moments all the time but they're never people-based . instead , they're always focused on creation of business processes , web-sites , tools , etc . or songs . in these cases they're always ... every time i try to hit a baseball ! subtle environmental changes go completely unnoticed to me . one day i was sitting on the couch talking to my wife and noticed a new picture on the wall . i said ... that's a ni-fe vs . ni-fe stalemate , right there ! i can imagine my own thought pattern . thinking : should i kiss her ? no , that would be to abrupt , not the right time . but what if she really ... sadly , i've never gotten close enough , mentally , to anyone to share my innermost thoughts with . there's a thread about soul mates ... my ideal soul mate would be someone i could seamlessly take into ... sounds like you need another infj to me ! i was an outcast in grade school - middle school . people picked on me because i was smart , apparently that's a bad thing in the minds of children . i thought i was weird then and affirmed to myself ... aye ... i'm quite the dreamer . i surround myself with t's to remain grounded ; they're so boring though . : tongue : i used to work in the same type of set-up , ' cept i was the boss . it was still weird because i felt like i was invading my employee's privacy all the time . here's some ideas : turn your workstation ... i've certainly broken a few hearts in my day . it usually happens because i get close with girls and they develop romantic feelings for me that i don't quite share . in retrospect i am kicking myself ... what delilah ! ? ! ? that says you're an intj ? 41 % infj 23 % enfj 14 % infp 9 % intj 3 % isfj i used to test as an enfj when i was younger ( and perhaps biasing my answers toward extroversion ) . i'm down with that . i usually look to craigslist first for something that i know is high quality but very expensive brand new . i'd rather have a used carbon fiber trek madone than the top of the line ... time to break out one of my all time favorite bands that 99 % of the people i know scoff at ... the mars volta ! ! everything these guys put out is gold ... well said . that's how i interpret it as well . i can memorize strings of random numbers . phone numbers , account numbers , you name it ... but i have to see them . i claim to have a photographic memory . i probably really don't but i make that ... driving toward continuous improvement every day . totally . i propose we put them all on an island full melee weapons and let them off each other or learn to live in harmony . the last time we did that we got australia and that turned out pretty well . there are some traits that i possess that often make me question my infj-ness , materialism is certainly one of them . i understand that you cannot pidgeonhole a person based on personality type but ... i personify an individual who is book smart but lacks common sense . i consider myself to be above average intelligence and those who know me would agree ( i kick ass at trivial pursuit ! ) ... my wife is an estj . our relationship is rocky and very hard to maintain . i've had my heart ripped out by a few esfp's in my day . for some reason that type , especially if they're a fellow enneagram ... that is it for me too ; i'm too hard on myself if i'm not the best . ugh ... lyrics ! my achilies heel ! i can seriously write music all day long but i struggle so much with writing lyrics . i want to be deep and descriptive but when i attempt to write like that it just ... i'm a competitive cyclist in addition to being naturally susceptible to negative body image , so it's sort of a perfect storm for me . for the last 4 years i've religiously counted every single ... ouch , baby . very ouch . man ... i don't know how they do it ! none of my skills have ever come naturally and i have had to work tirelessly to develop what little i have . honestly , prodigies make me jealous and for my own ... i'm a musician and songwriter and i love music , so i guess it's a resounding yes , us guys are musical from my perspective . : happy : your eyes are breathtaking ; and your superfluous use of elipses goes well with my ambiguously inappropriate overuse of the semi-colon . shall we continue this discussion over in jd's flirting thread ? ... '