' could also be fi . at any rate , it seems to be a challenge to fe . isfp's have tert . ni as well * shrug * how about i'd like to take her virginity ! how's that for analysis ? ! ? i can write a song about this later just doesn't seem like an esfj coping mechanism . i know sj's can be creative , but i'm ... i've seen the theory expressed , more than once , that he was enfp and then he became his shadow type ( istj ) as vader . i'd have to watch parts i-iii again before taking a stance on that . yeah , he's clearly infp . if you read the in-depth analyses throughout the net , there's really not much controversy there . even if he doesn't always act like that stereotypical type , he's a textbook ... well the core fear of abandonment rules out type five . they're almost the opposite ... afraid of involvement with others . also , a five would likely never admit to fear of abandonment , as this would ... enneagram types i do enneatype and height / weight for my characters as well . i know this doesn't really answer your question , but you're creating the characters , so their type is your choice . i plan to write a novel myself , and i've already pre-assigned types to all the ... this is one of my favorite films , and i just watched in again recently . here's my guess on the types : happy gilmore - istp ( although sandler , an isfp , usually plays feelers . his good hearted ... i've seen the mugshot special on him , and i'd say he was almost certainly enneatype nine , probably 9w8 . for the mbti , why has no one suggested istp ? that would be my guess . yes , that was always my impression of her . definitely not a feeler . eric camden is clearly an exfj . i'd say esfj--that's my father's type , and the character's like an exaggerated version of him ... i agree completely with the latter two . i read the book too long ago to make that call . for e-type , i think he just seems like 4w5 because that's johnny depp's type . in this version , he fits type ... it's been years since i've read / watched that , but yeah , i think matilda is xntp . for trunchbull , either estj or istj . they've been typed fairly extensively . kierkegaard - infp 4w5 nietzsche - intj 5w4 ( i've seen come claims he was 5w6 , but i don't think so ) camus - infp ( riso and hudson say 4w3 in their book ) ... he was istp 8w9 sx / sp / so . it's a fourish stacking . riso and hudson list him as an 8w9 as well . yeah , i could easily see xntp . when she created mean girls , it might have come across as being passionate about its message ( like rosalind wiseman , whose book inspired it ) . however , when you take ... esfj was also my first impression . i once saw a post by an infj , whose friends told her she acted just like lauren conrad . she was making the case that lauren was infj as well , and i could see ... stan and kyle are based on matt stone and trey parker , respectively . this means they intended for the characters to have their personalities . the two actual men are almost certainly both nt's , most ... that's correct .. it would be pretty silly to claim that ni or ti causes a disorder .. that defies the definition of cognitive functions . it's just that certain functional patterns are more likely to ... that's addressed in the study she attached .. the results section shows what functions were preferred by those diagnosed . i don't think they would be likely to admit a specific correlation in their ... i appreciate everyone's patience . here it is , folks , from the horse's mouth . this is an email between myself and a coordinator at the myers & briggs foundation . things to note : - - i ... interesting .. that does fit the infj description quite well . it also indicates that someone on the spectrum can be strongly oriented towards fe throughout their daily lives , even if they don't always ... yes , and i think this distinction has been a main source of confusion on this thread . it may be due to the wording of the op ( infj / intj = asperger's ) . in reality , nobody was arguing that they are ... that's cool .. i was referring to one that actually tests ni , ne , se , si , te , ti , fe , fi . before long i'll have enough posts to provide the link . yep , that's the article . as far as being obsessive , of course there's no contradiction with ni .. obsessive interests are a common intj trait .. lol . i also find that my ni is often used as a ... yes , that's very true , as i mentioned in my craigslist analogy . but is this the same as these individuals not having a type .. period ? no .. just that they shouldn't be tested in their condition . the ... as far as mirroring sadness , no .. that's not how it works for me personally . my understanding of how others feel is entirely cognitive-based . i'm just going by testimonies of others on the spectrum . ... i'm afraid i'm going to be blunt as well . you earlier stated you hoped you were missing something ( which is quite the understatement ) . i am an intj with asperger's , and i have studied both the mbti ... i'm afraid i'm going to be blunt as well . you have absolutely no clue what you're talking about . you earlier stated you hoped you were missing something ( which is quite the understatement ) . i am an ... '