' honestly ... i don't have the foggiest notion as to where i stand in regards to my sexuality . i think i used to be a demi-sexual , but that was a long long long time ago . as i've stated in other ...   the first person i helped was an employee who clearly had lost their car keys . when i arrived for my shift at 2pm , one of my passdowns was that an employee turned in a set of keys that were ... i've lead many a horse to water over the years ; 2 decades worth to be exact . unfortunately , it was their decisions ( and their decisions alone ) that prevented them from drinking . bottom line : you ... it amazes me how op came in here saying [ she ] would love [ our ] feedback . bull fuckin ' shit she does . she already had her mind made up the second i posted my comment . i've dealt with people like ... i'm already done . op disrespected me . accused me of not reading her post . the fact of the matter is , i took time to offer sound advice . what i got in return was a slap in the face . she got ... that's the thing though . op hasn't exhausted all avenues of correction . there are 3 different learning methods : visual , auditory , and kinesthetic . besides , whatever happened to verbal , written ... i clearly told you to let her record you . but i guess you clearly didn't read that . it's clear you're a fucking asshole . i wouldn't wanna work for you . relieve her of her duties . you're ... so ... i'm assuming that the short version of your post is that you're looking for a lab assistant . first and foremost , it is important for you to know that dyslexia is not a reflection of her ... this is what i see currently : 712738 also , i couldn't log in this morning . my password wasn't being accepted . i literally had to request a new password , sign in using the temp password via ...   i don't understand what's preventing this guy from continuing on with the relationship via internet . none of this makes any sense whatsoever . seriously ... if i were able to enjoy the fruits of have ... on a more serious note . what the hell is he doing on the roof ? did someone roof-ie him ? sir . i'm gonna have to cite you for the improper use of a ladder : i'm sensing guilt on his part ; based on the information you provided . i can't put my finger on what's going on exactly , but something about this whole thing is amiss . i just can't imagine a ... in a lounge music sort of mood :  my answer to # 3 : they both burn rubber . looks at answer : wait ... what ? the bolded and underlined section is what throws me for a loop . isn't that what dating is all about ? getting to know who you're with ? and wanting to get to know who you're with ? back in ...  i'm pickle riiick ! ! ! needy - i used to be , but i'm not anymore . i haven't been since i went rogue . overly emotional - depends on the context of the situation ( let's say i'm at work and i'm given the task of folding ... spent a couple hours cleaning my car , installing a dash cam ( front and rear ) , and cleaning my engine : 712106 7121 14 712122 7121 30 712138 i think i know what's going on now . i'm not entirely sure ... but if you slept with him , it would explain a lot ; if not everything . i think you encountered a pick up artist . pick up artists have ...  i think boondocks already covered that : i spent a grand majority of my childhood with an nes controller in my hands . the adventures of bayou billy was just one of my many favorites : he pulled a classic bait and switch on you . whether he did so intentionally or not , that's the million dollar question . either way , it says something about his character . it's my humble opinion ...  high school of the dead season 1 : episode 1 i think it's important that op know , and understand , that isfjs don't necessarily hate people . i hate being around people , but that's only because i've been burned countless times over the course ...  velvetine - the great divide ( seven lions remix ) walls around your heart i wanna get in i wanna know you you're scared to lose it all i know who you've been ...   i don't feel it anymore ( song of the sparrow ) ( feat . priscilla ahn ) hold on this will hurt more than anything has before what it was , what it was ,  '