' being in the military and having had to head a group a good number of times due to the current leader's incompetence i can attest to having to take lead unwillingly . when i did though , i always took ... i'd say i was forced to develop my fi more so than most intj's due to how i was raised and the things i've had to go through . i'm generally empathetic , open , and very aware of both my emotions and ... after realizing i can only connect with others using a shared external activity , i've come to the conclusion i have to learn to interact with people for various purposes . once i do make connections ... aspiring side job artist intj here . i draw quite a bit in my free time ... when i have it . right now most of what i draw is erotically inclined though it might be because enfp's are closest to that essence of youth people lost in themselves growing up . being the cynical intj that i am , the contrast between my mentality and an enfp one is quite ... i'm trying that as i speak due to your advice . i hadn't considered it . thank you enfp brother * virtual fist bump * . drats and yes i am . 23 . i'm cool with how you see things , but if you want to hide behind efficiency , inequality , and primitive affairs as a scapegoat for inaction and / or to validate a solitary existence , that's up to you , ... i don't know ... even if it is a low chance of success it's still a chance . let's say there's a 1 % chance of finding someone compatible on any platform and a . 001 % chance to find the perfect person ... shandyerx that's too bad i'm in cali . we could always meet up on the astral plane , might take a few weeks ... or years though . could use that enfp energy right about now . well anytime honestly . will provide resume and full list of credentials upon request . i hope you'll hire me as your personal intj . yes and a definite no . sadly that is the downfall of a superficial world , less opportunity for those who don't bend to it . it really depends on the maturity of each individual in question . an immature intj will analyze personal behavioral patterns to predict the intention of others to a close degree while an immature ... i think that confidence comes from insecurity and the will to overcome it , the value placed on competence amongst our kind leading to self mastery , and installing mental fail safes to make situations ... i think the biggest problem you have is that you're trying too hard to be the past you , all while heavily judging the current you for not living up to your pasts self's accomplishments . just like a ... not an enfp myself , but i'm currently in the navy and i have met 3 enfp so far , 2 males 1 female . the first male enfp was a great leader , didn't deal with pointless formalities , straight forward , but ... a while back i got 5w6 , but after retaking the test because of my mental shifts i got 4w5 , which seems way more accurate . highly individualistic with a propensity for self expression ... yup ... regardless of where you are , be it school or home , if you are part of a society and reap its benefits , you have to play your part in some way . it could be through work or as simple as attending the ... no for me . i live life to have a great death . i think many times people fall to anxiety and stress in dating because when there's a person they like they try their best to adjust themselves to meet the others preferences . this creates ... i once thought of studying in illustration and graphics design , but it seems i'm too aggressive and value freedom in my creations way too much . isn't the job market for graphics design low now ? what does your small business partake in ? and how do you like owning one ? perks and gripes ? currently i'm trying to learn survival tactics , the cultivation of an empty yet active mind , the art of fighting , the development and limits of the human body ( for fighting ) , and the strengthening of ... i think generally there'll be more issues with the infp than the enfp especially if the intj is a te whore and lacks emotional intelligence , which i think is quite important in an infp-intj match . so just as the title suggest what do you currently do for a living ? or if you're not currently working what are you aiming to become or accomplish ? i ask this because of general curiosity and ... hmmm ... it seems most of the time i'm kicking my own ass both mentally ( i love finding and fixing my weaknesses . seems everything i do like my attraction to gaming , anime , etc ... leads to this . ) and ... yeah leaving her alone for a while might help . every time i seem depressed and bored it means i'm undergoing an extreme positive change and that may be the case for your friend there as well . have ... i take a nap when i'm troubled . i already have trouble finding things other than necessities worth spending money on and being upset actually makes that worse . i'm like a natural penny pincher ... i have a strong fi but i think it most likely manifests with a stronger death stare and less shits to give to those asking for them . firstly , if those encounters didn't matter he wouldn't actively be engaging in them in the first place . secondly if he really did care about you and that you were the only one he fantasized about ... love is like walking around in life without a care in the world and you suddenly realize you can actually put bacon in your pocket . you may not know why you want it in there , but it makes you realize ... well i did talk to a broken infj for a while which felt pretty similar to a mental feedback loop if that counts . i'd rather a child be unborn than to have to be subject to prolonged suffering in a potentially uncaring world . pro . i developed mine through my interest in art , fighting , and videogames . to improve se ? shift your awareness from mind to the external world . meditation can help quite a bit as it calms the mind and ... most of the time , yes , i am deprived of quality conversation . i believe it's because a great majority of people are in constant fear of the unknown messing with their little slice of heaven ( their ... one of the only things that can send me into instant bliss and contentment while doubling as a deep sign of affection towards my significant other . do i win ? i was given a broken family and appliances to tinker with growing up :) . haha seriously though something that requires them to nurture their creativity and problem solving skills legos or kenex , even ... coming from a guy with a screen accurate red ranger costume ... it was . seyaaa ! * fail flying kick * i'm pretty much a psychopath inside , got put up the mask to remain functional and not in jail ... power rangers ---> values for justice and peace little sister ---> taught me responsibility because i had to raise her great teacher onizuka ---> badassery through compassion , help those in ... you could throw some understanding into the mix . make him take the mbti test read his description , then yours , then a direct comparison to show him how you operate mentally . tell him that because ... maybe when i get back to cali , my misfortune is mostly because of my male centric occupation . you're most likely correct , a lot of them do see me as their bros what did you expect from opening her up emotionally ? could time have fixed that issue or was it a standoffish like state where nothing was happening ? interesting so when it is threatened or stimulated you're are deeply affected by it , but defining it is difficult ? i'm guessing it's because of the secondary ne making it less tangible ? anyone here ever been in one ? know of one ? how does it work ? so far i see it as two people caressing each other brains or a new type of masturbation . thoughts ? recently infp's have piqued my interests quite a bit ( because of fluttershy ) and i'd like to know a bit more about you guys . since fi is your dominant function and values practically drive that ... most of the hugs i got in life were from enfp ... males . surprisingly uplifting and platonic despite how it sounds . i'd prefer the female equivalent but it seems my life only attracts the male ones ... i actually like to cuddle ... '