' vigilant > idiosyncratic > aggressive > sensitive > adventurous = conscientious viggo and iosef tarasov from john wick seem like 8 and 6 , respectively . si is an ingrained mental habit , instinct is instinct . neither is per se real , just comvenient categories for us to lump stuff into . itt : not having te or se and a cognitive makeup built to make elaborate , complicated mental systems is totally congruent with a direct no-nonsense simplifying style of reasoning and conduct . itt : ... daleks_exterminate getting mistyped sounds fun . gimme one ! symmetry is annoying . people keep stuffing any and every enneagram-related idea they get into clean triads and it gets on my nerves : angry : . most people look at types as types do things - it's why you see threads like what's the most precocious type / what type is most xyz etc . everywhere . 5 is pretty much i think about stuff , ... give people an option that sounds like sheeple and one that doesn't and , well . you get 45x inj soc-lasts . if i got a coin every time someone tried to defend the skewed numbers with but ... it's not , just a good idea to listen to people who have a case , whether you're sure of yours or not . worst case , you have something to think about , otherwise you learn something about yourself or ... 1 is more about imposition - ifp is more often depicted as bringibg the inner life to the outer world : expressing that which is within , while 1 is less about turning a seen thing into an unseen thing ... commend for doing tve work , but the work is on forum stats which i firmly consider to be useless or worse . i have a thought in my head , therefore i am a 5 . on one hand i want to commend this , on another , it's forum stats ... D: i've always had trouble seeing actual people in most of her descriptions . just something about the wording and the ideas doesn't click . they feel more like hey , here's an idea and then riffing on ... most new enneagram books are simple introductions to the subject , not much else , so ... you can look at some old topics and compare people's as a # statements against what shows in the sidebar . it's funny stuff . i specifically didn't discuss any typings for a reason , just wanted to underline that i don't dislike you or most anyone else due to typing-related squabbles . sounds familiar :P this is spot on . perhaps the most frustrating conceit of many typology forums is that they deal , presumably , with personality , yet have a membership that insists that ... i've usually seen that reaction from image types , yeah . most si dominants i've seen online are fairly sure they don't lead with si . ^ ^ not saying i have a definite si dom read but i'd definitely keep my mind open to that possibility . 853 , maaaybe ... the questionnaires doen't really ring intj to me at all . isfj could work , infp i'm skeptical of . enfp or istj might work as well . si / ne axis seems clear overall . any reasons why ? 1 : figure 4 : animal 5 : enneathusiast that's what this forum does to people . i visit mostly out of boredom myself , genuine learning opportunities are vanishingly rare nowadays , as are serious students ( to use the term loosely ) . most i ... he's retired , got tired of the posers and anyone can be aaannyyything mentality . i explicitly said that the two are different . gut type self-forgetting , as i see it , means an underlying issue of thinking their presence has little worth and develop strategies to deal with it , such ... did someone say shots fired ? test-entp 8 works . test t being a measure of disagreeableness . ne-ti-fe may be less complicated than ti-ne-si , but has little in the way of blunt forthrightness ... that is raw materials typing , though , isn't it ? i'm already fe , if i add another pinch of friendly other orientedness i'll be way too super friendly other oriented . it's really easy to think like ... the enneagram stands alone , yes . the whole reason jungian typology , mbti testing , big five and the enneagram can correlate is because each one stands alone . each system , from the get-go , is built to ... doesn't seem soc last ( according to the understanding of the instincts i use , some of which was outlined in the recent thread i posted ) , doesn't have the suffocating claustrophobia you'd often get ... i think the biggest mistake people make when looking at collages is the usual many do when doing typology : they look at the what instead of the how . the things that were consciously chosen instead of ... this ten times over . people have an innate character , we have grown / conditioned responses , we have adopted ideals . most of what we'll be dealing with in studying personality , pretty much regardless ... way farer . the main thing that comes to mind is studious appropriateness . i would look into the top right corner ( 9 , 1 , 2 ) . this is not eightish in the least . yea . the 8 description is another annoyance . hers is one of the justice justice justice ones which just doesn't feel right - naranjo , r & h , condon all play moreso the angle of needing to prevail over ... the authors i find to be most on point are riso & hudson ( moreso in wisdom than on personality types - a part of it is just writing style ) and naranjo on character & neurosis . both books just seem to ... these are excellent additions - i don't think the ones i posted are wrong , per se , but these nail down the tone and some extra content really well . the need to have something to give to ... sx / so is unlikely - it has a flippant , playful , ungrounded air to it in visual expression , and the people themselves do feel kind of ungrounded or unable to settle down and take root . soc-last ... i wonder why the retort to paying attention to the literature seems to always be the so lets take the literature as perfect gospel strawman . that shitty thing needs to die . yesterday . many . type is not so much about what , as much as how . ones want to improve themselves so as to be beyond reproach . threes want to improve themselves so they can accomplish more and show to the ... even if you don't use personal experiences as examples , a mistaken self-typing will still bleed into a misunderstanding of at least two types - your own and the one you're mistyped as . it's why ... immolate fiveish influences , but not five as a core type . i'd say attachment triad core , 2 fix if not 3 core , 5 or 6 for head . instincts likely sx last , tough to suss out if sp or soc first . do ... that's a very unique set of color choices . nope , it's the tone , the vibe of it . an amused five is amused differently than an eight or seven . this all of course only to a point . we're all human , typology is less putting people into a ... 9 isn't quite as much about peace as it is about not being bothered . one good nickname for the type could be stubborn unwillingness . my favourite method is to look for tom confon's typings and look for long 1 - on - 1 interviews with the person on youtube . charlie rose's show has been a goldmine thus far . eights can be really pathetic . everyone can . but it is helpful . the thing is , you definitely can confuse 7 and 8 - they're neighbors and motivations and text descriptions can be hard to parse out . that said , it is confusion between 7w8 and 8w7 ... so you're torn between a friendly , amiable and quite fretful type and the most un-fretful type in the system ? not intentionally , no . but simply through lacking self-awareness and identifying with things you like and value - what drives us on an unconscious level is not at all always the same as what we value ... '