' hey , first of all ... mods , if this goes against any personalitycafe regulations feel free to lock or delete this thread . not a big deal . i have been working on this clothing line for around 2 years ... wow , i have not been on here in a looong time since originating this thread .. so , if you have read my predicament .. here is what has happened in 2010 , and 2011 . in september 2010 i was on a road , ... i have no problem with graphic movies .. they make me cringe , but i can handle it and i love seeing how advanced practical special affects can get . for instance i can and have watched hostel , hostel 2 , ... good read . bump . i've been planting a garden for years , just haven't realized it . i may be interpreting this song the wrong way .. but my interpretation makes sense to me . yes . that is all i can say . honestly , i prefer foot . i totally agree with orange . i also enjoy taking public transit , and then walking some more . i hate driving .. i'll drive but i get very uncomfortable doing so at times . i ... infps are your natural partner , but preference is a big part of it .. through personal experience it seems as if infps and enfjs get along very well . i am an o aswell . we look at everyone's profile ... the fact that she is a clingy and controlling infp ... doesn't really fit ... we're usually quite good with giving our friends room and going with the flow and doing what they want to do , unless we ... from a 25 year old infp . ( you may be the same age too , no idea .. ) don't sit and think about it , do something . you don't need to be all suave . just be genuine and relaxed .. ask her out for coffee , ... don't forget henry wadsworth longfellow ! well , i too am an infp and enfjs are our natural partner .. so i think you should expect a natural chemistry and a big loud click . yes , they are givers .. but in a way so are infps ( even though we can ... all hail the queen of bonfires ! thank you very much for this reply , i find it very enlightening and useful . as a representative for the infps in this thread ( ha ! ) i do admit , that we are fiercely ... i minimize eye contact , i give very short answers and don't show interest on the topic - if you're trying to start a conversation .. you can tell me a really long story , and if i am absolutely in the ... work your way up to hugs and whatever .. you're into her .. she's into you .. what is there to be insecure about ? touch her arm , touch the small of her back when you're walking together ( hold the door ... elaborate ! please . :) this is tooo awesome ! i remember seeing a woman in a dress in my kitchen when i was very young , it may have been a dream though . all 3 kids in my family ( including myself ) have either seen , heard , felt , some sort of ... i think people jump on bandwagons just as much as people jump off . don't like something unless you are genuinely into it , don't dislike something unless you genuinely are not into it . i am ... you can still act differently while being yourself and still being an introvert . it's just a matter of understanding how an infp thinks and acts . for instance .. i am very infp , yet when i'm in ... ohhh you are definitely an idealist ... it's ok to be a little selfish and keep a little ... i'm sure you deserve some of it : ) help some of my friends and family that are in debt . then i would start some sort of company / organization either dedicated to stopping sweatshops or providing clean drinking water , and use the rest ... and if she isn't into it .. this will creep her out immensely . i had a few good friends that i really didn't have much in common with and they didn't treat me that great . i took it for a while , and then found a group that accepted me and i connected well with . i ... the last thread was pretty big and it wouldn't bump after i posted on it .. so i made a thread to continue it . the first one is here --> ... this is a wonderful thread .. unfortunately it would refresh or bump . so here is part 2 ! ! ! this does happen sometimes . is this a movie plot ? ! ? the information is very vague , so i don't know if anyone can help ... if no one knows what you are talking about . what do you mean by destruction of a community .. is ... the fact that you two are so young ... don't think about it being true love and that you will be together forever . obviously , i don't know him .. but it sounds like he is jerking you around a bit . so ... liked : arts , history , some english ( depended on teacher ) , german , and weight lifting . disliked : mathematics , spanish , band , and sciences . i can indentify with this a bit .. i wouldn't call it paranoia necessarily . i jump to conclusions ; for instance .. if i text someone and they don't respond for a long time .. i go over the sent message and ... this is a fantastic place and tool for infps and other types .. we all have the same thoughts and troubles now and then .. so it's a good thing to search . welcome . with those kinds of applications .. try to be as honest as possible but it's ok to put things that you are not ( nobody fills those things out 100 % honest ) .. otherwise , you won't stand a ... are intps our animas ? i thought it was e * * * something ? mine was pretty accurate for the most part . i doubt anyone cares to read it but here it is . it talks about strong intuition , being an idealist , and being introverted .. so that's pretty accurate .. and ... clean drinking water . every post - apocalyptic movie has proven this . i try to stay in style but also go my own way a little bit . i am a fashion major and plan on working in this field .. so i need to stay somewhat current on styles and colors . he needs to change something ( s ) if he is questioning the things that he is doing and his life .. then why continue on the same path ? maybe he needs to find a job that he enjoys , infps need to ... i have been interested in the same woman for over 5 years . she is one of my best friends and has been in a relationship during that time until recently . she had a slight history of being interested ... western . hobbes . i like it , very interesting concept . my worry is that it will get boring after a while . you can only do so little exploring and finding things until the gamer gets bored , action is needed to ... i don't necessarily listen to hip hop very often .. but this video is amazing . it was filmed and recorded in one consecutive take ... and it sounds reaaallly good ... i can relate to this aswell , but not necessarily when i'm horny .. but when i like someone . after all , we're just animals . ( humans in general .. but men more so , i suppose . haha .. i'm a dude and i'll admit it ) but i do think that if a guy is talking about sex , then that is probably a ... i'm a bit more talkative .. the last time i drank .. i guess i talked alot of shit , and made fun of a friend quite a bit .. and i don't remember doing so . she didn't act mad and said bye to me before she ... i don't think this is really a personality type behavior .. i doubt that people of the same types show the same horny characteristics . personally , i just get really fidgety .. especially if i am ... the best thing about knowing your personality type is that it consciously lets you know your faults , and then you can improve them . so since you categorized this problem as a serious issue , then ... honestly if you're in highschool and you're being bullied and you think you can punch them and make them back off ... go for it haha , def . can't do that when you are an adult ... that's what i was ... '