' i agree ! coffee shops but the ones that sell tea because i hate coffee . so really cafes , cafe / bookstore combo is my happy place . museums and places with nature are good too like hiking spots , ... honestly if it were me and i was actually interested i'd never take this long not to take any action or escalate the physical touches . for an enfp i think i'm on the more timid side but i think if i ... i suppose if one is planning a white genocide those people deserve to be heard as well , correct ? and no , a neo nazi doesn't deserve rights if they let their beliefs effect their actions . there's a ... lol . yes when someone gets a head start then things are put in place to help people catch up , that's racism . i bet bet is racist too . dang i shouldn't ever watch that ... guess i'll watch something ... is this a serious question ? people die because someone is racist . wars are fought . people go to prison . people are denied jobs . their crush won't date them . people think you're ugly . people are rude ... this is very naive to me ( how are those non-issues ) , some people can afford to just turn it off when they are experiencing inequality everyday . this is privilege . i hate nazis , i do not have to take ... lol neo nazis don't deserve shit . hahaha i'm sorry to be so basic : - 3 i don't think he'll ever eject me , though after a night of begging me not to just ' throw him away ' i don't think i could stay away not just out of guilt but ... homestuck thank you , honestly space did cross my mind but i wasn't sure if that was an ' honorable ' option or great in this situation . we already went through something similar and space didn't ... ukulele knitting , cooking , hiking , roller derby , volleyball , video games , drawing , yoga , traveling , reading , i mean i could go on ... this is why i didn't bother putting this in the intj forum , it ... maximl thank you , you're right i should put more faith in him . i just feel really sad when i can see he's so unhappy . i don't think he'd ever take his life or anything but i think he needs ... i have an intj friend who is pretty depressed , i suspect more than he lets on . from the moment we got close he'd tell me he was depressed , mentioning things like not having many friends , his parents ... i posted this in the ' sex and relationships ' thread too but i wanted to post it here too because i value other enfps advice and i know there are some wise ones here hahaha . i have a close friend ... oh yes , it does happen . i have noticed that it's often people who are or perceive themselves as intuitive and play into stereotypes of their type . often times these are the people who seem to look ... i knew the op would make me laugh . i'm sure there are fake enfps as in people who just want to be one , same with any type . i look at some intj replies or posts and think that but don't bother saying , ... tridentus it is , it's also very frustrating . well at least for me , i found many moments where i just kept thinking ' i wouldn't do that . ' it's both sad and very interesting because 95 % of what ... 13 reasons why - about a teen girl who commits suicide but has created tapes to send to those who played a hand in her mental instability that led to her killing herself . terrace house - a japanese ... rather than how they feel i think you should focus on your mentality and how you feel . yes they may be disappointed but isn't that because they believe in you ? so i'd take it with a grain of salt ... that's so true . when my intj friend is upset i can generally tell . earlier in the friendship i'll ask if he's upset , he'll say ' yes . ' but that's it then i sit there like ' you wanna talk ? ' no , ... unicornrainbowlove yes ! i read mindset earlier last year . it was pretty good . i do think that we should put effort in order to grow , yet many societies hold the opposite understanding of what the ... the purpose of the question is just pure discussion or did you mean the values that are being pushed ? also you may think it's unecessary but i always think it's necessary to critique and think ... tridentus i especially agree with the last part . i see this with my older sister , not so much acedemically she is in grad school but emotional development . what do you think helps people ... what are your thoughts on effort ? do you think it's better ( more attractive and / or ' superior ' ) to not have to put effort or that much into something but still be great ? i ask because often i ... warm - everyone literally says my smile is so warm and a lot of them add it brightens their day . or that it's beautiful . it's a super nice compliment in my book but i smile so much it makes me feel ... true , true . i often trust people much faster than i see intjs do ! not an intj ( obviously hehe ) but honestly i find intjs don't have a shell . like either they think you're worth talking to or they don't . so basically the ' cold shell ' questions to me seem more like ... i am dating an intj . firstly i think it starts with is both being intuitive , many intjs i know want to understand people and from experience it's usually easier to understand another intuitive . i ... lmao , true and i do * seem * like the type of girl who would feel bad . it was on the phone , he started out with he's been depressed lately , i asked why and said he didn't want to tell me . i said ok , ... ( - ___ - ) antipode i'm 17 and yes he's 18 . idk both my bf and friend really aren't emotional but it is true when they display them they are very strong . well what i want is easy , if i can i'd like both ... lilysocks mmmm i can understand that , he is very much like that , he has maybe 6-7 friends . however though now i have tons of friends i only have a few very close ones , this friend is one i have ... dare good observation , i do have some doubts but that stems from something else that is truly unrelated to this situation . 1 . if my friend is secretly having hopes i'll have to shut it down , ... stathamspeacoat true , it may not be type related but the way he put it made me feel like only an intj would put everything on the table and tell me if i'd like he can write each point down and ... intj's are some of the nicest people i know ! i love it when someone just tells me the truth without sugarcoating or just straight up lying . hello , i'm currently dating an intj and i am also friends with someone who i'm pretty certain is one as well . about a month ago my friend told me he has been depressed lately and after a little ... angelfish thanks i'll let her know . i think she's trying to talk to him today . hope it works out for her , i'm glad others feel she deserves it ... cause i am bias after all :-P thank you , this makes me feel better lol . hopefully she'll be less stressed once the decision has been made . hello , this is advice for a friend , she is asking me for advice and i feel like i am unable to give good advice on her situation . she has graduated university and works as a paraprofessional ... depends on how confident the enfp is . often times i seek affection when i'm feeling down as well . so if those don't factor i assume they will go for the person they are attracted to . you can teach ... i've seen the mona lisa and it's disappointing . the child . not because they are necessarily important to the world as a whole but i know what it's like to lose someone you love and i imagine the ... you know when an intj treats you like you're their personal sunshine one second and the next pretty much anything is more important that you at the moment : laughing : it's both really , i think intj's get my feelings like when i'm upset or if i'm hiding something . i don't think many understand my reasoning for things though : tongue : as for understanding intj's ... you kiss though right ? you can just build it up naturally from there , i could explain but i'm sure you know : wink : if you don't kiss , you can try initiating . there are numerous ways you can set ... it is really interesting how it means different things to people , vulnerability seems like a simple term to me but i agree after reading the responses it is pretty abstract . i literally read them ... i feel confused reading some of these responses . there are varying degrees of vulnerability and it is not a feminine trait . examples : - raising your hand to explain something in class that ... i'm still kinda new to the forum . what is this ? should i be frightened ? : shocked : people do certainly still enjoy some forms of gender roles . if you're on a date and you asked the woman out of course they usually expect you to pay . it's not a date if you're going 50/50 unless ... no one is ranting about that ? i think they are ... it was so boring and the characters are boring . what's up with the fishing ? it looks so bad . just ... ugh . but i've had a problem with the whole ... nihm thank you , that was actually very helpful ! i think i definitely would like to be ' tea ' i have probably come off as more of an ' egg , ' their conversation really bores me so naturally i end up ... hi ! i'm 17 and i work at an elementary school as a paraprofessional in a special needs classroom just as a intro to my problem . so i have a few people at the school talking behind my back . not ... '