' whoops i didn't realize you already finished the study , interesting results hi , very interesting , mine was 14 hi thanks for your insight . i decided infp because i tend to be a homebody even in childhood . i suspected infp at first but then when i learned enfps like the most alone time of the extroverts i ... i ended up deciding infp after all . i forgot an important piece of information about myself . that i am more of a homebody and even though i still go out , i prefer being home . so that clinches it for ... thanks for your opinion but this is directed to those who came to the conclusion they are infp and why they think they are . yeah , in the back of my mind i know i shouldn't care about it . and the truth is when it comes down to it i resist being labeled so it's kind of strange but i'm enjoying it for the time being . hi sure i can give more info . basically i've been studying the cognitive processes and trying to decide based off of that , i've been doing that off and on and took a break for a while . then picked ... i'll agree with what the pp said about cognitive functions but with a bit more tact . those descriptions aren't conclusive and several will be conflicting , plus it doesn't take into account each ... i'm on the fence about that as well , i think certain types that are depressed can appear to be infp and mistype themselves as one . i see what you mean . though i go through spurts of being focused on something then i get bored and move on . so while i am doing this now , i won't be around for long , just until i'm done with it . my ... hmmm that makes it more in the middle . it's a tough one . i'm refusing to settle for xnfp though . thank you for your reply . i was thinking about my sister in law who was typed as a infp and she's ... hey guys , after i posted this i went looking around some more at the other functions and i'm now leaning towards enfp . the main reason being that it said both are in tune with others which i am , but ... hi , i am working to figure out my personality type and i am looking for some insight from others . infp and enfp share the same first and second functions but flipped . how can you be certain you ... hi guys , i'm sure this has been done before but i'm looking for something more recent . i'm trying to figure out my type and looking a bit of information from others . can you share why you feel ... i'm tempted to share my results so i will , you'll understand my struggle when i post it : fi > ne > ni > fe > ti > si > te > se introverted feeling ( fi ) 11.35 ... hi thanks for your reply . to be honest i have a few in my mind that is possible , but i wanted to get some outside insight without any bias in my help narrowing down . so i won't share the results of ... hi i'm new , and need help deciding my type . those who are experts please read and see what you think based on my answers alone . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the ... booo took a different questionnaire : 1 . ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i am the most unsure about introversion versus extroversion . i am shy which makes me think of the ... yeah that is true and makes it more difficult to decide .. i see what you mean about it being challenging . you mentioned tertiary , i was thinking about leadership . i can do it and do it when no one ... thanks , i feel better about my thinking results . at first glance it looks odd . i'm pretty convinced on the nfp as well , i'm actually leaning more towards enfp now . my sister reminded me yesterday ... what does it mean when thinking is both so low ? is it supposed to line up with a certain pattern or is it common that not everyone is exactly in the typical order very interesting . i decided to take a different functions test and here were my results : extroverted intuition ( ne ) | | 12.15 introverted feeling ( fi ) ... i want to add also , that i really appreciate that you took the time to assess the answers and think about it , instead of glancing over it . thanks .. wow the inferior si guess you made is dead on . i can leave everything left undone but then one day i have a day of reckoning , when i need to organize everything . i already know this about myself so i ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes ... thanks i took it again clearing my mind , and avoiding the neutral answers : te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 5 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ... i am posting because i used to think i was infp but recently starting thinking more enfp , i wanted to go back to this test that has always tested unclear for me , to try and analyze the results . any ... te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 0 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 10 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... warm autumn , this is really interesting . thanks for sharing . edited : i was looking more into it , and i'm actually a deep autumn which makes perfect sense because i can dye my hair black and it ... i was born in the 80s (8 4 ) but i don't like 80s music at all , or early 90s . i just can't get into the pop or the rock . it was like two extremes . maybe there was some middle of the road styles during ... hi , that's really odd and i've never heard of that or have seen evidence of that in my personal search through the bible . the plural terms most likely refer to the trinity , holy spirit , jesus , and ... ah i misunderstood then . i can tell that you aren't trying to pervert the bible you just like to think about thought provoking topics . as a popular christian speaker i listen to on occasion says often , becoming a christian ... i haven't followed this all the way through so i am missing the second debate going on , but i wanted to mention something that is more towards the original post . what do you think about peter ... what i've heard is the early christians linked their celebrations with popular pagan holidays so that way if they were in an area that persecuted christians no one would think it was odd for them to ... i'm a christian so i celebrate it with that viewpoint . i do try to take the commercializing out of it just for my own family . the kids have fun doing a happy birthday cake for jesus . it's fun . ... i was born in 84 . i am the youngest of 4 kids ( the oldest two are gen-x ) , so i guess i relate to more of the previous generation . i loved atari and i had a tv with the turn knob that you had to get ... what you're feeling is normal . i do the same thing too . when i am not totally secure in a friendship or relationship with someone i will wonder why they are acting different or was it something i ... i wouldn't be able to type everyone . but i attract extroverts hands down . only one of my friends was an introvert . i have the ability to become really close and loyal to someone , and my best ... i've never really put much thought into my clothes on a day-to-day basis so usually i just wear whatever . as far as my fashion sense goes , i'm out of place in the chicago area where i live . right now ... as an adult : bones masterchef friends football ( does this count ? ) various cooking competition shows ( foodnetwork star , cupcake wars , chopped ) as a teen : dawson's creek king of the hill i do think too much so someone saying that is just pointing out the obvious . i think way too much and i wish i could just shut off my mind , but even when i sleep i have very vivid dreams , so my ... i'm a last born , pretty much everything is typical of a last born . i think being last born has given me more of a fun loving bent , and i like to entertain others mainly those i am close with . i ... i am from upstate ny and i don't really have much of a regional accent . any accent i have is more due to my being hard of hearing so while my speech is really good in spite of it , there are some ... it's obvious you don't understand the concept behind calling someone judgmental . just because you think i somehow called you that in a hidden meaning without actually calling you that , doesn't mean ... i didn't say you judged anyone , i said you put down other's ideals . which you did when you said you are far superior to those modern women . me saying you judged anyone was your own perception , and ... i agree , if it is what i think it means . i am thinking more about this and i'm wondering clarity on what we are talking about exactly . because i am seeing there are two ways we can see this . either ... i did read the post i quoted , however , i didn't read any of your previous posts . i actually agreed with some of what you said . i agree that 50-50 relationships is only an ideal that is rarely met , i ... so it was straightforward and honest , but not arrogant ? so if i hypothetically post a thread ' what does being a thin woman mean to you ? . then go on to describe that i am far superior to other women ... '