' great empires crumble in to the sea , and are forgotten ... if the emperors , noble kings , great leaders and wise rulers fall from their grace . anchorman 2 the final showdown , with an impressive number of actor cameos ... the classical piano tune on this video makes it even more dramatically elevating . ... classic ...    great empires crumble in to the sea , and are forgotten ... if the kings inevitably fall from grace .  shinedown - threat to survival 2015 album , listen and enjoy first . overall impressions and reviews of this album ... perhaps a tad later . rating : * * * frustrated ... some people should understand that a monkey should not shit where crocodile sleeps . all this silly talk about a non existent wizard in the sky , and eagerness to meet him sounds absurd ...  * lights a smoking pipe , with his zippo lighter ... puffs out thick smoke * i ponder , gimme danger little stranger ... iggy pop and the stooges reference 351690 ladies and gentlemen ... i give you jack deth .   when you are frustrated by the idiocy of people ... partially quoting william shakespeare ah , brave new world , that has such putzes in it  287778 lp record a small sample from tony scott - music for zen meditation ... 280482  attracted to someone yes , in love ... no . quoting plato , love is a serious mental disease ... it makes your mentality unbalanced and you loose control . the loss of pondering properly and acting ... would you be so kind to enlighten me ... in exactly which realty would i work for someone else . except me naturally , the only boss of me is actually me . what exactly are these emotions that you currently speak of ? the relatives are coming for a visit , quick make an excuse ... before it is too late .  48 hours without sleep , i name the result meet the psycho : frustrating : 277209 that one was taken , by my ex beloved . 277217 yet for some reason people take photos of me without my ... use his hobbies and interests to give him that mental spark that he craves for , a word of advice you still should exercise caution ... male intj representatives tend to be rather intimidating and ... i have one russian criminal gang tattoo from my early days of wild youth , sadly such ink works are considered a taboo among certain society members . i consider altering the design to conceal the ... i have one russian criminal gang tattoo from my early days of wild youth , sadly such ink works are considered a taboo among certain society members . i consider altering the design to conceal the ... what is it exactly with all this touching , stop touching me ... i loathe physical contact . i mainly prefer to do all the examination of specimen and subjects myself . * hides in a dark corner studying ... death ... plain and simple , yet i am fascinated by it . at night lying awake , i ponder of life eternal simply craving for it like a man craves a gulp of water in the middle of the vast desert ... there ... to me marriage is an overrated option ... most married couples these days prefer so called open sex relationship with cheating options , and partner swapping . simply in order to make their lives more ... when you are nice to people , they forget the monster you truly are . t-rex - greatest hits lp record  this track is actually not included on the lp record .      point taken sir / miss * lights a cigar , pours himself a glass brandy ... scratches his beard calms his long hair . * sadly you do realize sir / miss that denying yourself simply ruins you from the inside . i cant help it ladies and gentlemen ... it is my nature , i beg your pardon if i had offended someone * bows * . i beg thee do not turn me in to a pink cuddle care bear ... : rolleyes : does the spider ... '