' arm hair . and chest hair . not rug hair mind you , just a bit that i can nuzzle into . mmm ... yupp . that's nice . :D yeah ! let's go xezene . : laughing : rogue eagle , i bet i could make you come to me in no time . : tongue : ( double entendre ftw ! ! ! : crazy :) the feeling you get when you're completely happy , even if it's just a moment . the world seems so sharp and clear , and the sun shines a little brighter . your soul seems so light , that it feels like ... okay , you wanna know my secret ? here goes ... people love to talk about themselves ! ! ! so if you want to have a conversation , ask them about themselves ! if a convo ever starts going a little stale or ... the feeling of wind in my hair as i'm driving mountains the ocean nature in general wearing rain boots and dancing in puddles and the rain with my polka-dotted umbrella . : tongue : animals ... sun tzu's the art of war . it's super good . : laughing : guys , i realized something today . ... i'm actually a really sharp dresser ! someone made a comment , and all my friends were nodding their heads ( guys too ! ) and i was flabbergasted . i then thought ... you're so cute ! if i were into girls , i totally would . : tongue : sure ! :p roud : hmmm . i don't think you can say that only nt's can write about the deep things . speaking as an nf , i would be highly upset to find that i could only write about fashion and other nonsense . i would ... yeah i agree with pink . depends on what i'm inspiring you to do . i could give you a fiery , passionate speech about some of my heroes who made a difference , and how our world needs more people to ... dude . i had the exact same reaction . must mean i'm batgirl . : laughing : we should probably be friends . let's see ... here's one i did for rogue eagle cuz i was bored . : crazy : ... ummm ... what ? his avatar is definitely a real animal . they're from africa . : bored : i'll pass . sorry . i'm straight . : crazy : i'm happy . : laughing : ahahahah my handwriting is sooo bad . funny story : when i was little , my handwriting was so unintelligible , that i would usually get the comment that you're probably going to be a doctor when ... bahahaha you're funny ! i like you . : laughing : sure thing . sure , why not ? ! i like the idea of a nice alpha male . : laughing : :d ry : umm ... false . you telling me to cook you some eggs was your own cockblock . also , no you weren't ! i said nicer people . not the same person being creepily nice . : tongue : woah . hold on ... you little brat . i do not need a pity hookup . * sniff * mean boys . i need a nicer person to be my friend around here . : sad : fail . > > i know how a super nova occurs , thank you . i'm the resident nature-nerd , and have taken several astronomy classes , but i had to say something smooth-esque . geeze . :d ry : and no . go cook ... your planets and mine should collide so we could experience a super nova . : wink : : tongue : my turn my turn ! ! ! whadda ya think ? :p roud : ( i was really bored in lecture ... paint and i are like best friends . : laughing :) whatevah ! ! ! maybe i just need a hookup really bad . son , you don't know me ! : angry : though i'll still take a hug from someone . :p roud : : unsure : i dunno ... never tried . : mellow : ... what ? ! so i talk big .  ... i'm delicate ! be nice to me . : sad : * adoring fangirls foaming at the mouth just for you ! * yay ! : crazy : ... i could probably help you with that little problem ... : wink :: tongue : bahahahahahah so bad . : crazy : ooo magic tricks ! yes please . : 3 ( haha makes me think of this quote : illusions ! ee-loo-juns , not tricks . tricks are something whores do for money . : crazy :) excellent music my friend . this is my contribution . nice big reading chairs for me to curl up in with a bunch of books ... ... : unsure : are only infp's allowed in here ? : sad : * looks around for a bouncer to escape from * dude thrifty , you're a scary scary man . : shocked : no thanks , i choose life . : crazy : : unsure : ... that's just serial killer creepy . i prefer not being raped and then killed a la american psycho , thank you very much . edit : ninja'd ! above : maybe . don't really know you ... mmm dominant type . i bet i could give you a run for your money . : tongue : sure , why not ! ! : laughing : ooo anyone who hurts my friends or upsets them in anyway . i'm like an attack dog . it's really bad . : frustrating : otherwise , people who are close-minded , who pick on others unable to defend ... awww . how sad . : sad : that must be a terrible burden to bear . that's okay though , i'd be more than happy to jiu jitsu you right out of that little feeling sorry for myself state . i know quite a ... girl , i will fight you . ( insert the line giiirrlll , i cut her . oh yes i did . ... if you don't know that , look up bon qui-qui . ) seriously though . : angry : you can't hog them ! that's just rude . ... ooo . a rubix cube solver . yes , and you can teach me how to do those stupid things . :d ry : guys , i know i'm not an infp , but i just wanted to say that all of you guys are so awesome . seriously . i'm such a lurker , but i love this thread ! sometimes it's sad thoughts , sometimes it's happy , ... ummm fact . infp's are hot ... mmhmm . all the fun things we can do with you ... it's like , on the outside , infp's are all calm and deep , but underneath you're this raging torrent of wildness ! ... i'm an enfp and i wish i had a superpower ... maybe flying . : laughing : rogue eagle , if we ever got in the same general area as each other , i would jump your bones ! seriously . there'd be some slamming into walls , crazy make out sessions , etc . it'd be nuts : laughing : i would grab you by the hand and drag you around to go clubbing with me ! dance party ! ! ! : crazy : i really like feeling appreciated and useful . touching is nice , but if i can't get that , i love doing things for others ; cooking , tutoring , etc . makes me feel good about myself . : laughing : it's ... go all jiu jitsu on yo ass and save poor nostalgic ! an epic duel then occurs , with much blood and violence , it'll be crazy ! : crazy : bloody knuckles , black eyes , broken noses ... aww yeah . fight club ... ummm i don't know about having game in a dating sense , but i definitely know how to work people . it's really bad actually . i use it in job interviews ... i can get pretty much any job i want as ... hahah that was me the other day ! today i'm a little slow . i'm super tired , and the sky is kinda gray so it's a bit sluggish for me today . i do love those days though where everything is so ... i'm straight , but i would go and party with you ! you seem so cool . : laughing : okay , just really fast , sorry to crash your infp party , but since this thread has started , all i have thought about is this : xkcd : hyphen that's all i wanted to say . it was bothering me ... okay , my opinion is we all need to calm down . ... everyone does realize that these are fictional characters , right ? really , not worth the effort and energy of having a spaz attack . i promise . ... '