' what ? high school was great . i was either stoned stupid or asleep , woke up just long enough to bullshit the tests / exams . the rest of it was clearly just busywork . you don't need to do the homework or ... i think your intp typing is correct . i thought i was infp at one point as well , but feeling weird and desiring to fit in is definitely inferior fe . that need for validation and acceptance is the ... i usually wear old band shirts ( like pink floyd , metallica , def leppard ) and jeans . i've been under alot of stress lately financially and otherwise , and i've also been renting a room in a household with strong unhealthy fe users ( which is nothing short of exhausting to deal with ) ... welcome , man . and good look with your mental journey . hope you find what you're looking for . agreed . and we're gonna bring them back too . i will keep one as a companion and to ride in lieu of a car . it'll take a while to get anywhere , but i'll look damn awesome when i finally show up . ... welcome to the forum , man . sounds like your boyfriend is having problems controlling his p-ness lol . anyway , yup that's perceiving . i score consistently as 100 % perceiver and i identify with all of the above traits ... yeah , he was so damn socialist that he decided to ban trade unions and communism , and arrested their leaders . : rolleyes : trade unions and nazi germany - history learning site the reichstag fire ... checks out . welcome , man . :p erc 3 : southern virginia , usa . so definitely not something common in my area , it's just something i do . welcome , man . i am a 4w5 entp which is also an uncommon pairing . but enneagram is a little different from mbti . mbti is about the way you process the world , enneagram is desires / fears . so in theory ... don't worry , i call everyone man . i even call my girlfriend man lol . just how i talk , not meant to be literal . sup man is it common for infps to get so lost in the past they can't fully enjoy the present or get excited about the possibilities to be found in the future ? lately my infp ( type 9 enneagram if it helps ) ... bojack : unhealthy entp todd : enfp princess carolyn : enxj diane : infp mr . peanutbutter : esfp speaking personally , if you don't know much about me i don't respect you . i don't share personal information like that indiscriminately . if i care , i will do little thoughtful things for you . if ... you will definitely want an entj business partner . you will drive each other absolutely batshit crazy , but you will get places . i have moderate social anxiety . usually easier when it's a type i can relate to better and not feel the usual social pressures , nps are best . it is the deep belief that nothing means anything intrinsically . obviously , there is meaning . we all have reasons we want to live . if we didn't , we would not go out of our way to stay alive . but ... well , i agree that your actions are decided by what you believe . but i think you misunderstand what it is that i believe . it's not that i believe there's no point to anything , there's always a point ... ni · hil · ism ˈnīəˌlizəm , ˈnēəˌlizəm / submit noun the belief that life has no intrinsic meaning or value nothing there about how you should live your life . nihilism is a philosophical statement ... are you talking about jealous in a general sense , or just in relationships ? curious how other entps view sex in a romantic relationship . do you view it as a central / main part of the relationship , a necessary but supplemental part to create intimacy / closeness / etc , or is it ... i strongly disagree . just because i don't take my life seriously in a cosmic sense , doesn't mean i'm not preoccupied with self-preservation and survival . that's instinct . and because i don't think ... 1997 , definitely pure 00 ' s kid . double standard . and this is not exclusive to the gop , mind you . it's pretty common in politics for one side to blindly defend their side no matter what , then turn around and blindly attack the ... i actually did mistype as 7 for a while , for that reason precisely . well , it's not like the first time somebody annoys me or does something i dislike i just bail . if i did that , i wouldn't have anybody in my life . i am capable of having an intelligent adult ... sup when you want to do a billion things , but lack the follow-through to do any of it . well i think the biggest difference is that being a strong thinker and a 4 creates alot of overthinking about myself . my ti analyzes everything , and 4 is really introspective . so i get social anxiety ... i feel that . i might not approach those situations the same way as you , but i'm very private about my space and my romantic relationships as well . as well as personal freedom , it's very important to ... how so ? just because i wasn't formerly religious , i'm not a true nihilist ? does it ? i can't remember being anything but nihilist . i might not have known what it was called , or knew it was a whole philosophy . but i've never taken life or even my own existence all that ... i was the charming trouble maker in high school . but i've gotten significantly more anti-social and introverted since then . what would be an example situation that would make you angry and aggressive , out of curiosity ? i don't avoid the anger . nor do i avoid admitting to it . i just don't channel it toward people , ... not necessarily . it's all in how you take that conclusion . i find it freeing . we live in an infinite world of many different possibilities but at the same point , nothing really matters . so i just ... 701930 7019 38 701946 7019 54 close enough . i'm curious about how your 8 influences your 4 though . 9 seems a more natural fit for reserved , anxious 4s . as opposed to the assertiveness of 8 jess : enfp nick : infj schmidt : esfj winston : i could see isfp for him , but i'm not sure . cece : estp coach : esfp maybe it doesn't matter if the glass is half full or not . what if it's not something you want to drink ? what if it's half full ( or empty ) of piss ? i have blue eyes , i'd like to have violet eyes . definitely intj . when you love being told what to do .. when you think tradition is more important than progress .. when feelings matter more than what is correct .. when you believe rules were made to be followed ... trick question , there is no meaning to life . i'm basically just here to fuck off and have fun , and i guess accomplish the minimal work required to maintain that lifestyle . 701618 my friends and i created our own world with our toys . with it's own system of government ( which was usually violently authoritarian with brief periods of free democracy after intense revolutions ) , a ... : rolleyes : '