trying to figure out a long-term career goal has turned into a long-term goal in itself . seemingly constant change in interests . it's like a curse . i'd love to do this with someone as well :D oh , hell yes , my thread still lives ! i haven't tread here in a while , but i've got to say that i'm absolutely crazy for the realistic character development that i've been seeing this year and ... it's weird but i have a much easier time feeling distraught over a fictional person's woes than i do for some in real life . i've learned that this isn't uncommon , though , amongst people like ... eugh , yeah , a lot of it comes down to wondering if there's just something wrong with me . not uncommon in these parts lol but thanks , guys . it's a relief to know i'm not alone in this feeling , ... i've noticed that , when a problem arises , one of my infj friends tends to try and distract me from the issue rather than face it / talk about it . where i'm kind of the other way around . i'm not very ... when it's not maddening , it's pretty rad . i was wondering if anyone can relate to or figure this out ? so , it's very difficult for me to genuinely feel for someone if i don't have something of a reference point for how they're feeling , a ... i almost want to perfect my impressions and make a video : x ah , thank you , refugee ! i figured judging what ' looks good ' in the physical world might be one of those common infp things , but i'd never really seen anyone mention this in particular . it almost ... this is my issue as of late . i've become more aware / paranoid that my mind is far out of reality and that it's obvious to others . i know that i see things differently than those in my life and i'm ... i'm the exact same way , se7en . i'm a personal project addict . if i don't have anything to work on or inspire me , i go insane . jack russell terrierthe artist you , my friend , are an artiste ! fuelled by a hounding sense of creativityand an untameable desire to express yourself , you see the world through rose-colored glasses ... ahaha , i've always wanted to be the prince / hero myself . and as infp's we have a tendency to find ways that we can relate and empathize with almost anyone , which can lead us to typing others as infp's based on this . but , this time , i'm going to have to ... me , my esfj mom , and my e___ little sister . one of those moments when the introvert is the most animated : tongue : i actually enjoy going occasionally , as long as we're not there all night . i enjoy meeting new people , observing them , listening to the music , and being in a different atmosphere in general . my enfj friend's girlfriend is an infp and our similar interests in media are almost uncanny xd enfj - 1 esfj - 1 entp - 1 enfp - 2 isfj - 1 ( possibly two ) infj - 2 intp - 1 intj - 1 istj - 1 ( possible isfj , but male ) yes , absolutely . awkwardness and boredom just kills me , so if i think others are suffering it in my company , i feel terrible . i always worry that i'm boring my more talkative friends when i hang ... oh yeah , definitely . especially by my j-typed friends ( although less so by the introverts ) . although i think they're also just very inclined to take care of others . i'm very bad with the ' real ... ascendant : scorpio sun : gemini moon : gemini mercury : taurus venus : aries mars : pisces most of my chart is water / earth-based , i think . anyway , the above bits of my chart actually describe me ... discovered via-tumblr . my enfj and esfj house mates and i have been cracking up over it for days . my father did not strut . ( sorry , i had to . ) and ' meandering ' = new favorite word now . anyway , when i know i'm in the presence of others i become almost overly-aware of my body , which in ... this has been a concern of mine lately as well . i think it comes down to wanting to be understood and wanting to understand yourself . so when you feel like you've learned something new , it has to ... i think each of my friends have a certain area where we can relate really well , but as a whole , not as much . maybe my infj friend who'd mistyped herself as an infp for a long time . yes , this . it's like , at some point trying to be overly-tactful just becomes too hindering when something really needs to be resolved , and when i can see how easily the resolution could be reached ... i'm not very ' huggy ' or ' cuddly ' myself , either . i'm very awkward physically and for the longest time i met people with a handshake , which i guess might seem odd coming from a girl , i guess . i will ... i got a tie between hufflepuff and slytherin . ultimately i chose hufflepuff , but it does make me wonder . i actually do have some real life friends on here , but i don't think they've been on in ages . i'll admit i contain myself in places like these more when i know someone i know is active , mostly ... whenever a friend makes a harsh criticism toward a bad guy in a book / movie / etc . you can think up plenty of reasons to feel bad for / pity said bad guy . every time my friend criticizes draco malfoy ... 4w5 infp gemini ( moon and sun ) metal horse i've got a lot of mercurial action going on over here . i insisted on wearing boots in the summer when i was a kid , much to my mother's dismay . years later , it becomes a trend . fuck . yeah . eheh , thanks , dawg :'D maybe it's just the people i associate myself with , but i've had a pretty good run of good luck . obligatory return-from-forum-hiatus pic don't call me gaga / snap or this . me and my friends are talking about starting a podcast . i'm 21 and i already feel like i could write one of these . i actually met my infp friend on a dating site . there was some drama involved on her end , but we're still good friends . my enfj friend just started dating a polyamorous infp girl she met on okcupid ... which one ? xd oh yeah , i've totally had people tell me that before , but i'm more aware that i come off as aloof nowadays . i prefer to keep that going , only because it's how i naturally am , and i'm comfortable with ... discovered that i love the howard stern show . my kid self would never believe this . i have an intp friend that i'm not particularly close to or see a lot , but we do share some of the same issues ( anxiety disorder ) and have a mutual understanding when it comes to our introverted ... oh god , i miss my dog so much . my little sister ( 13 ) was so butthurt when i moved out xd ; my mom's an esfj , my step-dad a i / estj maybe ? ) , and my sister an e_f _ . i've only ever really faced hostility for that reason in elementary school when this jerk chewed me out on the playground , saying that i think i'm so much better than anyone else and all that ... it's me and my entp best friend :] we're kind of trying to be in character , but that's pretty much how we are anyway lol you can totally tell who's the entp and infp there . so , i've finally made the biggest transition of my life since ... i don't even know , and finally moved out of my parents ' house . which is really something for me , being a ... any guesses on cas ' enneatype ?