' [ quote = agokcen ; 534073 ] so am i , but does that really answer the question ? she said coldly , with a chilling stare / quote ] lol . there are ruthless , no feeling entp women that will do anything ... yeah . + gold . entps are the last type to ever get depressed . retract that statement . things people hate about entps : huge confidence heavily social always trying to be different lol . i have an estj mother who did well when i was young and she took care of me . i was never used to getting a ton of things , because she was never in the habit of buying anything that ... nooot me . i like superficial crazy . cute crazy . make me laugh crazy . genuine crazy is a no no . i swear when ne starts to pick up everything else i do is on auto pilot and i don't remember doing it , but it got done . like my brain switches to cruise control . it's surreal because then i can't ... this . it's a domino effect . you get one great idea , revelation , connection , or eureka , and then in the middle of that one , you get another , and then you're excited as hell because they work ... lol . kumar doesn't give a shit about people , he can't be an enfp . you remember when he buys weed from the guy at the college , and then finds out there's a party with hot girls ? the weed guy is ... hahahaha . : laughing : a-cha-cha-cha indeed haha . zing ! pow . zoom . exit stage left . i don't see lord .. or duke , or duchess for any of these options . * squints * overlord .. no .. tyrant ... destroyer of worlds .. ehh .. this needs to be reworked i think . you can handle an estp by using subtle humor to diffuse the situation . walk by , pointing to a random surface area , and say to him ' hey , are those fresh nuts ? ; and when he looks , punch him ... every time i see you post ' i don't feel ' a chill goes down my spine : crazy : will you hug your kids when they're sad or scared ? : cool : lol . when sellihca has to call someone else edgy , you know it's serious . op : i really do not like when people cannot apologize for shit who i care about . the rest of the world i have no problem ... i think alcholol and games are a problem for all males with access to computers and or a local bar . occupational hazard . more on topic though , who wants to think about a shitty situation the ... the cheshire cat for male and female entps a must read the game - by neil strauss i have to walk when i think . by walk i mean pace back and forth like dr . evil or something , sitting still and thinking gets my thoughts muddled . i'll walk around the house indoors thinking something ... this ain't a team up , per-se . intellectual clarity rather . leadership doesn't begin and end in the senate or congress . every movie or tv show you've watched in the past month , ask yourself how ... there's a distinction to be made here - most entps who say these sorts of things are dealing with unhealthy or immature people , who happen to be the type ( xstj or whatever it is ) , and make the ... there are more posts from non estjs in these boards ( people trying to understand them ) , then estjs . interesting . to be honest though i've heard so many people get called ' old souls ' at this point , and solemnly by the nominees , that it's lost all meaning when i hear it about myself or someone else . if we're ... the bugs bunny , yes - as in the i'm-going-to-wait-right-here-calmly-while-the-anvil-is-dropping-on-you . people are either annoyed that i always ' act like i have it all together ' , or happy that i'm ... yeah this is the classic stanley milgram experiment , or some name like that i learned in psych courses in college . the entire setup is ' conforming to authority ' , i have a hard time believing that ... yeah . if i smell mind games you're getting put in the box with the rest of the useless human toys i fuck with when i'm bored . right next to the stupid people , flakes who pretend to be nice , ... i was like , wow , munchies isn't trolling .. he's actually being supportive , and trying to explain a - - - nope , wait a minute , wrong again ... consistency , i can respect that . enfps are the only ones who also ceaselessly crave adventure , excitement , and are the muthaf * * * masters of chaos . that is , they rock . that is all . i would go as far as to say we're the most socially adaptive nts , such that we grasp the cues and appear ' charming ' more often then not as a result . i think it's present in any nts on an individual ... awww . would it help if we told you he was an asshole and we'll cockpunch him if we see him ? you now have hitmen everywhere . welcome , thanks for visiting ! refreshments are to your right , telling me what to do really pisses me off . like being told directly . and then someone waiting for it to be done . this is how the work meetings go :d ry : youtube - fuck you ! b-but .. you're out then ? i thought we discussed this earlier - . - * turns off porno music * jaykay . we can just throw her in the truck like the prior heretics . where's your guy , with the ... ... get her ! ! ! * advancing footsteps * who's got the rope this time ? i brought tazers . i see ... and are all craft models outfitted with artillery - that is to say are the flamethrower and grenade launcher standard issue ? or was that just my intj fem bud : frustrating : i'm cheatin ' cheaters with cheetahs . concept xrevolutionary . besides , avoiding evasion ... hey , hey - no raising the relatively nerdy status of the subjects you lead to increase the value of your questionable dominance . that's just cheating , sir . not answering entropy's questions . that'll piss her off . you'll get ultimatum'd , then there's airstrikes , reinforcements , all kinds of shit . watch out thea now : crying : haha . so it's like :: : engaging filter :: : ... [ beep boop beep beep ] ... ... * vvwummm * ... initializing smile ... :: : loading please wait :: : except like , really really fast ? hmmm . yeah .. your entp nephew .. and your nerd friend playing world of warcraft . where do you lead them ? mcdonalds ? : laughing : see now you're just gold farming . this is just entp bait . that's what this is right here . hellooo quarter million posts . put me in salem 1400 ad , and call me a warlock while i burn , i'll spit in their eyes and keep score until the ashes now that is clever . see the intj girl i was talking to , who i'm friends with ( i think , that's what she tells me anyway ) , has a likeness to an android in many ways . she's communicative , logical , says only what's ... now i know you're mistaken . you don't lead an entp anywhere . you just point out where the advantage is . those conformists that follow you , you've mistyped them . thanks for visiting though . ... you're confused , annoyed , but can't seem to leave , and find yourself uncontrollably laughing and relaxed :p roud : get out of my head ... get out of my head ! ! ! i don't care what you think . unless we're friends . : wink : i've experienced this , from an intj female , now i know people in a type can be way different , like the entps are individually , but sometimes talking to her initially was like opening a freezer on a ... that sounds like an ultimatum . i'm cheating on your thread , if you think about it . i've cheated on math tests . well to be honest , all math tests . if we're telling the truth :D in monopoly , scrabble , candyland ... connect four ... but not texas hold em . that shit's sacred . hahahahaha : crazy : waffles with coffee ice cream . weren't you listening ? ? ? : wink : '