my cover is blown , damn you mrs.cafebot ! it's payback for the time we * * * in your * * * ? ! 95758 wellsy , i noticed that :) . what glory though ? intjs also do not like to be defined as stereotypes . if i put a question mark at the end of a sentence , does that make it a question . does it . ? i don't know why , but that hurts :( . i mean , there are billions of people on earth that do not recognize me , but telling it to my face , well ... i need to get a tub of ice cream . kill everyone i hate . i am actually a fairly peaceful person , but , it has to be done . hey guys . i am back for another stay . any of the old faces around ? i had a blast with quite a few fun individuals a while back . any still around ? if extraverts piss you off , then you need to study mbti better . when a person wants to socialize , they do . my example : i never cared much for company , but eventually i wanted a girlfriend . then i became more social . if it does not serve a purpose , do not do it . best advice you can get : bare with it , but work to move into your own place . it is a blog which i write when i get the chance . so far we only covered some basics ! it gets a lot more interesting . you can develop many aspects of intuition . you and i for example should be ... peter , thank you for your critisism . i have removed all the adds i could from the general flow of the text , some adds i can not control though . and you should probably lay of caffeine once in a ... dan e thank you for your comment ! i updated the blog quite a bit , call it part 2 . enjoy ! thank you for such a positive reaction ! i am working hard to get this expanded . i will be adding a ton of content during the next few days . for those interested i am publishing an extensive article on intuition . since we are quite active and intuitive , these might be a good , but not an easy read . enjoy . you are a robot . * turns the sprinklers on izzie * well is it . i meani can see the reasoning behind yes and no . discuss . have you checked if he looks like this ? they are quite known to most people as predators extrordinare . notice its non ... is it that guy timeless ? cause i think he likes ya . :) i talked to a woman with this . she had to wear a mouthpiece ( similar to one we use in boxing ) and had to undergo surgery . don't know how serious yours is . he will make a wonderfull bride . not true . all my threads are awesome . and locked . this thread has a lot of singing and even more whatever . well , you could also combat fire with fire ... as in , replacing your soda addiction , to .. say heroin or ... chocolate ... or chocolate flavored heroin too young . how well do you cook tho ? we can like , do bbq or something so basically you grew up a lot in the last few years ? grats is there anything else i should know besides you being a robot ? i mean , you really fooled me . as long as you don't make me watch formula , sure . great you can list words maybe , your interests intrigue me ... walking ... do you also like to eat and sleep ? i can totaly relate ... no : male possibly a serial killer best way to deal with it is to hire mrscientist as your personal motivational speaker : fine . you can bring your pillows , i'll bring my boxing gloves . winner buys dinner this . is . not . funny . at . all . tell him . worked for me in the past . you have nothing to lose . well i'd suggest starting some activity to get into contact with people . we are all different , me being an extereme introvert aswell , you need to realise that that is not a bad thing at all , you are ... this . so i can run your stuff over , while looking totaly bitchin . yes i said bitchin . youtube - austin powers - preparation h to expand , people don't realise you are being supportive cause they take it for granted . if you make them aware of it , they may see their mistakes . i have been in similar situations , you can not ... this . totally this ! aww thats the nicest thing anyone ever said to me today . ditto ! you also spelled wrong wrong . and sure , you look preety . don't eat yellow snow ? well also dont eat snow of any color other than white . did you endure a blunt trauma to the head this halloween ? its a unicorn . don't insult it . your answer scares me . otherwise ye . i want updates on this , its quite interesting . looking cute , depends on age .