' i relate to a lot of it but not that's totally me relate to it . in particular , i don't feel like my life is out of my control . i'm a so / sx . i've come to the annoying realization that i have a ( mostly subconscious ) strong grass is always greener thing often going on . i go into dating with good intentions and i'm honest . typically , i ... i just watched the last episode . elijah and katherine ? really ? gack . tvd is my guilty pleasure and i'm , erm ... old lol . i also love the klaus / caroline dynamic but my favourite character is elijah because he's hot . it's pretty much that simple ;) at work - not usually . laid back does not tend to get stuff done in my work world . off the clock - most of the time erm ... no . that would turn me off big time . insight into the romantic perceptions of enfps might prove useful such a scientist lol . i'm only speaking for myself but i'm attracted to smart guys who are a bit standoffish initially ... makes ... this article is from the us . warning : it's negative albeit food for thought . tucker max : why you should not go to law school i have a friend of a friend who is also an enfp . she and i do this weird dance around each other . i kind of get her but there's stuff about her that doesn't quite line up with me . i have had the same ... whoa , is this guy a wizard ? lmao . hopefully other enfp women don't look at me and think whoa , is this chick a witch ? lol 62029 i've read a lot about how enneagram tri-type plays a significant role but not much about how % factors into the mbti test ( of course , maybe i've just missed that thread ) disclaimer ... i do not claim ... when i get home from work , i immediately put on pajama bottoms and a t-shirt . i can't wait to get out of nylons , in particular . teddy 564339 - i've read and appreciated so many of your posts . you're quite thoughtful and helpful . thanks ! my celebrity crush is and has been for years ... john cusack . my gen x is showing lol i feel the same way ! working alone also allows me concentrate on what i'm doing more easily and avoid distractions , which can be an issue since i have add . i'm an enfp . my job keeps me super busy . there's a ton of work and tight deadlines . as a result , i tend to be more bullet point oriented than i'd like to be with people . i think i can come off as ... a guy i dated tested nearly the same on s and n . estp and entp ... frankly , both personality descriptions fit in many ways for him and he seemed to be a healthy dose of both . he was even an engineer , ... found a link to this chart on another thread : . it lists the correlation between mbti types and enneagram type . according ... that made me lol ... and sounds so much like an entp friend of mine :) type 1 all in twilight 1w9 sx / so tri-type 147 enfpleasantly 1w2 7w6 4w5 sx / sp type 2 i'm an enfp and my bf is an isfj . in my experience , the advice from teddy 564339 has been bang on . my bf is really receptive when i talk about issues in our relationship in terms of how they make me ... the short answer is that , yes , enfps can do well in law school and they can be successful lawyers . however , it requires a lot of studying , at least until you find outlines / short cuts that work for ... my attachment to law is largely based on ... a greater understanding of the justice system and peoples rights . i think it would open up more doors for me career wise , even if i decide against becoming ... the ordinary character of entp's is ... might steal your car , sex , sex , sex , and leg humping , and way smarter than they would let on ... i just spit out my wine lol . i've really enjoyed your posts ! ! very very insightful ! i'm an enfp but my p and j scores were pretty close . i've been guilty of this too for similar reasons . i find it annoying at times . what i want in my mind and what i want in reality don't always seem ... great thanks for your help treebob and king ! i've been wondering how to post a pic . i will post one soon :) ha ! i don't even know how to do that . i'm a bit of a luddite . :) thanks ! btw - there is another thread on this issue that comes up at the bottom of the page . treebob is mentioned in that thread and i was contacting him in relation to a similar issue . freaking ... i need to make one more post in order to be able to send a pm to treebob to ask a question . i'm following this post , so please don't feel used . thanks ! sun - gemini moon - scorpio mercury - cancer venus - cancer mars - pisces ( not such a good combo lol ) ascendent - leo sure ! an msw is pretty versatile and won't cost you a fortune in student loans . some cps ' will pay for your second year in the msw program or part of it if you agree to work for them for a couple of years ... dit-to ! i'm an enfp but my experience with add and my feelings regarding judgment from those who don't have add is very similar . thanks :) i'm an attorney . i work for a cause that i believe in , but it still comes with politics , caps on my autonomy and , at times , following instructions that i don't support , which all drains me . i think ... erm ... my add must have kicked in lol . all i saw was the poll and i clicked diagnosed adhd-inattentive . however , i'm an enfp so please discount that vote for your poll . sorry ! weird lol . it was anti-clockwise . i stared at the leg and i could make it go whichever way i wanted with some focus . @ minesweeper - thanks for the enneagram variant test ! i've been wondering about this for a long time . i read descriptions but couldn't decide if i'm a so / sx or a sx / so . the test result indicates ... thanks ! viva : 4w3 7w6 9w8 so / sx ace face : 3w2 , 7w8 , 1w2 sx / so cue 5c : 6w5 , 3w4 , 9w1 so / sx the king of dreams : 9w1 7w6 2w1 so / sx alysaria : 7w6 , 2w3 , 9w8 sx / so musicbird : 7w6 , 9w8 , 4w3 eerie : 7w8 - 1w2 - 4w3 ... '