' you've gotta be starving , you've gotta be starving for it lady lamb the beekeeper  engine you taught me how to be alone because there's no better company than oneself you taught me ' bout point of view and then i learned how to think for myself you taught me about ... transcendere woke up eaten alive by monsters of numbers , materialized dreams were dark and cruel trying to trap me in a world i don't belong they said come inside but they'll eat me ... transcendere by that virginia that virginia she's really cool . i dig her lyrics . take the blame : eat some fries and a shake woo ! awkward people gonna awk . be confident ! share your stuff ! ^ my infp shows so much at the end of this video haha . shameless self promotion : slugshell had a few other names for me lol kyo ! hai xd oh nikki minaj ! ! ! hahahaha nevermind and thanks ! :) i did play mafia ... but i'm still not orangeappled , nor have i ever changed my name on here xd wait ... smevel we've played mafia together xd ^ ^ ^ see my above post . my name is sarah xd wrong . i'm not orangeappled , we just coincidentally both decided to have a colorful apple for a name . my name is sarah xd thanks though ! #selfpromotionalspam yes that is me singing , check out my other vids to see ! thank you ! who has time to match socks or put on shoes ? :) i borrowed my neighbor's cat haha i feel you . try stembuds ! you can also help answer these questions for people ! website : stembuds  excuse me neighbor , can i please borrow your cat to make a cheesy music video ? you sound like me minus the two-faced thing . i've started going to therapy and i think we're finally getting around to the root of my issues connecting to people . it's been helpful . i suggest it ... 1 . ) get it right - oh honey 2 . ) too many questions - sam sparro 3 . ) man in the box - alice in chains 4 . ) jonathan - fiona apple 5 . ) unpretty - tlc 6 . ) burning bridge-kate bush 7 . ) the mirror blue ... i am about 95 % sure she's an isfp . after watching season 5 so far , i think i know where they are going with this plot line ... which they tend to not do the logical thing on so i'm probably wrong but i think that they are doing ... i've posted this so many times so spam ! i think any type can be any enneagram , so i don't really know how to answer that . i think there are a lot of people with mbti and tritypes that aren't common because it's perpetuated . i'm convinced there are a ton of infp 7s ( it makes a lot of sense if you think about it ) but ... have you tried partnering an enneagram that's atypical or less common for your type ? i think a lot of people go mistyped because of that , and it perpetuates the idea that certain things are ... ohhh ! ! ! hi how are you ! ? i'm not orange ! i'm purple ! wait you changed your name ... which one are you ? thanks ! oh you're smevel . hi ! and another one lol  recorded this one yesterday . i'm redoing some i had previously done on my phone , because now i have real recording things . i'll add some originals ...  me lol  '